Joey: C'mon, you're going out with the guy! There's gotta be something wrong with him!
Joey: Instead of...?
Joey: Never had that dream.
Joey: This guy says hello, I wanna kill myself.
Joey: Ohh.
Joey: And you never knew she was a lesbian...
Joey: Alright Ross, look. You're feeling a lot of pain right now. You're angry. You're hurting. Can I tell you what the answer is?
Joey: Strip joint! C'mon, you're single! Have some hormones!
Joey: I say push her down the stairs. 
Phoebe, Ross, Chandler, and Joey:  Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs!
Joey: (comforting her) And hey, you need anything, you can always come to Joey. Me and Chandler live across the hall. And he's away a lot.
Joey: What, like there's a rule or something?
Joey: Who's Paul?
Monica: Maybe. Joey: Wait. Your 'not a real date' tonight is with Paul the Wine Guy?
Joey:  Hey, Paul!
Joey: Here's a little tip, she really likes it when you rub her neck in the same spot over and over and over again until it starts to get a little red.
Joey: Hey Pheebs, you wanna help?
Joey: I'm thinking we've got a bookcase here.
Joey: (picking up a leftover part) What's this?
Joey: Which goes where?
Joey: Done with the bookcase!
Joey: Hey-hey-hey-hey, if you're gonna start with that stuff we're outta here.
Joey: Ross, let me ask you a question. She got the furniture, the stereo, the good TV- what did you get?
Joey: You got screwed.
Joey: Shut up!
Joey: What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for you. Lemme tell you something, Ross. There's lots of flavors out there. There's Rocky Road, and Cookie Dough, and Bing! Cherry Vanilla. You could get 'em with Jimmies, or nuts, or whipped cream! This is the best thing that ever happened to you! You got married, you were, like, what, eight? Welcome back to the world! Grab a spoon!
Joey: Great story!  But, I uh, I gotta go, I got a date with Andrea--Angela--Andrea...  Oh man, (looks to Chandler)
Joey: Right.  Thanks.  It's June.  I'm outta here. (Exits.)
Joey: Congratulations. 
Joey: Listen, while you're on a roll, if you feel like you gotta make like a Western omelet or something... (Joey and Chandler taste the coffee, grimace, and pour it into a plant pot.) Although actually I'm really not that hungry...
Joey: Morning, Paul.
Joey: That wasn't a real date?! What the hell do you do on a real date?
Joey: Yeah, I'm an actor.
Joey: I doubt it. Mostly regional work.
Joey: Look, it was a job all right?
Joey: I will not take this abuse. (Walks to the door and opens it to leave.)
Joey: You should both know, that he's a dead man.  Oh, Chandler? (Starts after Chandler.) 
Joey: (sitting on the arm of the couch)Of course it was a line! 
Joey: (bursts out laughing again) I can't believe you didn't know it was a line! 
Joey: I can't believe what I'm hearing here. 
Joey: Oh, you wouldn't know a great butt if it came up and bit ya.
Joey: Yeah, right!.......Y'serious? 
Joey: (pause)....Are we still talking about sex?
Joey: Yeah, sorry, the swallowing slowed me down. 
Joey: Yeah, calm down. You don't see Ross getting all chaotic and twirly every time they come. 
Chandler and Joey: Oh! Yeah!
Joey: Alright, when'd'ya have it on last?
Joey: .....Well, this is still ruined, right?
Joey: Your folks are really that bad, huh? 
Joey: What are we supposed to be seeing here? 
Joey: Since always. It's like dating language. Y'know, like 'It's not you' means 'It is you'. 
Joey: Yeah. Cushions the blow. 
Joey: "Warden, in five minutes my pain will be over. But you'll have to live with the knowledge that you sent an honest man to die." 
Joey: Thanks! Let's keep going. 
Joey: "I just wanna go back to my cell. 'Cause in my cell, I can smoke." 
Joey: What? 
Joey: Whoah! 
Joey: Hey! 
Joey: No no no, I am not giving you a cigarette. 
Joey: Y'miss it? 
Joey: That's ridiculous! 
Joey: Y'okay, Phoebe? 
Joey: What are you talking about? Keep it! 
Joey: So when do we get to meet the guy? 
Joey: Let it go, Ross. 
Joey: You can come in, but your filter-tipped little buddy has to stay outside! 
Joey: (shouting to Chandler) Chandler! He's here! 
Joey: Know what was great? The way his smile was kinda crooked. 
Joey: Alan. 
Joey: ...Does the knuckle-cracking bother everybody? 
Joey: Well, is it, like, a little annoying, or is it like when Phoebe chews her hair? 
Joey: Oh, (Imitating Ross) "you do, do you"? 
Joey: Do you have any respect for your body? 
Joey: (dragged in by Monica, he has just gotten out of the shower) What's going on? 
Joey: Even nicer when everyone gets to wear their underwear.. 
Joey: Oh, God! (Hurriedly closes his legs.) 
Joey: So that's it? It's over? Just like that? 
Joey: Okay! 
Joey: Probably kill myself! 
Joey: Hey, if Little Joey's dead, then I got no reason to live! 
Joey: You are? Ross, I'm sorry.. 
Joey: ...Ninety-five, ninety-six, ninety-seven. See, I told you! Less than a hundred steps from our place to here. 
Joey: (to Ross) Hey! Here's the birthday boy! Ross, check it out: hockey tickets, Rangers-Penguins, tonight at the Garden, and we're taking you. 
Joey: We love you, man. (Kisses Ross) 
Joey: So? 
Joey: What's wrong with the twentieth? 
Joey: The hell with hockey, let's all do that! 
Joey: C'mon, Ross! 
Joey: Oh, you're fine, yeah, for a first job. 
Joey: Leetch spots Messier in the crease- there's the pass! (He kicks it to Ross, but Ross is staring into a shop window.) 
Joey: What? 
Joey: -Peaches? 
Joey: Hey, that woman's got an ass like Carol's! (They turn to stare at him.) What? Thought we were trying to find stuff. 
Joey: C'mon, sit. Just sit down, sit. 
Joey: Well, how long do you think it'll be? 
Joey: He's right, enough, already. What is the big deal about today? So you slept with her for the first time, so what? You slept with her for seven years after that. 
Joey: What? 
Joey: With Carol? (Ross gives him a look.) Oh. 
Joey: Whoah, boy, hockey was a big mistake! There was a whole bunch of stuff we could've done tonight! 
Joey: Man. Can you believe he's only had sex with one woman? 
Joey: Really? 
Joey: Oh, ah- the kid has it. 
Joey: Ok, you know what blows my mind? Women can see breasts any time they want. You just look down and there they are. How you get any work done is beyond me.
Joey: No plans, huh?
Joey: Why do you have to break up with her? Be a man, just stop calling. 
Joey: My god, Angela.
Joey: No, yeah, no, ok, but not yet. I don't wanna seem too eager. One Mississippi, two Mississippi, three Mississippi. That seems pretty cool. (he walks over to her) Hey, Angela. 
Joey: You look good.
Joey: You don't say.
Joey: Bob? Who the hell's Bob?
Joey: Come on, we were great together. And not just at the fun stuff, but like, talking too.
Joey: What?
Joey: Fine, fine, so, why don't the four of us go out and have dinner together tonight? You know, as friends?
Joey: You know, you and Bob, and me and my girlfriend, uh, uh, Monica.
Joey: Monica, I'm tellin' you, this guy is perfect for you.
Joey: Come on. This guy's great. His name's Bob. He's Angela's... brother. He's smart, he's sophisticated, and he has a real job. Me, I go on three auditions a month and call myself an actor, but Bob is...
Joey: What?
Joey: Eww! Look, I'm asking a favor here. If I do this for her brother, maybe Angela will come back to me.
Joey: (proud) I know, but, I made a huge mistake. I never should have broken up with her. Will you help me? Please?
Joey: Yep.
Joey: Which what?
Joey: No, but he's...
Joey: Oh my god.
Joey: I suddenly had the feeling that I was falling. But I'm not.
Joey: So, you and Angela, huh?
Joey: You're a lucky man. You know what I miss the most about her? That cute nibbly noise when she eats. Like a happy little squirrel, or a weasel.
Joey: Oh, yeah, yeah, listen for it.
Joey: Yeah, but it's not gonna last. She's too much for me in bed. Sexually.
Joey: What?
Joey: Come on, they're close.
Joey: Oh, like you've never gotten a little rambunctious with Ross.
Joey: Well, who's to say what's true? I mean...
Joey: All right, look, I'm not proud of this, ok? Well, maybe I am a little.
Joey: Ow!
Joey: Wait, wait, wait. You want him, I want her. He likes you.
Joey: Yeah. I'm thinking, if we put our heads together, between the two of us, we can break them up.
Joey: Uh, waiter, one more plate of chicken wings over here.
Joey: Excellent.
Joey: Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite clear. (He goes into a song and dance number.) 
Joey: Whadja think?
Joey: C'mon, you guys, it wasn't that bad. It was better than that thing I did with the trolls, at least you got to see my head.
Joey: The Estelle Leonard Talent Agency. Wow, an agency left me its card! Maybe they wanna sign me!
Joey: Who's Rick?
Joey: I couldn't do it.
Joey: When I'm with a woman, I need to know that I'm going out with more people than she is.
Joey: (on phone) Uh huh.. uh huh... oh my God! Okay! Okay, I'll be there! (He hangs up and to all.) That was my agent. (He tosses and catches the phone.) My agent has just gotten me a job...in the new Al Pacino movie!
Joey: Can you believe this? Al Pacino! This guy's the reason I became an actor! "I'm out of order? Pfeeeh. You're out of order! This whole courtroom's out of order!"
Joey: "Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in!"
Joey: ...I'm his (mumbles)
Joey: ...I'm his butt double. 'Kay? I play Al Pacino's butt. Alright? He goes into the shower, and then- I'm his butt.
Joey: C'mon, you guys. This is a real movie, and Al Pacino's in it, and that's big!
Joey: Okay, okay, fine! Make jokes, I don't care! This is a big break for me!
Joey: Here. I need to borrow some moisturizer.
Joey: Whaddya think? Today's the big day!
Joey: Thank you! (He goes into the bathroom.)
Joey: Uh, listen, I just wanna thank you for this great opportunity.
Joey: Me?
Joey: Right. Okay. Losing the robe. (He takes off the robe.) And the robe is lost.
Joey: Well, I'm- I'm showering.
Joey: Oh. Well, the way I see it, the guy's upset here, y'know? I mean, his wife's dead, his brother's missing... I think his butt would be angry here.
Joey: I was going for quiet desperation. But if you have to ask...
Joey: Nope.
Joey: I got fired.
Joey: Yeah, they said I acted too much with it. I told everybody about this! Now everybody's gonna go to the theatre, expecting to see me, and...
Joey: My mom will.
Joey: Y'know, I've done nothing but crappy plays for six years. And I finally get my shot, and I blow it!
Joey: Hard to tell, I was naked.
Joey: Yeah? That's so nice! (They hug.)
Joey: Hi everyone.
Joey: Well, Chandler's old roomate was Jewish, and these are the only candles we have, so... Happy Chanukah, everyone.
Joey: What's up man?
Joey: (to everyone) Oh my God! He's trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre! (on phone) Chandler, listen. (says something intentionally garbled)
Joey: OK... my weirdest place would have to be... the women's room on the second floor of the New York CIty public library.
Joey: We have a winner!
Joey: It's never gonna happen.
Joey: You and Rachel.
Joey: Because you waited too long to make your move, and now you're in the friend zone. 
Joey: Ross, you're mayor of the zone.
Joey: Priesthood! Look Ross, I'm telling you, she has no idea what you're thinking. If you don't ask her out soon you're going to end up stuck in the zone forever.
Joey: Yeeeeaaaahhh! What's messing you up? The wine? The candles? The moonlight? You've just got to go up to her and say, 'Rachel, I think that...' (Rachel comes into the room behind them)
Joey: Are you going to do it?
Joey: Do you want any help?
Joey: Good luck, man.
Joey: OK. (Ross goes out on the balcony to talk to Rachel)
Joey: Hey, where are you going?
Joey: You can't go out there.
Joey: Because of... the reason.
Joey: I, um, can't tell you.
Joey: OK, you've got to promise that you'll never, ever tell Ross that I told you.
Joey: He's planning your birthday party.
Joey: (as Phoebe enters) You'd better act surprised.
Joey: Hey, don't look at me. This is Ross's thing.
Joey: Sorry, that was wax.
Joey: (does a maniacal laugh) Bwah-hah-hah!
Joey: Hey Ross. This probably isn't the best time to bring it up, but you have to throw a party for Monica.
Joey: Not me.
Joey: Twice?
Joey: You guys okay?
Joey: Now, see, I don't believe any of that. I think once you're dead, you're dead! You're gone! You're worm food! (realises his tactlessness) ...So Chandler looks gay, huh?
Joey: (entering with Chandler) Morning. We ready to go?
Joey: What?
Joey: Check it out, Giants-Cowboys. (He has a pocket TV)
Joey: No, it's the pre-game. I'm gonna watch it at the reception.
Joey: (hides the TV, but he still has an earphone) Just a, uh... hearing disability.
Joey: Seventeen-fourteen Giants... three minutes to go in the third.
Joey: Ooh, look-look-look-look-look! I got Monica naked!
Joey: Hey, hey.
Joey: Yes, I am. As of today, I am officially Joey Tribbiani, actor slash model.
Joey: You know those posters for the city free clinic?
Joey: No, but I hear lyme disease is open, so... (crosses fingers) 
Joey: Thanks.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: (to Monica) We did?
Joey: Uh, hi. We uh, we used to work together.
Joey: Yeah, at Macy's. You were the Obsession girl, right? I was the Aramis guy. (pretends to spray cologne) Aramis? Aramis? 
Joey: I gotta tell you. You're the best in the business.
Joey: I'm serious. You're amazing. You know when to spritz, when to lay back.
Joey: Ooh, you smell great tonight. What're you wearing?
Joey: Listen, uh, you wanna go get a drink or something?
Joey: What's wrong?
Joey: Oh. What?
Joey: Wait, wait, wait!
Joey: So I guess you all saw it.
Joey: Set another place for Thanksgiving. My entire family thinks I have VD.
Joey: Chandler, will you just come in already?
Joey: Hey, Monica, I got a question. I don't see any tater tots.
Joey: But my mom always makes them. It's like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork, a little cranberry sauce, and a tot! It's bad enough I can't be with my family because of my disease.
Joey: The balloon?
Joey: Wait, wait, we have a copy of your key.
Joey: That tone will not make me go any faster.
Joey: That one will. 
Joey: Nope, not that one.
Joey: Hey, I got one keyhole and about a zillion keys. You do the math.
Joey: Hey, we all had better plans. This was nobody's first choice.
Joey: You call that delicious? 
Joey: I've gotta see this. All right Ugly Naked Guy!
Joey: Oh, I will.
Joey: The bigger half.
Joey: Ahhhhhh, I didn't get the job.
Joey: I dunno. Some fat guy's sleeping with the store manager. He's not even jolly, it's all political.
Joey: Ah, I'm gonna be one of his helpers. It's just such a slap in the face, y'know?
Joey: Hey, that guy's going home with more than a note!
Joey: Hi. Hi, sorry I'm late.
Joey: Nice shoes, huh? (He wiggles his foot and the bells tinkle)
Joey: You know more than one Fun Bobby?
Joey: Ooh ooh ooh ooh, there's no room for milk!
Joey: Uh, four.
Joey: Yeah, and I met this really hot single mom at the store. What's an elf to do?
Joey: Sandy! Hi! C'mon in! (She enters, followed by a young boy and a younger girl)...You brought your kids.
Joey: Wow, that's, uh, dirty.
Joey: Hey, kids...
Joey: (Approaching) Hey Fun Bobby! Whoah! Who died?
Joey: There y'go, kids.
Joey: You seen Sandy?
Joey: Looks like that no date pact thing worked out.
Joey: Nonono, you can't kiss Ross, that's your brother.
Joey: Alrightalrightalright. (Kisses him. Ross takes a photo) There.
Joey: I can't believe you said woowoo. I don't even say woowoo.
Joey: C'mon, she's your mom!
Joey: Uhhhh.... I'll just pee in the street.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Right. No big deal.
Joey: In Bizarro World!! You broke the code!
Joey: You don't kiss your friend's mom! Sisters are okay, maybe a hot-lookin' aunt... but not a mom, never a mom!
Joey: Yeah, well, you don't have your racket.
Joey: Yeah, well you didn't call and leave your grip size.
Joey: Ross, how could you let this happen?
Joey: You don't think my mom's sexy?
Joey: I'll have you know that Gloria Tribbiani was a handsome woman in her day, alright? You think it's easy giving birth to seven children?
Joey: He forgot to leave his grip size!
Joey: So are you gonna tell him?
Joey: How about 'cause if you don't, his mother might.
Joey: Uhhhh.... he's not even wearing a jockstrap!
Joey: Uh... y'know, knowledge is a tricky thing.
Joey: Hey, hey, hey, you're lucky I caught them when I did, or else who knows what woulda happened.
Joey: Me neither, y'know what-
Joey: What are you mad at me for?!
Joey: (Shouting after him) Chandler, I didn't kiss her, he did! (To Ross) See what happens when you break the code?
Joey: Ah! (Points to door) Huh? (Leaves and slams the door)
Joey: (To Ross, on the couch) Now, here's a picture of my mother and father on their wedding day. Now you tell me she's not a knockout.
Joey: C'mon! Just try to picture her not pregnant, that's all.
Joey: (Laughing) Mother-Kisser... (Sees Ross's look) I'll shut up.
Joey: Shh. He did it. He told her off, and not just about the kiss, about everything.
Joey: No, no. He said "When are you gonna grow up and start being a mom?"
Joey: Then she came back with "The question is, when are you gonna grow up and realise I have a bomb?"
Joey: That makes more sense.
Joey: I dunno, I've been standing here spelling it out for you! (Goes back to the door) I don't hear anything. Oh, wait, wait, wait. (Looks through the spyhole)
Joey: Hard to tell, they're so tiny and upside-down. Wait, wait. They're walking away... they're walking away... No, no they're not, they're coming right at us! Run! Run!
Joey: You usually find them on the 'heaving beasts'.
Joey: Ross, did you really read all these baby books?
Joey: Hey Ross, listen, you know that right now, your baby's only this big? (measures about 2 inches with his thumb and index finger) This is your baby. (in baby-like voice) Hi Daddy! 
Joey: (in baby-like voice) How come you don't live with Mommy? (pause; shows Ross less than amused) How come Mommy lives with that other lady? (pause; Ross still looks less than amused; Joey smiling) What's a lesbian? (playfully hits Ross)
Joey: I love babies, with their little baby shoes, and their little baby toes, and their little baby hands... 
Joey: Need a new table.
Joey: That's the rule.
Joey: How'd you get to that?
Joey: You knew about that?
Joey: Ok, ok, How about if we split it?
Joey: Yeah
Joey: Why not?
Joey: Why, are you moving out?
Joey: You'd tell me if you were moving out right
Joey: Aw, I know all about Kip!
Joey: Well, let me ask you something, was Kip a better roommate than me?
Joey: So what's it gonna be? (Monica whispers in Joey's ear. Ross gets up and waves arms frantically in protest)
Joey: Or an uncle... 
Joey: Hey, Chandler, that table place closes at 7, come on.
Joey: Whoa, store will be open tomorrow!
Joey: Feminist issue. That's where I went!
Joey: Will you pick one, just pick one! Here, how about that one? (points to a table)
Joey: So what, like people are gonna come in and think, "Uh-oh, I'm outside again?" Of course!
Joey: I don't know, birds just don't say, "Hello, sit here, eat something."
Joey: All right, how about the ladybugs?
Joey: Fine, you want to get the birds, get the birds!
Joey: Who cares, we'll eat at the sink! Come on, let's play!
Joey: No-no, she kicked our butts. You could be on the Olympic standing-there team.
Joey: Yes, now is when you swoop! You gotta make sure that when Paolo walks out of there, the first guy Rachel sees is you, She's gotta know that you're everything he's not! You're like, like the anti-Paolo!
Joey: Wha-
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Uh, it's 2:30 in the morning!
Joey: Oh yeah!
Joey: Hey you guys. Hey, you all know my dad, right?
Joey: Dad, dad. (Shakes his head)
Joey: (Snatches the phone) Hey Ma. Listen, I made the appointment with Dr. Bazida, and... Excuse me? (To his dad) Did you know this isn't Ma?
Joey: Sure. So how long you been... (Goes back to chopping)
Joey: Since then?!
Joey: ...I d'know.
Joey: You're one to talk. (Puts the mushrooms in a saucepan)
Joey: Oh man. Please tell me one of 'em is Ma.
Joey: It's like if you woke up one day and found out your dad was leading this double life. He's like actually some spy, working for the C.I.A. (Considers) That'd be cool.... This blows!
Joey: What's the matter with Rog?
Joey: Night, you guys.
Joey: Hey. Can, uh, can we help you?
Joey: I'm Joey Tribbiani.
Joey: Dad, Ronni's here.
Joey: Who-ah-ho.
Joey: No you won't.
Joey: If you go to a hotel you'll be...doing stuff. I want you right here where I can keep an eye on you.
Joey: That's right, mister, and I don't care how old you are, as long as you're under my roof you're gonna live by my rules. And that means no sleeping with your girlfriend.
Joey: Now dad, you'll be in my room, Ronni uh, you can stay in Chandler's room.
Joey: Okay. Now this is just for tonight. Starting tomorrow, you gotta make a change. This has gone on long enough.
Joey: Well, either you break it off with Ronni
Joey: Then you gotta come clean with Ma! This is not right!
Joey: I don't wanna hear it! Now go to my room!
Joey: Just trying to get comfortable. I can't sleep in my underwear. 
Joey: I've been thinking. Y'know, about how I'm always seeing girls on top of girls...
Joey: Y'know what I mean, about how I'm always going out with all these women. And I always figured, when the right one comes along, I'd be able to be a stand-up guy and go the distance, y'know? Now I'm looking at my dad, thinking...
Joey: No.
Joey: You really think so?
Joey: Thanks, Chandler. (Snuggles up to him)
Joey: (Runs out in a towel) What's the matter with you?!
Joey: Ma! What're you doing here?
Joey: Oww! Big ring!
Joey: Hold on, you-you knew?
Joey: So then how could you I mean, how could you?!
Joey: Ma, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but... what the hell are you talking about?! I mean, what about you?
Joey: I'm...happy...for you?
Joey: Ma, I'm sorry. I just did what I thought you'd want.
Joey: Yeah. You're ten times prettier than she is.
Joey: With this ring? (Her engagement ring.) No contest.
Joey: Yeah. He's gonna keep cheating on my ma like she wanted, she's gonna keep pretending she doesn't know even though she does, and my little sister Tina can't see her husband any more because he got a restraining order...which has nothing to do with anything except that I found out today.
Joey: Yeah, I guess. It's just parents, after a certain point, you gotta let go. Even if you know better, you've gotta let them make their own mistakes.
Joey: Clear the tracks for the boobie payback express. Next stop: Rachel Green. (He goes into the bathroom. We hear a scream and he comes out, closely followed by Monica in a towel)
Joey: Sorry. Wrong boobies.
Joey: I'm tellin' you Ross, she wants you.
Joey: You're in!
Joey: Excuse me, could we get an egg over here, still in the shell? Thanks.
Joey: Yeah, you're gonna go up to her and say, "Here's your egg back, I'm returning your egg."
Joey: Think it'll work?
Joey: Actually, tomorrow night kinda depends on how tonight goes.
Joey: No, no, no, don't you dare bail on me. The only reason she's goin' out with me is because I said I could bring a friend for her friend.
Joey: Pathetic mess? I know, but—come on, man, she's needy, she's vulnerable. I'm thinkin', cha-ching! (Rachel throws a roll at Joey. He picks it up and eats it.) Thanks. Look, you have not been out with a woman since Janice. You're doin' this.
Joey: (Looking at himself in the reflection on a knife) How do I look?
Joey: No, no, no, don't! I've been waitin' for like, forever to go out with Lorraine. Just calm down. 
Joey: (at the urinal) Can you stop yellin'? You're makin' me nervous, and I can't go when I'm nervous.
Joey: Good for you. (jumps suddenly) Uh, quarters or rolls of quarters?
Joey: (to Lorraine) We can't do that.
Joey: Uh, can I talk to you for a second, over there?
Joey: Uh, we might be leaving now.
Joey: She said she wants to slather my body with stuff and then lick it off. I'm not even sure what slathering is, but I definitely want to be a part of it.
Joey: You're right, I'm sorry. You're right.
Joey: I'm outta here. Here's my credit card. Dinner's on me. I'm sorry, Chandler.
Joey: (in disbelief) Whoa.
Joey: I don't know. You dumped her on New Year's.
Joey: (to Chandler) If you don't do it, I will.
Joey: Thank you.
Joey: So what're you going to do?
Joey: How about Tony's? If you can finish a 32-ounce steak, it's free.
Joey: (aside to Ross) So.... back to your place...you thinking, maybe... (gestures with hands, back and forth) huh-huh?
Joey: I'm telling you, that monkey is a chick magnet! She's going to take one look at his furry, cute little face and it'll seal the deal.
Joey: (tasting) Mmmm. Good.
Joey: It's creamier.
Joey: I don't know. We're talking about whipped fish, Monica. I'm just happy I'm keeping it down, y'know?
Joey: Uh-oh.
Joey: (in disbelief) Vulva?
Joey: (sarcastic) Whoaa!! You cuddled? How many times??
Joey: What's the big deal? You just say what you want to do to her. Or what you want her to do to you. Or what you think other people might be doing to each other. I'll tell you what. Just try something on me.
Joey: Why not? Come on! Just, just close your eyes and tell me what you'd like to be doing right now.
Joey: ....yeah... what else?
Joey: (walks to catch up to him) Alright, look, I'll start, OK?
Joey: Come on. Come on. Alright, ready, look! (in a low voice) Oh... Ross.... you get me so hot. I want your lips on me now.
Joey: Alright, now you say something.
Joey: Come on! You like this woman, right?
Joey: You want to see her again, right?
Joey: Well if you can't talk dirty to me, how're you going to talk dirty to her? Now tell me you want to caress my butt!
Joey: (turning around) Alright, alright. I'm around. Go ahead.
Joey: There you go! Keep going. Keep going!
Joey: Say it... say it!
Joey: You're not going to believe this!
Joey: Hey Chandler, while you were sleeping that guy from your old job called again.
Joey: And again, and again, and again... (phone rings, he answers) Hello? (hands phone to Chandler) And again.
Joey: What a tool!
Joey: (to Ross) So, er... how did it go with Celia?
Joey: All right, Ross!
Joey: Whoa! And the... (gestures with hands) huh-huh?
Joey: You cuddled.
Joey: Yeah, where the hell is he?
Joey: Oh no, I'm sure the Xerox machine caught a few.
Joey: Shut up!
Joey: Thank you.
Joey: There was chocolate on the three. It looked like an eight, alright?
Joey: Yeah, we just don't happen to know any women that know how to play poker.
Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, Monica, what're you doin'? This is a poker game. You can't serve food with more than one syllable. It's gotta be like chips, or dip, or pretz...(look of realization)
Joey: About what?
Joey: Heh... I was bluffing.
Joey: You know what, you guys? It's their first time, why don't we just forget about the money, alright?
Joey: (pause)...Yeah?
Joey: No, I don't think so, see Ross, because I think you love her.
Joey: Alright now listen, you guys, we talked about it, and if you don't want to play, we completely understand.
Joey: But hey, thanks for teachin' us Cross-Eyed Mary. You guys, we gotta play that at our regular game.
Joey: What?
Joey: Alright, well, I'm gonna order a pizza. (gets up)
Joey: That's fine. I'll just have a Tic-Tac to hold me over.
Joey: Uh... Phoebe? Phoebe?
Joey: Me too. Alright, whattaya got.
Joey: Ahhh, I fold like a cheap hooker who got hit in the stomach by a fat guy with sores on his face. (the girls look at him, confused) Oh, I'm out.
Joey: Look, Rachel, we don't have to do this.
Joey: Check.
Joey: That's OK, Ross, you can ask me. What?
Joey: Here, I got five, I got five. (Ross takes the money)
Joey: (to Ross): Ahhh, that's alright. Y'know, that's a tough hand to beat.
Joey: Oh!
Joey: (triumphantly) The Unbearable Likeness of Being!
Joey: Suck-fest.
Joey: Hey, I don't need violence to enjoy a movie. Just so long as there's a little nudity.
Joey: I meant female nudity. Alright? I don't need to see Lou Grant frolicking.
Joey: I agree. I'm, like, in disbelief.
Joey: She really said that?
Joey: 'Tonight' tonight?
Joey: How could you lose him?
Joey: Alright alright. You're a monkey. You're loose in the city. Where do you go?
Joey: Marcel?
Joey: Marcel?
Joey: A monkey.
Joey: Um, sure! Did you, uh, did you try turning the knob back the other way?
Joey: Oh. Then, no.
Joey: Uh, aren't we kind of in the middle of something here?
Joey: We can't, alright? (To the women) We're sorry. You have no idea how sorry, but... We promised we'd find this monkey. If you see him, he's about yea high and answers to the name Marcel, so if we could get some pictures of you, you'd really be helping us out.
Joey: Marcel?
Joey: I dunno, I loved high school. Y'know? It was just four years of parties and dating and sex.
Joey: No way! Mr.Salty is a sailor, all right, he's got to be, like, thetoughest snack there is.
Joey: Her answer machine?
Joey: Duh, where've you been?
Joey: Man, we gotta do something about that guy. This morning, I caught him looking into our apartment. It creeps me out! I feel like I can't do stuff!
Joey: Will you grow up? I'm not talking about sexy stuff, but, like, when I'm cooking naked.
Joey: Yeah, toast, oatmeal... nothing that spatters.
Joey: Maybe she never got your message.
Joey: (entering) He's back! The peeper's back!
Joey: (ducking) Get down!
Joey: (intrigued) Yeah?
Joey: ..Naughty!
Joey: Oh, hold up, I'll walk out with you. Now, Rach, when she taught you to kiss, you were at camp, and.. were you wearing any kinda little uniform, or- (Rachel exits and slams the door in his face.) That's fine, yeah...
Joey: (watches them for a while) Oh my.
Joey: (entering) Hey, you know our phone's not working?
Joey: I tried to call you from the coffee shop, and there was no answer.
Joey: Hey, so listen, I went across the street and talked to the doorman- I got the peeper's name! Can I use the phone?
Joey: (to Monica) Can I use your phone? (On phone) Yeah, the number for a Sidney Marks, please.
Joey: (on phone) Yeah, is Sidney there? (Listens) Oh, this is? (To the gang) Sidney's a woman.
Joey: Yeah. Yeah, so what? (On phone) Look, I live across the street, (walking to the window) and I know all about you and your little telescope, and I don't appreciate it, okay? (Listens) Yeah, I can see you right now! (Listens) Hello! (Listens) If I wanna walk around my apartment in my underwear, I shouldn't have to feel like—(Listens)—Thank you, but... that's not really the point... (Listens) The point is that... (Listens) Mostly free weights, but occasionally..
Joey: (on phone) Yeah, my neighbor... (Listens) Yeah, the brunette... (to Monica) She says you looked very pretty the other day in the green dress.
Joey: Yeah, she said you looked like Ingrid Bergman that day.
Joey: Big day.
Joey: All right, I'll give you this, Mr. Peanut is a better dresser. I mean he's got the monocle, he's got the top hat...
Joey: How could someone get a hold of your credit card number?
Joey: No, still too ethnic. My agent thinks I should have a name that's more neutral.
Joey: Plus, y'know, I think it should be Joe. Y'know, Joey makes me sound like I'm, I dunno, this big. (Waitress looks at him funny) Which I'm not.
Joey: Stalin...Stalin...do I know that name? It sounds familiar.
Joey: (Writes it down) Joe Stalin. Y'know, that's pretty good.
Joey: Joseph Stalin. I think you'd remember that!
Chandler and Joey: Hey.
Joey: Where've you been?
Joey: (To Chandler) Hey! He beat ya.
Joey: I can't believe it, Ross. This sucks!
Joey: Isn't there any way you can keep him?
Joey: How do you get a monkey into a zoo?
Joey: Did you call the cops?
Joey: (entering) You know there already is a Joseph Stalin?
Joey: Apparently he was this Russian dictator who slaughtered all these people. You'd think you would've known that!
Joey: Phoebe. Whaddyou think a good stage name for me would be?
Chandler and Joey: He- he- he got in, he- he got in to San Diego.
Joey: We, we come back from our walk and the- the phone was ringing...
Joey: I dunno what to say, Ross. Uh, it's a monkey.
Joey: Marcel, I'm hungry.
Joey: Hi, uh, I'll be reading for the role of Mercutio.
Joey: Holden McGroin.
Joey: Exellent dream score.
Joey: I don't know. What are you wearing?
Joey: Hey, hey, Chan. She could work for you.
Joey: What the hell does a paleontologist need a beeper for?
Joey: How young is young Ethan? Young?
Joey: Would you let it go Ross. It was just a dream. It doesn't mean...
Joey: All right, relax, relax. Just relax, just relax. Be cool, be cool.
Joey: Services? (Ross looks at him) Oh, services.
Joey: Hey, hey. How was the first day?
Joey: Oh... Yeah, you do.
Joey: (reaches for hi scones) My scones.
Joey: All right. (Moves closer.)
Joey: So, tell me. Was it like you and Chandler, and then you and me, or you and me and Chandler?
Joey: What?
Joey: Listen, the next time you talk to him, can you ask him which one the strongest Power Ranger is?
Joey: Stegosaurus!
Joey: What about André?
Joey: They're here already?
Joey: Uh, moist, yeah.
Joey: All right, all right. (he comes out from their apartment with a huge sandwich in his hand)
Joey: For the ride.
Joey: All right, I'm going. I'm going.
Joey: Do we have to know about that?
Joey: I'm gonna be in the waitin' room, handing out cigars.
Joey: (to the screen) Shoot! Shoot! Shoot! Shoot, or just fall down. That's good too.
Joey: Oh, yeah.
Joey: Hey, listen, lady....(sees that she's pregnant)...whoa.
Joey: Oh yeah? And who do you like?
Joey: The Celtics? Ha. They couldn't hit a boat if...wait. They suck, alright?
Joey: Wha? Wha..aa? Let me get the father. Hey, we need a father over here! We need a father!
Joey: Oh, oh, oh, sorry.
Joey: Oh, uh, ok. Right this way. All the other pregnant women seem to be goin' in here.
Joey: Tribbiani.
Joey: (takes phone) Hi, yeah, it's me. (Listens) Oh, no no no, we're just friends. (Listens) Yeah, I'm single. (Listens) 25. (Listens) An actor. (Listens) Hello?
Joey: Yeah, so, uh, so, uh, what's the deal with this father guy, I mean, if someone was havin' my baby somewhere, I'd wanna know about it, you know?
Joey: Ok, look, maybe I should just go.
Joey: Good luck, and uh, take care, huh? 
Joey: You know what the Celtics problem is? They let the players run the team.
Joey: Oh, it is.
Joey: It is.
Joey: Ew! What is that? Something exploded!
Joey: (panicked) Water breaking, what do you mean? What's that, water breaking?
Joey: Come on, Lydia, you can do it. Push! Push 'em out, push 'em out, harder, harder. Push 'em out, push 'em out, way out! Let's get that ball and really move, hey, hey, ho, ho. Let's— (notices the nurse looking at him strangely) I was just—yeah, right. Push! Push! 
Joey: Oh, just had a baby.
Joey: Relax. You're only at nine centimeters. And the baby's at zero station.
Joey: Ben, Ben, hey Ben. Nothing. I don't think that's his name.
Joey: He doesn't do much, does he?
Joey: Hey, Chan, can you help me out here? I promise I'll pay you back.
Joey: I will, really. I'll pay you back this time.
Joey: Well... I'm helping out down at the N.Y.U. Med School with some... research.
Joey: Oh, just, y'know.... science.
Joey: (sigh)... It's a fertility study.
Joey: Alright, come on you guys, it's not that big a deal. Really... I mean, I just go down there every other day and... make my contribution to the project. Hey, hey, but at the end of two weeks, I get seven hundred dollars.
Joey: We make fire. Cook meat.
Joey: Oh, OK.
Joey: I don't know, she's, uh.... she's pretty great.
Joey: What, you think I'm gonna tell a girl I like that I'm also seeing a cup?
Joey: Well, the tough thing is, she really wants to have sex with me.
Joey: Yeah, well, I still got a week left to go in the program, and according to the rules, if I want to get the money I'm not allowed to conduct any... ersonal experiments, if you know what I mean.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: The country?
Joey: Oh no! How can she do that when she's never shown any interest in you?!?
Joey: He's right, man. Please. Move on. Go to China. Eat Chinese food.
Joey: Listen, buddy, we're just looking out for you.
Joey: We want you to be happy. And I may only have a couple beers in me, but... I love you, man. (Joey gives Ross a hug)
Joey: Like the three musketeers, only with fruit.
Joey: Well, not so good. She definitely thinks tonight is the night we're gonna... complete the transaction, if you know what I...
Joey: Then you do. Heh, heh.
Joey: What do you mean?
Joey: Not following you.
Joey: (to Rachel): That book got me through some tough times.
Joey: (pats Chandler on the leg) That's good, just keep rubbing your head. That'll turn back time.
Joey: Well, given that he's desperately in love with you, he probably wouldn't mind getting a cup of coffee or something.
Joey: The country.
Joey: He's right, cause if you're just gonna, like, break his heart, that's the kind of thing that can wait.
Joey: Heh, heh. It was nothin'.
Joey: (panicked) Uhhh.. y'know what? Forget about me. Let's, uh... let's give you another turn.
Joey: Sure! Why not?
Joey: How do you mean?
Joey: Shhhh!
Joey: She's still asleep.
Joey: Oh, it was amazing. You know how you always think you're great in bed?
Joey: Well, it's like, last night, I couldn't do the thing that usually makes me great. So I had to do all this other stuff. And the response I got... man, oh man, it was like a ticker tape parade!
Joey: It was amazing! And not just for her... uh-uh. For me, too. It's like, all of a sudden, I'm blind. But all my other senses are heightened, y'know? It's like... I was able to appreciate it on another level.
Joey: I know! Neither did I!
Joey: Seven hundred bucks!
Joey: Man, hell of a two weeks, huh? Y'know what, though? I really feel like I learned something.
Joey: What, are you crazy? When a blind man gets his sight back, does he walk around like this? (Joey closes his eyes and walks around with arms spread.)
Joey: Um, this?
Joey: What up?!
Joey: (answering the phone) Hello? Oh, hi. Yeah, hold on a second. Ross, it's Julie, for you. (Throws him the phone.)
Joey: Needs some clothes altered?
Joey: Why don't you go see Frankie? My family's been goin' to him forever. He did my first suit when I was 15. No wait, 16. No, 'scuse me, 15. (still confused) All right, when was 1990?
Joey: (to Chandler) You know, I think I was sixteen.
Joey: No-no-no-no-no, (grabs his pants) I'm not fallin' for that again.
Joey: Whoa, whoa. And the fact that you dumped him because he hit on Phoebe?
Joey: Hey, Chandler, when you see Frankie, tell him Joey Tribbiani says hello. He'll know what it means.
Joey: Can we see her?
Joey: How're you doing?
Joey: Ooh, that bad, huh? 
Joey: Look, I can sense when women are depressed and vulnerable. It's one of my gifts.
Joey: You gotta tell Ross how you feel.
Joey: What about her? They've only been going out for two weeks. Ross has been in love with you for like 10 years.
Joey: Look, Rach, Rach! I've been with my share of women. In fact, I've been with like a lot of people's share of women. The point is, I've never felt about anyone the way Ross felt about you.
Joey: Frankie? What're you talking about?
Joey: No way. I've been going to the guy for 12 years.
Joey: That's how they do pants! First they go up one side, they move it over, then they go up the other side, they move it back, and then they do the rear. (Chandler and Ross stare at him) What? Ross, Ross, would you tell him? Isn't that how they measure pants?
Joey: What? That's not? (Realizes) Oh my God.
Joey: Hey, when the doctor does that hernia test...
Joey: I swear to god, Dad. That's not how they measure pants.
Joey: (joins him) I gotta get one, too.
Joey: Yeah, we know, but there's a baby suckin' on it.
Joey: Uh, does it hurt?
Joey: Chandler?
Joey: Ok, I got one, I got one. Uh, if he blows into one, does the other one get bigger?
Joey: Monica what're you doin'? You can't go shopping with her? What about Rachel?
Joey: (A guy walks by) Bijan for men? (Another guy walks by) Bijan for men? (Another guy walks by) Bijan for men? (An attractive woman walks by.) Hey Annabelle.
Joey: Who?
Joey: What's he doin' in my section?
Joey: Well, he's gonna. I'll see you a little later, ok? (To the Hombre Man) Hey, how ya doin'?
Joey: Listen, I know you're new, but it's kinda understood that everything from Young Men's to the escalator is my territory.
Joey: Yeah. Bijan for men?
Joey: (to a guy) Bijan for men? (to a guy) Bijan for men? (To a woman) Bijan for... (Sees it's a woman and stops.) (To Annabelle who walks up.) Hey, Annabelle, Uh, listen, I was wondering if maybe after work you and I could go maybe grab a cup of coffee.
Joey: (To a co-worker) Hey, it's not the first time I lost a girl to a cowboy spraying cologne. (A customer walks by.) Bijan for men? (The customer ignores him, and Joey starts to chase him) Bijan for men?! 
Joey: What is the big deal? (Tastes the breast milk.)
Joey: Yeah, it's kinda sweet, sorta like, uh...
Joey: Exactly.
Joey: (sitting on the otherside of the counter from Chandler) Gimme a box a juice. Well, they switched me over to Hombre.
Joey: Or maybe it's because this guy's doing so good they wanna put more people on it. (Chandler pours some juice in a glass.) You should see this guy, Chandler, he goes through two bottles a day.
Joey: I know, but, I was the best, you know? I liked being the best. (He downs the glass of juice in one swig.) I don't know. Maybe I should just get outta the game. They need guys up in housewares to serve cheese.
Joey: Yeah I guess you're right.
Joey: I'm gonna do it. (He downs the juice in one swig again.)
Joey: Mornin'. (The Hombre man ignores him) I said, mornin'.
Joey: Yeah, I'm ready.
Joey: These new kids, they never last. Sooner or later, they all...stop lastin'. Listen, uh, what do you say I buy you that cup of coffee now?
Joey: I'm tellin' ya that girl totally winked at me.
Joey: Morning, hey, you made pancakes?
Joey: (sarcastically) Good morning.
Joey: (under his breath) Kiss her! Kiss her!
Joey: B-bye Janice. So when ya' dumpin' her.
Joey: Come on, quite yankin' me.
Joey: This is Janice.
Joey: Okay. All right. You look me in the eye and tell me, without blinking, that you're not breaking up with her. No blinking.
Joey: (entering) Their not breaking up. Chandler and Janice. Their not breaking up. He didn't blink or anything.
Joey: Cute! This is Janice! You remember Janice?
Joey: There you go! That's the spirit I'm looking for! What can we do? Huh? All right who's first? Huh? Ross?
Joey: Yeah, we'll call that Plan B. All right?
Joey: Wheel!
Joey: Fortune! This guy is so stupid. (yelling) It's Count Rushmore!!
Joey: I say, 'I am there!' Cool! Aw, is Ross going to?
Joey: Jan-ice. 'Cause I, just, I feel bad for Ross, you know, we-we always go together, we're like the three hocke-teers.
Joey: No, Yeeees. God, how do I say this. (walks into the kitchen, Chandler follows closely, he turns around and gets startled). Oh, hi, you know that girl from the Greek restaurant with the hair (holds his hands up to signify she has big hair)?
Joey: Look, I don't hate Janice, she's-she's just a lot to take, you know.
Joey: Oh, hey. Come on man, don't look at me like that, she used to drive you nuts before too, remember?
Joey: Look, what do you want me to say?
Joey: I can't. It's like this chemical thing, you know. Every time she starts laughing, I just wanna (grimaces and tenses up) pull my arm off just so that I can have something to throw at her. 
Joey: Yeah, then-then who's the guy that painted the faces on the mountain? (Chandler gives him a look like 'You stupid idiot!')
Joey: I, ah, I never said hate, I was very careful about that.
Joey: And you got a 'hate' from that?! Your taking a big leap there...
Joey: But what does that gonna do...
Joey: Okay. I'm in.
Joey: Does it have to be a whole day?
Joey: Yeah, I know, I sleep in the next room.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Yeah, yeah. We went to a Mets game, we got Chinese food, and you know, I love this woman. You have got competition buddy.
Joey: I'm sorry man, I tired, I really did.
Joey: But, hey, look, you know the good thing is, is that we spent the whole day together and I survived, and what's even more amazing, so did she. It was bat day at Shea Stadium.
Joey: No man, that's huge! Now, I know I can stand to be around her, which means I get to hang out with you, which is kinda the whole point, anyway.
Joey: Oh, hey, Chandler, we, ah, we stopped by the coffee shop and ran into Ross.
Joey: Hey, if it makes you feel any better, I do it too.
Joey: Oh yeah, I always picture your Mom when I'm having sex.
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey: (from bedroom) WHOAA!!
Joey: Hey.
Joey: No, I gotta wear this thing for a couple weeks. (points to the sling he is wearing)
Joey: Nooo. I had a story all worked out but then Chandler sold me out.
Joey: What is this? Fruit?
Joey: Whoa, jam! I love jam! (to Chandler) Hey, how come we never have jam at our place?
Joey: This will just be my batch.
Joey: Remember when you where a kid and your Mom would drop you off at the movies with a jar of jam and a little spoon?
Joey: (with food in his mouth) You talked to him. Are you crazy?
Joey: (with his mouthful) Hey, I didn't stalk her. I mean (he sprays Phoebe with crumbs) 
Joey: Aww. (tastes it) Ohh!
Joey: Put your hands together.
Joey: No more jam?!
Joey: Check it out!! Jam crackers!
Joey: Yeah, the Knicks rule!
Joey: Let me see. (goes over and looks at the form) Oh, right.
Joey: Well, right after I did that sex study down at NYU. (to Chandler) Hey, Remember that sweater I gave you for your birthday?
Joey: Noooo, that's what I was wearing when I donated. I'm kinda surprised there's any of my boys left.
Joey: Maybe, I should call this place and get them to put my 'Days of Our Lives' on here. You know, juice this puppy up a little.
Joey: Orrr, you could follow him and see where he goes.
Joey: Hey.
Joey: Where you going?
Joey: Sperm or regular?
Joey: So you're really doing this, huh?
Joey: Sounds nice.
Joey: No kiddin', hmm. 
Joey: No, I-I figured you would've picked a blond guy.
Joey: I don't know, I just always pictured you ending up with one of those tall, smart blond guys, name like.... Hoyt.
Joey: It's a name, yeah. I saw you, you know, in this great house with a big pool.
Joey: He's got the body for it.
Joey: You guys have one of those signs that says: 'We don't swim in your toilet, so don't pee in our pool.', you know.
Joey: Sure you do, it was a gift from me. Oh! And you have these three great kids.
Joey: Yeah!
Joey: Sure! (Monica gets very depressed) But hey, you know this way sounds good too. 
Joey: Oh Monica. (goes over and hugs her, then looks at the form and stops hugging her.) Wow, this guy's an astronaut. That would've been cool, (sees Monica) for like a day. (hugs her again).
Joey: I called the sperm bank today, they haven't sold a single unit of Tribianni. Nobody wants my product. I mean, I-I-I don't get it (tries to drink the rest of the jam out of the jar and gets it all over his face, on his chin, nose, etc.) Maybe if they met me in person.
Joey: (wipes a little jam from the corner of his mouth) Did I get it?
Joey: You guys, can we please not watch this all right.
Joey: (on tv) Oh, you said it Mike. (rips open the carton and spills milk on the counter) Aw! There's got to be a better way!
Joey: Can we please turn this off?
Joey: (on TV, finishing installing the Milk Master 2000) Wow, it is easy. (starts to poor the milk) Now, I can have milk everyday.
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Joey: Maybe you can tell me. My agent would like to know why I didn't show up at the audition I didn't know I had today. The first good thing she gets me in weeks. How could you not give me the message?!
Joey: How is it you?
Joey: Yep, that's my audition.
Joey: Well, Estelle tried, you know. The casting director told her that I missed my chance.
Joey: Pheebs, you can't do that. The casting director doesn't talk to friends, she only talks to agents.
Joey: What, what are you doing? What are you doing?
Joey: Hang up, hang up. (reaches with his good arm, but Phoebe grabs it and he tries to reach the phone with his other arm but can't because of the sling.)
Joey: I love that movie. (Joey is using it as a pillow)
Joey: I'm sorry, it just felt nice.
Joey: Hey, I only got one good arm, you know. You should be doing stuff for me. Go get me a sweater.
Joey: Hey, you know about that?!
Joey: Well, I've never been through the tunnel myself, 'cause as I understand it, you're not allowed to go through with more than one girl in the car, right. But, it seems to me it's pretty much like anything else, you know, face your fear. It have a fear of heights, you go to the top of the building! If you're afraid of bugs.....get a bug. Right. In this case, you have a fear of commitment, so I say you go in there and be the most committed guy there ever was.
Joey: Oh, yeah. Go for it man, jump off the high dive, stare down the barrel of the gun, pee into the wind!
Joey: Come on baby, come on!
Joey: Thank you so much.
Joey: You were amazing, could you just do me this huge favor, you see there's this one other audition that I really, really want, and Estelle couldn't get me in.
Joey: Come on, please, it'll be just this one more, well actually it's two.
Joey: Yeah! Well, well really it's three. Please. You're so good at it. I love you.
Joey: Nooo, four.
Joey: (entering) G. I. Joe! Cool! Can I play?
Joey: Pheebs! There you are!
Joey: But Phoebe, wait! Wait! Phoebe. Phoebe! (catches her in the hallway)
Joey: Look listen, that TV movie I went in for? Did you hear anything? I think I got a shot at it.
Joey: It's okay, these things happen.
Joey: I'm, I'm okay. See. (tries to smile, but fails horribly)
Joey: No! No, no you can't quit! You're the best agent I ever had! Look Pheebs, rejection is part being an actor, you can't take it personally.
Joey: They actually said that?
Joey: No, no, no, see that's why you have to do this job, agents always lie. You know, Estelle just says stuff like 'They went another way', but this, I can use this. (in a very bad Italian accent) I canna work on a new accent.
Joey: Okay, shoot.
Joey: I didn't get it?
Joey: Okay, what else?
Joey: Oh.
Joey: Look, it's okay, no, no, no, really, look um, I really appreciate this Pheebs, but I think I'm gonna have to go back to Estelle.
Joey: Yeah, well don't get me wrong, you're a better agent than she is, but at least with her I don't want to blow my pretty dumb brains out.
Joey: You do, thanks.
Joey: Wait a minute.
Joey: Wait a minute, did you just make up all that stuff just to get out of being my agent.
Joey: (in a really, really bad Italian accent) That's-ah what I suspected-ah.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: No. Y'know how we’re always saying we need a place for the mail.
Joey: Well, I started building one. But then I decided to take it to the next step.
Joey: No, an entertainment unit, with a mail cubby built right in. It’s a one day job, max.
Joey: Oh yeah. These are my old work pants, Sergio Valente’s.
Joey: Power saw kinda got away from me there.
Joey: Her what?
Joey: Hey, Monica, who would yours be?
Joey: It’s just a game Mon. (makes a ‘Can-you-believe-her’ face to the rest of the gang.) Rach, how about you?
Joey: Hey-hey!
Joey: I know.
Joey: Oh, I’m sorry. Did I get ‘ya?
Joey: Calm down, do you want this unit or not?
Joey: Well, you should’ve told me that before, I’m not a mind reader. Hey, we’re out of beer. I’m going to Monica’s.
Joey: Oh Monica, listen, I ah, I saw down at the hardware store, they got those designer tiles on sale. If you ever want to redo the bathroom floor.
Joey: Nothing. It’s just old and dingy, that’s all.
Joey: Oh yeah. If you ah, move your hamper, you see what color the tile used to be. (Monica gasps) Yeah.
Joey: Relax. Here hold this (hands her his beer). This old stuff just comes right off. (he bends down to try and lift some tile right in the middle of the floor, in his tight pants.)
Joey: (manages to pry off only a small piece) Aw! Look at that, every inch of this stuff is glued down. It’d take forever to pry this up. You should ah, you should just leave it. (starts to walk away, but Monica grabs him)
Joey: Eh! There you go.
Joey: (yelling from bathroom) Hey, does somebody wanna hand me one of those tiles.
Joey: Ooh, very official.
Joey: Why don’t we just go on two.
Joey: Because it’s faster.
Joey: All right, but in the future...
Joey: So we are going on two?
Joey: Wow, it’s big!
Joey: Maybe, my ruler’s wrong.
Joey: Look it’s not that bad. So what, it blocks a little of your door, a little of my door.
Joey: Yeah, listen, before I forget that side is still wet.
Joey: Y'know what?
Joey: I bet ‘ya ya I could fit in there. (points to a hole in the center)
Joey: Get out your checkbook, mister.
Joey: You are dogged man! I totally fit!
Joey: Thank you. Cha-ching! (Chandler starts to leave) Oh, well hello Mr. Lincoln. Better luck next time buddy. (Chandler leaves and closes the door) And the drinks are on me!
Joey: Well, that’s really a different question.
Joey: Well, there was that one time that Monica and Rachel got together.
Joey: Okay, but let’s say there was. How might that go?
Joey: Hey, there’s a dog out there!
Joey: Don’t you ah, don’t you wanna ask me any questions?
Joey: Well, ah, I’m an actor. I’m fairly neat. I ah, I got my own TV. Oh, and don’t worry I’m totally okay with the gay thing.
Joey: Ah, y'know just in general people being gay, thing. I’m totally cool with that.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Hey! (goes into the apartment)
Joey: Oh, no thanks, I got it. (picks it up) No I don’t!
Joey: Whew! Stood up to fast, got a little head rush.
Joey: That’s a uh, that’s a tough combination.
Joey: Like you wouldn’t believe. (they go into the apartment) Wow! This is a great place.
Joey: Gotcha.
Joey: Oh, you bet I am!
Joey: You said, you wanna come in for some lemonade?
Joey: Whoa, ah!! We’re you just gonna give me some lemonade?
Joey: Oh right, right.
Joey: Well usually...yeah! Well, not just lemonade, iced tea, sometimes juice. Well, sorry, I just, I thought you liked me. I’m such a jerk.
Joey: Baywatch.
Joey: Lifeguards.
Joey: Nicole Eggert. You'll like her.
Joey: They do that a lot. Hey, you want a beer?
Joey: No, no, no, don’t get up, I got a cooler right here.
Joey: Cool!!
Joey: Question. Was ah, ‘Egg the Gellers!’ the war cry of your neighbourhood?
Joey: Booo!!
Joey: (entering) Hey, you guys!
Joey: Guess what?
Joey: I got a gig!
Joey: Well, it’s not a part, no. I’m teaching acting for soap operas down at the Learning Extension.
Joey: Yeah, yeah. It’s like my chance to give something back to the acting community.
Joey: (glares at him) I know!
Joey: Good evening. I’m Mr. Tribbiani. And I will be teaching acting for soap operas. Now um, on my first day as (proudly) Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives, (looks for a reaction from his students, and gets none.) I learned that one of the most important things in soap opera acting is reacting, this does not mean acting again, it means, you don’t have a line, but someone else just did. And it goes like this. (looks all intense for a moment and then gasps, the students cheer him) Thanks, thanks, a lot. Oh, by the way, before I forget to work in soap operas some of you will have to become much more attractive. All right, moving right along.
Joey: Hi!
Joey: Oh it was great. Yeah, you get to say stuff like, ’Hey, the bell doesn’t dismiss you, I dismiss you.’
Joey: Oh, and guess what, I got an audition for All My Children.
Joey: Yeah, it’s this great part, this boxer named Nick. And I’m so, so right for it, y'know, he’s just like me. Except he’s a boxer, and has an evil twin.
Joey: Hey, Monica bought a bed from the Mattress King?
Joey: You want me to lie to Chandler?
Joey: No.
Joey: Hey, you’re ah, pretty good at this.
Joey: Ahh!
Joey: Hey now!
Joey: Hey!!! Oww!! And I’m bleeding.
Joey: Okay, great.
Joey: Okay.
Joey: All right. I can’t see.
Joey: Okay, some tricks of the trade. Now, I’ve never been able to cry as an actor, so if I’m in a scene where I have to cry, I cut a hole in my pocket, take a pair of tweezers, and just start pulling. Or ah, or, let’s say I wanna convey that I’ve just done something evil. That would be the basic ‘I have a fishhook in my eyebrow and I like it’ (Does it by raising one eyebrow, and showing off the pretend fishhook.) Okay, let’s say I’ve just gotten bad news, well all I do there is try and divide 232 by 13. (looks all confused) And that’s how it’s done. Great soap opera acting tonight everybody, class dismissed.
Joey: Hey-hey.
Joey: Awww, one of my students got an audition. I’m so proud.
Joey: You bet! What’s the part?
Joey: Wow! That was good. That was...(points to his pocket) Tweezers?
Joey: Whoa. That was really good.
Joey: Well, I-I might’ve said supergay.
Joey: Because, Monica, the guy’s so good, and I really, really want this part.
Joey: (sadly) There will come a time in each of your careers when you’ll have a chance to screw over another soap opera actor. I had such an opportunity in the recent, present. And I’m ashamed to say that I took it, I advised a fellow actor to play a role, homosexually. Yeah, we both auditioned for the part, and uh, as it turned out, they ah, they liked the stupid gay thing and cast him. And now, he’s got a two year contract opposite Susan Luchhi, the first lady of daytime television, and me, me I’m stuck here teaching a bunch of people, most of whom are too ugly to even be on TV. I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry. (he gets a huge round of applause from his students.) Thank you.
Joey: All right, Jester man, look we wanna see the king.
Joey: Oh-ho-kay, I’m talking to the king. (starts to go to a back room)
Joey: (entering with Monica) Hey, is, is, is Chandler here?
Joey: Well, I was thinking about that and I, I think the best way would be, to not.
Joey: It’ll kill him. I mean it’ll, it’ll just kill him.
Joey: (looking out the window) Ewww! Ugly Naked Guy is using his new hammock. It’s like a Play-Doo Fat Factory. 
Joey: What did they do?
Joey: Hey-hey, Ross?
Joey: I’ve got a science question.
Joey: If the Homo Sapiens, were in fact ‘Homo-sapien’, is that why there extinct?
Joey: Hey-hey, I’m not judging.
Joey: I’d really prefer a mountain bike.
Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, whoa. Do you ah, want to get her something speacial, get her flowers, get her candy, get her gum, girls love gum.
Joey: Oh, you want something serious. Y'know what you should do, you should get her one of those um, barium enemas. Those are dead serious.
Joey: (stopping him) No, no, you can’t, you can’t, okay, you can’t, you can’t buy her pearls, you just can’t, you can’t, you can’t.
Joey: Oh God. Uh, okay, here’s the thing, this is the thing, okay, the thing is...
Joey: Okay. I went down to the ‘Mattress King’ showroom and, and I saw Janice, kissing her ex-husband.
Joey: They were in his office.
Joey: I’m telling you man, I saw it.
Joey: I’m not wrong! I wish I was. I’m sorry. Bet that barium enema doesn’t sound so bad now, huh?
Joey: You said number two.
Joey: I know. (giggles harder)
Joey: Uh.
Joey: Ugly Naked Guy looks awfully still. (Phoebe runs to the window and gasps.)
Joey: I’m tellin’ ya, he hasn’t moved since this morning.
Joey: Well, there is one way. His window’s open, I say, we poke him.
Joey: Hey! Y'know how we ah, save all those chopsticks for no reason we get when we get Chinese food?
Joey: Well, now we got a reason.
Joey: Well, we’re fashioning a very long poking device.
Joey: Hey uh, what’s a matter?
Joey: Oh my God, is she going back to him?
Joey: What are you ah, what are you gonna do?
Joey: Well, it doesn’t matter what I would do.
Joey: All right, you’re probably not gonna want to hear this but ah, if it was me, and this is just me, (Chandler gets ready to throw another dart) I would ah, I would bow out.
Joey: They have a kid together, y'know. They’re like, they’re like a family, and if, I don’t know, there’s chance they could make that work, I know I wouldn’t want to be the guy who stood in the way of that. Are you okay? Do you wanna ah, come poke a nude guy?
Joey: All right now remember, something this big and long is going to be difficult to manuver, fortunately I have a lot of experience in that area.
Joey: All right, ladies and gentlemen, let’s poke. (they start to advance the giant poking device) Steady. Steady. Okay, a little higher. Careful of the angle. Okay, okay, we’re approaching the window (as he says this the camera cuts to their view of Ugly Naked Guy, so that we actually see him!) Thread the needle. Thread the needle. 
Joey: Okay, retract the device, retract the device.
Joey: Hey, that’s never gonna make it all the way over here, buddy!
Joey: Hey, who wants to ah, throw the ball around a little, maybe get a little three on three going?
Joey: Great, you can cover Chandler.
Joey: Come on man! You never want to do anything since you and Janice broke up.
Joey: Chandler, you have to start getting over her. All right, if you play, you get some fresh air, maybe it’ll take your mind off Janice, and if you don’t play, everyone will be mad at you ‘cause the teams won’t be even. Come on.
Joey: Says who? Your mom?
Joey: All right, we have to pick captains.
Rachel, Chandler, and Joey: What?
Joey: Thank you.
Joey: (to his team) All right, huddle up, right over here.
Joey: I got it. (catches the ball)
Monica and Joey: One-Mississippi. Two-Mississippi. Three-Mississippi.
Joey: Set....hike!
Joey: Haaaaa! Hey-hey, thanks for stopping our ball.
Joey: Yeah! Wow, your like from a whole other country.
Joey: Hi-hi, I’m Joey.
Joey: I’m sorry Dutch, I didn’t get that last little bit.
Joey: Her name is Dutch, and also Marklan.
Joey: Mar-klan.
Chandler and Joey: Yeah! Why don’t you stick around. You can sit right there.
Joey: I think so.
Joey: Thanks man, but I think it makes a stronger statement if I ask for it myself, y'know.
Joey: Oh, yeah, that. All right, means that much to ya, I’ll let you have her.
Joey: Well I don’t like to say it out loud, but, yeah! Don’t feel bad man, we all have our strengths. You’re better with numbers and stuff.
Joey: Fumble!
Joey: What the hell’s the matter with you?! This is my favourite jersey.
Joey: All right, that’s it. Y'know I was still gonna let you have her. But now, forget about it. Prepare to feel very bad about yourself.
Joey: Pheebs, run!
Joey: After!!
Joey: It’s hard, y'know, his huddle is closer to Dutch girl.
Joey: What are you gonna do?
Joey: Okay.
Joey: Here you go!
Joey: Yeah, Chandler finds me so intimdating that it’s better if we’re on the same team.
Joey: Ah well, the ah, Pennsylvania Dutch, come from Pennsylvania.
Joey: Nice try. (to Margha) See the Netherlands is this make believe place where Peter Pan and Tinker Bell come from.
Joey: Whoa, whoa, no, no, I-I’m not playing with this guy, now.
Chandler and Joey: What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? 
Joey: Wait a minute! Wait a minute! She obviously didn’t understand the question.
Joey: Nice going. You just saved yourself a couple months of sex.
Joey: This sucks, I was just up by that much!
Joey: (looking at the timer) Thirty seconds left on the timer!
Joey: When they’re hungry enough, they’ll come in.
Joey: And I gotta go sell some Christmas trees.
Joey: What? Me having a job?
Joey: Well, I’m pretty tired from lugging the trees around all day. Hey, Phoebe listen, you got this all wrong. Those trees were born to be Christmas trees, their fulfilling their life purpose, by, by making people happy.
Joey: Hey. What, what are you doing here?
Joey: Look now, Phoebe remember, hey, their just fulfilling their Christmas....
Joey: Sure.
Joey: All right.
Joey: Oh, that’s, that’s ah, one of the old ones, he’s just taking it to the back.
Joey: Well we have to make room for the fresh ones.
Joey: Well, they go into the chipper.
Joey: (to the guy operating the chipper) Hey! Hey!! (makes the ‘cut it’ motion with his hands)
Joey: All right, I’ll take a box of the cream filled Jesus’s.
Joey: Look Rach, wasn’t this supposed to a temporary thing? I thought you wanted to do fashion stuff?
Joey: If you ask me, as long as you got this job, you’ve got nothing pushing you to get another one. You need the fear.
Joey: (entering, interrupting Rachel) Hey! I got great news!
Joey: What? Rachel, listen, have you ever heard of Fortunata Fashions?
Joey: Well my old man is doing a plumbing job down there and he heard they have an opening. So, you want me to see if I can get you an interview?
Joey: Not a problem.
Joey: And now for the great news.
Joey: Only if you think it’s better than this... (holds up an aerosol can) snow-in-a-can!! I got it at work. Mon, you want me to decorate the window, give it a kind of Christmas lookie.
Joey: Okay, and ah, this one here is a Douglas Fir, now it’s a little more money, but you get a nicer smell.
Joey: Yeah, the ah, trees that don’t fulfil their Christmas destiny are thrown in the chipper.
Joey: Pheebs, you gotta stop this, I working on commission here.
Joey: (simulating an echo) Ten, ten.., nine, nine, nine...., eight, eight, eight... (Chandler hits him in the back of the head) Okay, Blast off!
Joey: Okay, pick a card, any card. (Monica picks one) All right, now memorize it. Show to everybody. Got it?
Joey: All right, give it back to me. (takes the card back, but he looks at the card before he puts it back in the deck, he holds the deck to his forehead, and thinks a little while) 5 of hearts.
Joey: I can’t tell you that, no.
Joey: All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, you really wanna know how I did it, I’ll show ya. When you handed me back the card, what you didn’t see was, I looked at it so fast that it was invisible to the naked eye. (picks up a card and quickly looks at it) I just did it. (does it again) I just did it, again. Here, I’ll slow it down so that you guys can see it. (looks and the card in slow motion)
Joey: Man, I remember the first time I saw that girl Katherine, after we broke up. She was just walking with her friend Donna, just laughing and talking. God, it killed me.
Joey: Sorry, I just, any excuse to tell that story y'know....
Joey: I don’t know, Chandler is supposed to be passin’ ‘em around...
Joey: Chandler!
Joey: Oh my God! How many of these things did you have? These are pure vodka.
Joey: No, only for sex.
Joey: Hey!! Hey-hey-hey!
Joey: (angrily entering, to Chandler) Can I talk to you for a second?!
Joey: Come on!! (motions for Chandler to come with him)
Joey: I just got off the phone with my sister.
Joey: Mary-Angela.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Why don’t you ask Chandler, ‘cause he’s the one that fooled around with her. She told me you said you could really fall for her. Now is that true? Or are you just gettin’ over Janice by groping my sister. 
Joey: Really? That’s great! You and my sister, sittin’ in a tree.
Joey: Waiting for my Grandma to finish my laundry. What about you?
Joey: You are so the man! (motions him to come in, and he does) Now look, listen, listen, you got to be cool, ‘cause my Grandma doesn’t know about you two yet, and you do not want to tick her off. She was like the sixth person to spit on Mussolini's hanging body. Yeah.
Joey: She’s right in there. (motions to the living room)
Joey: What’s goin’ on?
Joey: What?! How could you do that, how could you think she was Mary-Angela?
Joey: Well, that is usually what I would do. But I just never thought you’d be on the receiving end of it. How could you do this?!
Joey: No! No! No! No, I’m not going to punch Chandler.
Joey: No you won’t. Look he knows he did a terrible thing and I believe him, he’s sorry. But, (to Chandler) you’ve got one more apology to make, all right, you’ve got to apologize to Mary-Angela.
Joey: All right.
Joey: Cookie, now you can punch him!
Joey: All right, that’s it! He cannot do this to Phoebe. (gets up) This guy is going to get the butt kicking of a lifetime! (stops and turns around and asks Rachel) But, is he a big guy?
Joey: (hanging up the phone) Yes! Guess who's in an audition for a Broadway musical? 
Joey: It is me! It's a musical version of Tale of Two Cities. So I think I'm gonna sing New York, New York, and ah, oh I left My Heart in San Francisco. 
Joey: What? 
Joey: Who? 
Joey: The what? 
Joey: Oh, okay. (to Ross) The what? 
Joey: (singing) You've got to pick a pocket or two. Boyyyyssss, (picks a handkerchief from the pianist's pocket) you've got to pick a pocket or two.......... 
Joey: Really? Thanks. 
Joey: Excellent, I'll be there. 
Joey: Ahhh! My ah, my agent said it wasn't a dancing part. 
Joey: Hey, everybody lies on their resume, okay. I wasn't one of the Zoom Kids either. 
Joey: Yeah, I can dance, y'know. (starts to dance really, really, really badly) 
Joey: Sure, it looks stupid now, there's no music playing. 
Joey: Get out! I couldn't stop if a meteor hit me. 
Joey: Well sure, you name a kid that, what do you expect them to grow up to be? 
Joey: (reading) The Empty Vase. Translucent beauty... 
Joey: Whoa, I'm not done. 
Joey: Done. 
Joey: Mark's a genius! 
Joey: And before you know it, she's with him. And you'll be all, 'Ohh, man!' And he'll be all, 'Yes!' And us, we'll be like, 'Wh-whoa, dude.' And pretty soon you'll be like, (sadly) 'Hhiii,' and, and, and, 'I can't go, Rachel and Mark might be there.' And we'll be like, 'Man get over it, it's been four years!!' 
Joey: So, does that mean the audition is off? 
Joey: What?! 
Joey: It's ah, step-ity, step and jazz hands. 
Joey: Bye. (does the jazz hands) 
Joey: I know, it was the best I could get out of them. 
Joey: People, people, people. 
Joey: (to Phoebe) Look at you. Since when do you roller blade?
Joey: Cool.
Joey: Well, you might wanna make a little extra, y'know you’ll probably be hungry after the sex.
Joey: Hey.
Joey: Check the freezer. If there’s none in there, then we’re probably out. Are you just getting in from work? It’s late.
Joey: I discovered I’m able to count all of my teeth using just my tongue.
Joey: Oh, I was reading it last night, and I got scared, so.
Joey: Well, safer. Y'know, I mean I never start reading The Shining, without making sure we’ve got plenty of room in the freezer, y'know.
Joey: Haven’t you ever read the same book over and over again?
Joey: The question should be Rach, what is not so great about The Shining. Okay? And the answer would be: nothing. All right? This is like the scariest book ever. I bet it’s way better than that classic of yours.
Joey: All right, you got it.
Joey: Okay.
Joey: Ah, now Rach, these ah, these little women.
Joey: How little are they? I mean, are they like scary little?
Joey: These little women. Wow!
Joey: Oh yeah! Amy just burned Jo’s manuscript. I don’t see how he could ever forgive her.
Joey: But Jo’s got a crush on Laurie. (Ross nods his head) Oh. You mean it’s like a girl-girl thing? ‘Cause that is the one thing missing from The Shining.
Joey: No wonder Rachel had to read this so many times.
Joey: (noticing Chandler) What are you doing? (he pushes Chandler back to his side of the couch) Get back over on your side of the... (sees Robert in all his glory) Hello!! (to Robert) Hi, I’m Joey, we haven’t met.
Joey: Hey Robert, could you ah, ha, pass me those cookies?
Joey: Hey! (starts to laugh.) How’s it going?
Joey: Hey, Rach, how you doing with The Shining?
Joey: Oooh, the next part’s the best, when that dead lady in the bathtub...
Joey: All right I’ll talk in code. (to Ross and Chandler) Remember when the kid sees those two blanks in the hallway?
Joey: Oh, all blank, and no blank, make’s blank a blank blank. Oh no-no-no, no, the end when Jack almost kills them all with that blank, but then at last second they get away. Aww!
Joey: Hey! Mine was by accident! All right, the boiler explodes and destroys the hotel, and kills the dad.
Joey: Beth, Beth dies?
Joey: Is that true? If I keep reading is Beth gonna die?
Joey: Then why would you say that?!
Joey: Beth is really, really sick.
Joey: Jo’s there, but I don’t think there’s anything she could do.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: (nodding his head) Okay.
Joey: Wow! This girl is good.
Joey: (to Leslie) So ah, Phoebe tells us you write jingles.
Joey: (to Leslie) Ah, anything we might of heard of?
Monica, Ross, and Joey: (joining in) Home is Home Star stew.
Joey: (to Phoebe) Wow, that was kinda brutal.
Joey: Ah, he can’t make it, he said he had to his... (sees Ginger) Whoa-oh! (hides behind the coat rack.)
Joey: Phew, close one.
Joey: (entering) Hey.
Joey: Is ah, is Chandler around?
Joey: Oooh.
Joey: Nooo. No, no, ah, are you sure it wasn’t something that sounded like Ginger, like ah, Gingeer?
Joey: Aww, man. That’s the girl I was hiding from. When she finds out he’s my roommate, she’s gonna tell him what I did.
Joey: What, oh, oh, oh, no, no, I can’t, I can’t tell you that, it’s like the most awful, horrible thing I’ve ever done my whole life.
Joey: All right!! Okay, it was like four years ago. Okay, Ginger and I had gone out a few times, and then this one weekend, we went up to her Dad’s cabin. Just me, her, and her annoying little dog Pepper. Well that night, I cooked this really romantic dinner....
Joey: I wish. No. After dinner, me, her, and Pepper all fell asleep in front of the fire. Well I woke up in the middle of the night and I saw that the fire was dying out. So, I picked up a log and threw it on. Or, at least what I thought was a log.
Joey: I wish. See, I guess another thing I probably should’ve told you about Ginger is that she kinda has a ah, artificial leg.
Joey: I ran!!
Joey: (entering from his bedroom) Morning.
Joey: (to Chandler) Heard about the leg burnin’ huh?
Joey: Listen, I ah, I know it’s a longshot. But, by any chance did she find that funny?
Joey: Yeah. You okay?
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Where have you been?
Joey: (to Monica) Hey, how much will you give me to eat this whole jar of olives?
Joey: Done.
Joey: So Pheebs what’s this guy like?
Joey: Yeah, are you just going down there to gawk at that hot girl with the belly button ring again?
Joey: Yeah!
Joey: Uh, y'know what, we’re having second thoughts about our copying needs. And we’ll need a little more time to think about it.
Joey: Both of us? (points to Chandler and himself)
Joey: We’ll be there.
Joey: Uh, 10:30.
Joey: 4:30.
Joey: Yeah. Hey, remember when she brought up that thing about the three of us?
Joey: She was kidding about that right?
Joey: God, that would be weird it that situation presented itself tonight, huh?
Joey: Dude, I don’t know.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Yeah, for sure. Okay. Probably want the first thing to be, never open your eyes. Y'know, because you don’t want to be doing something and then look up and see something you don’t want to be seeing.
Joey: Ah!! Okay! Eyes open at all times! Oh, hey, how do we decide where we... (clears throat) y'know each would, (clears throat again) y'know (pause) be?
Joey: Yeah, I guess, but what’s like heads and what’s tails?
Joey: So what are you gonna do?
Joey: Yeah, tell that to my Uncle Lenny.
Joey: Nothing, he’s just really believes in that.
Joey: (Voice Over) Previously on Friends.
Joey: Yeah. We figured when we couldn’t find you, you’d gone home to make up with Rachel. Which is probably what you shoulda done. Huh?
Joey: Look, Ross look, I’m on board about this totally honesty thing, I am, just not about stuff that’s gonna get you in trouble.
Joey: Yeah, and there won’t be a relationship left to rebuild.
Joey: All right, okay, now, we just have to make sure she doesn’t find out some other way. (spins the chair around so that Ross is facing him) Did you think about the trail?
Joey: (stomps on the footrest which pops Ross up into a sitting position) The trail from the woman you did it with to the woman you hope never finds out who did it! (slapping his hands with each word) You always have to think about the trail!
Joey: Yeah, I-I think that women just have a lower threshold of pain than men, that’s all. I mean, come on, it’s just a little wax.
Joey: Okay, fine, so now what, I just pull it off?
Joey: Don’t answer that.
Joey: Awful! Horrible!
Joey: She was nothing compared to you.
Joey: Ewwwww!
Joey: Y'know what, I don’t think we should listen to this anymore. (Goes to open the door)
Joey: Why not?! (to Chandler) I’m hungry.
Joey: Yeah, we’ll be fine.
Joey: Oh man, pizza? I like pizza. (makes like he is trying to send a telepathic message to Rachel) Put olives on the pizza.
Joey: You think I need a new walk?
Joey: Well y'know, I’ve been walking the same way since high school. Y'know, y'know how some guys they walk into a room and everybody takes notice. I think I need a ‘take notice’ walk.
Joey: Whoa-ho-ho! (He looks at Chandler, who gives him a ‘come on’ look.) Yeah, okay.
Joey: Maybe she killed him?
Joey: (whispering) No, I really have to pee.
Joey: Can I see the comics?
Joey: Okay, may I see the comics?
Joey: Yeah, you shoulda been there last night.
Joey: Well Ross was hangin’ out over at our place, Rachel comes over to borrow some moisturiser from Chandler....
Joey: Anyway! Her and Ross just started yelling at each other.
Joey: Well, I guess he says that because they were on a break when it happened, that she should of forgiven him by now.
Joey: I had the same dream!
Joey: Oh, I had the opposite dream.
Joey: Yeah, I mean it’s never taken me a week to get over a relationship.
Joey: Rach, it’s, it’s ah, it’s not that we don’t want to, really. (quietly) Are we talking models in their underwear?
Joey: (He turns around to Chandler looking for approval to go with Rachel, Chandler mouths ‘Come on!’) (turning back to Rachel) Ross, did ask us first, and we set that night aside.
Joey: Oh yeah.
Joey: You’re smoking again?!
Joey: (obviously cold) Hey, can you close that window Chandler? My nipples can cut glass over here!
Joey: It’ll be great for next weekend.
Joey: It’ll be great for next weekend. I mean, (in an Irish accent) it’ll be grrreat.
Joey: Uh, Pheebs we kinda need you to drive us all up there in your grandmother’s cab, but y'know what, I’ll stay.
Joey: (to Chandler and Monica) Hey, does anybody else feel bad about Ross?
Joey: What? Mine aren’t tinted.
Joey: Oh, now I have to go!!
Joey: What’s going on?
Joey: Relax okay, I-I-I can get this open. Anybody have a coat hanger?
Joey: Look, I just need a wire something to jimmy it. Oh hey, one of you guys give me the underwire from your bra!
Joey: Come on! Who has the biggest boobs?
Joey: Whoever has the biggest boobs, has the biggest bra, therefore has the biggest wire.
Joey: If you wanna get back in the car, we need the wire, your call.
Joey: Thank you Phoebe, that is very, very generous.
Joey: (opening the door) And there you go!
Joey: Oh yeah, Smokey Joe here got half way to the highway and collapsed.
Joey: Okay, done.
Joey: That’s ‘help’ spelled backwards so that the helicopters can read it from the air!
Chandler and Joey: Hey!!
Joey: Arrrghh!!
Joey: Guys, do you think we should ask Ross to come along?
Chandler, Phoebe, and Joey: No, I wasn’t gonna ask you that, no.
Joey: I-I can’t handle this, you guys.
Joey: (pause) What?
Joey: (pause) What?
Joey: Yeah, and not put us in the middle.
Joey: Oh what, wait, wait a second, I mean, what are we doing? Who’s going with who?
Joey: Come on man, you drove all the way up here.
Joey: Oh, nothing, no. It’s an acting exercise, I’m practising my fake laugh.
Joey: What-what’s so funny?
Joey: Yeah, or-or to get a hooker.
Joey: Pheebs, he seems to enjoy it.
Joey: Well, have-have you told him how you feel?
Ross and Joey: No-no-no-no-no. (They start to turn away, but Phoebe stops them, and turns them back to face her.)
Ross and Joey: No.
Joey: So, we’re walking down the street and I turn to you and I say, “Hey, let’s go hang out at Totally Nude Nudes,” remember? And then, and then, you turn to me and say, “Nah, let’s just hang out at your place.” Well, that was a nice move dumb ass. 
Joey: Yeah, come on, think about it. You’re 18, okay, she’s 44, when you’re 36, she’s gonna be 88.
Joey: Look, the point is, there’s a lot of women out there you haven’t even had sex with yet!
Joey: Yeah, in a poem maybe.
Joey: Now, wh-what, what is that like?
Joey: (to Ross) Why can’t I find that?
Joey: Well, I want it!
Joey: I don’t know, maybe I can’t. I mean, maybe there’s something wrong with me.
Joey: Then you hold on to it!!
Joey: All right, congratulations you lucky bastard! (hugs him)
Joey: I couldn’t help it, there love is so pure.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Hey, how much cash do you got in your pocket right now?
Joey: Every night!! 
Joey: (He’s recorded his voice on the tape) Joey’s your best friEnd. You want to make him a cheese sandwich everyday. (he laughs) And you also want to buy him hundreds of dollars worth of pants. 
Joey: (entering, dancing and singing) Oh mommie, oh daddie, I am a big old baddie! Oh mommie, oh daddie, I am a big old baddie! (He dances around the dinner table and exits)
Joey: Good. (He sets his stuff down and starts talking to Kate, another cast member.) Hey.
Joey: Oh, so you’re playing Adrienne, huh?
Joey: Oh, no. Ah, I playing your husband, Victor. I’m Joey Tribianni.
Joey: So the ah, play’s pretty great, huh?
Joey: Oh, forget about it. She rocks!
Joey: Dr. Drake Remoray. Days of Our Lives. Voted most datable neurosurgeon by Teen Beat.
Joey: Hey, I’ve done plays before. I’m a serious actor.
Joey: See, I actually can pour milk, but I got you believing that I couldn’t. Now, see, that’s acting.
Joey: Yeah, that was real.
Joey: I hate this woman!! I hate her! She told everyone in the company about that info-mercial, and now they all keep asking me to open their drinks. Okay, and whenever I can’t do it, they’re all like-like laughing at me.
Chandler and Joey: Hey!
Joey: Wow, what-what do you think she wants?
Joey: Oh, oh, I got it! Pete-Chicago.
Joey: Oh, and Mississ-Pete is?
Joey: Well, why don’t you tell me what you’re supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can’t figure it out! I talk to you and nothin’. You look at me, and it’s nothin’. (He kisses her) Nothing.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Oh, hey, how about this one. Ah, it’s says so in the script! Y'know ah, I-I don’t know why my character likes you either, I mean it says in the script here that you’re a bitch.
Joey: It does in mine!
Joey: Just because she went to Yale drama, she thinks she’s like the greatest actress since, since, sliced bread!
Joey: God, I just, I hate her! I hate her!! With her, ‘Oh, I’m so talented.’ and ‘Oh, I’m so pretty,’ and ‘Ooh, I smell so good.’
Joey: Hey, Chandler, can we please stay focused on my problem here?! Y'know?
Joey: Oh. (realises) Ohh. Ohh, you’re out of your mind.
Joey: Oh, yeah?! Then how come I keep thinking about her in all these sexual scenarios and stuff huh?!
Joey: Well, why don’t you tell me what you’re supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can’t figure it out! I talk to you and it’s nothin’. You look at me, and nothin’. (He kisses her, more passionately this time) Nothing.
Joey: Better?
Joey: Ah, Kate? 
Joey: You ah, you forgot your shoes.
Joey: Hey, listen you ah....
Joey: ...feel like getting a cup of coffee?
Joey: Yeah, yeah sure, goodnight.
Joey: Yeah! Oh my God! (to Chandler) Is this what it’s like to be you?
Joey: Oh, you have no idea. And-and when we’re on stage I get to-to kiss her and-and touch her, but then she goes home with the director, and it’s like somebody’s ripping out my heart!
Joey: Uh, Pheebs, you had a barrel for a dollhouse?
Joey: Hey, Kate!
Joey: Listen, I ah, went to that restaurant that you were talking about last week...
Joey: (to himself) And I ate the food, I had the fish, it was good, yeah. It was good, yeah...
Joey: Oh, hey! Joey Tribbiani.
Joey: (looks at her, shocked) What?!
Joey: Get out of here, really?!
Joey: Yeah? 
Joey: They gave me the shaft all right.
Joey: Well Ahh, (he sees Kate and the director kissing) yeah! Yeah, sure, a drink sounds great.
Joey: All right.
Joey: Come on baby, don’t go. Please? What do you say?
Joey: (to Kate) That guy’s like a cartoon. What do you see in him anyway?
Joey: Hey, I’m not interested in her sweater! It’s what’s underneath her sweater that counts. And besides, since ah, since when do you care who I’m going out with?
Joey: Do you want me to want you to care?
Joey: What?
Joey: Come on baby, don’t go. Please? What do you say?
Joey: Hey, it’s gonna be all right.
Joey: What?
Joey: Oh, yeah, with the mug painting. Yeah. I was so listening to that. But ah, y'know what, I think I kinda need to work on my stuff tonight.
Joey: Okay. (he gives her a peck on the cheek)
Joey: Okay.
Joey: (to Kate) Ah, are you okay?
Joey: I don’t know.
Joey: How do you mean?
Joey: Maybe he could slip her the tongue.
Joey: Yeah, yeah, and then Adrian, she maybe she could wrap her legs around his waist.
Joey: And then, then he could use his teeth, his teeth to undo her dress, and, and, and bite her!
Joey: Something like that?
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: (to Ross) Hey.
Joey: (to Monica) Hey. 
Joey: Hey.
Joey: No-no, things ah, finally happened with Kate.
Joey: Oh, it was so amazing. After the (pause) love making...
Joey: Yep. I just, I just watched her sleep for like hours, just breathing in and breathing out. And then I knew she was dreaming ‘cause, ‘cause her eyes keep going like this. (He closes his eyes and moves them around, kinda like he’s been processed by the devil, or something.)
Joey: Hey.
Joey: So I ah, talked to Lauren, kinda told her how things were with us. Did you ah, did you talk to Marshall?
Joey: Y'know, about what happened with us.
Joey: What are you talking about? It was a big deal. I mean, come on you can’t tell me last night didn’t mean something to you. I-I was there, you’re not that good an actress.
Joey: Nooo.
Joey: Hi, Lauren.
Joey: (on phone) Well, so anyway Beth, what I’m saying is I should’ve considered your feelings before I went home with you that night. I’ve ah, I’ve recently learned what’s it like to be on your side of it, and I’m sorry. So, do you think you can forgive me? (listens) Great. Thanks. Okay, bye. (He sits down and crosses out something, and dials the phone again.) Hello, Jennifer? (listens) Oh hi, Mrs. Loreo, is Jennifer there? (listens) Oh, she’s not home huh? (listens) Well ah, actually I kinda need to talk to you too.
Joey: (leaving Central Perk and seeing Monica laying on top of Rachel who is moaning in pain.) Oh my.
Joey: Hey. Y'know with that goatee you kinda look like Satan.
Joey: Hey I was crying because, because nobody believed Quincy’s theory. Okay?
Joey: Saw a girl with that vest.
Joey: (on phone) Yeah, hi. You guys got any of those baby chicks? ‘Cause I was watching this ah, commercial on TV and man, those guys are cute!
Joey: (entering carrying a box) Hey!!
Joey: I got you something! Open it! Open it!
Joey: It’s cute, huh?
Joey: Oh, well no problem there. (He picks up the chick, hugs it really tight, and talks to it like it’s a little baby.)
Joey: Hey.
Joey: How’s she doing?
Joey: Well yeah, don’t-don’t you think it’s a she?
Joey: Well, anyway, I got to go change, I’m ah, meeting some of the cast for drinks.
Joey: What?
Joey: Hey! Who was up from 2 o’clock this morning until 5 o’clock this morning trying to get her back to sleep?
Joey: Ohhh, here it comes.
Joey: Hey!! I need to relax! Okay? I was working all day!
Joey: That’s not what I said. Okay, I just meant...
Joey: I don’t know, maybe we weren’t ready to have a chick.
Joey: Do you think we’ll get our three bucks back?
Joey: Well, the brown one brings out your eyes, but your butt looks great in the blue one.
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Joey: (sees he’s watching Baywatch) Ohhh. (sees he still has the chick) Ahh! What are you doing?! I thought you were gonna take her back to the store today.
Joey: Okay, good, good, good, ‘cause, good, ‘cause I was kinda having second thoughts too. 
Joey: That’s horrible! Well, you did the right thing man.
Joey: What ‘cha doing?
Joey: What about the chick?
Joey: Are you sure?
Joey: Sure.
Joey: (stopping him) Wait. Give him a minute.
Joey: (entering) Hey.
Joey: Uh, listen I gotta double check for tickets tonight. Who-who got what?
Joey: Two it is. Ross, how about you?
Joey: But you said one.
Joey: Okay. (to Phoebe and Chandler) Did ah, you guys mean you plus one?
Joey: Okay.
Joey: Oh, hey, you guys are finally gonna get to meet Kate!
Joey: (to Chandler) And I ah, borrowed some of your cologne. I hope she likes it.
Joey: The green bottle next to the shaving cream.
Joey: So, so, what’d ya think?
Joey: I-I wasn’t in that.
Joey: (sees Kate) Oh-oh, hey-hey, Kate! Listen I want you to meet everybody. Everybody, this is Kate.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Oh, hey, Lauren. Uh, you guys this is, this is Kate’s understudy, Lauren.
Joey: Hey you guys, this is my agent, Estelle.
Joey: No, they-they weren’t in the play.
Joey: Yes!!! Ha-ha-ha!
Joey: Anyone mind if I save this?
Joey: Hey! Are you okay?
Joey: Listen, drama critics they’re nothing but, but people who couldn’t make it as actors. You know what you should do?
Joey: Oh, classy. 
Joey: Wow! Yeah I ah, I gave up a job too.
Joey: Uh, de-clawing cats. Hey, tell ya what. Let me walk you home. We’ll stop by every news stand and burn every copy of their Times and the Post.
Joey: Oh, you didn’t see the Post?
Joey: No. Why?
Joey: Oh, absolutely! You’re talented and you’re good looking.
Joey: I know! That’s why they trashed me!
Joey: Whoa. Wait a minute, wait a minute.
Joey: I, I don’t get you. I mean first, you hate me. Then you sleep with me. Then you want nothing to do with me, now you want me again.
Joey: Kate, do you even like me?
Joey: Well so, how come you blew me off? Y'know? How come you were with him?
Joey: Thanks.
Joey: (Checks to see if she’s drooling on his shirt.) Okay. Okay, okay, hey. (Lays her down and covers her with a blanket.) There we go, let’s get your feet up there. (Looks at her) Good night, Kate. Sweet dreams. (Picks up a garbage can) I’m gonna put this can right here in case you have to hurl.
Joey: (entering, happily) Hey!
Joey: Yeah! I stayed at Kate’s, but ah, nothing happened. Hey, Pheebs, where were ya?
Joey: Oh, it was great! Yeah, I-I walked her home, and it was amazing how much we connected, y'know? Then ah, then she passed out, but then she woke up. Yeah? And we stayed up all night talking, and now we’re like totally crazy about each other!
Joey: What?
Joey: You-you think?
Joey: Two brothers, one died!
Joey: Yeah?!
Joey: Sorry! Sorry, I’m late; sorry, I’m late! My duck and my chick and a fight, it-it was ugly.
Joey: (surprised it’s Lauren) (hugs her) (whispering) Where’s Kate?
Joey: (stunned) What?!
Joey: Oh, ahh, go to the window. I’m wanna run down to the truck and show you something.
Joey: (grabs the window from the outside and sticks his head in) (whispering) When is she leaving?
Joey: (making like he is yelling up to the second floor) I’m coming up!
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Wh-wh-what’s going on? Wh-what’s this about L.A.?
Joey: But, but wh-what about us?
Joey: Well, so, stay for the museums! 
Joey: Well can you at least stay to the end of the play? I mean, I’ll go to the airport with ya, I-I wanna say good bye.
Joey: (to Lauren) In a minute!!
Joey: Yeah, I guess it is. (sees Kate is watching, he turns Lauren so that he can talk directly to Kate, but still look like he is talking to Lauren) Listen, I ah, I gotta say good bye, and-and I gotta say it quick ‘cause this is killing me. One thing you gotta know, is that I will never forget you. But, you’ve got things you have to do now, and so do I. And so… I’m gonna get on this spaceship, (smoke starts pouring in from the ceiling, and a ladder comes down, with flashing, colored lights on the side of it) and I’m gonna go to Blargon 7 in search of alternative fuels. But when I return, 200 years from now, you’ll be long gone. But I won’t have aged at all. (gets on the ladder) So you tell your great-great-granddaughter to look me up, because Adrienne, baby, I’m gonna want to meet her. 
Joey: Hey, wouldn't be cool if our duck and chick had a little baby? We could call it Chuck.
Chandler and Joey: Hey.
Joey: (with a disgusted look) What was it?
Chandler and Joey: Whoa!!!
Joey: No, it's too wrinkly to be a mole.
Joey: Yeah, right.
Joey: So Pheebs, do they know about each other?
Joey: Hey.
Joey: (going over to him) Well?!
Joey: Well what is it?!
Joey: Oh! Maybe they'll name yours after you! Y'know, they'll call it, The Ross. And then people would be like, "Awww, he's got a Ross."
Joey: Whoa, that doesn't necessarily mean that he's breaking up with you.
Joey: Yeah, maybe he just cheated on you.
Joey: Or ha-ha, we could go over there and pee on them.
Joey: Whoa-whoa-whoa. What ah, what happened to playing the field?
Joey: Okay, good, so there you go. Go with Vince.
Joey: Oh sure, go with the sissy.
Joey: Oh no-no-no-no, I meant Chandler.
Joey: Whoa! For a rich guy he's got, that's a pretty small TV.
Joey: Look at this! A millionaire's checkbook.
Joey: Hi, how ya doing?
Joey: (looking at the checkbook) Wow! Look at this! He wrote a check for 50,000 dollars to Hugo Ligrens Ring Design. (Monica is stunned) Oh, sorry, what do you think the good news is?
Joey: Yeah, yeah. He’s got a, he’s got a really bad cough, and our vet, he can’t do anything about it. Is there something you can do?
Joey: Tell us!
Joey: (to Billy) So you’re the gynaecologist?
Joey: And it’s not fake, it’s totally brutal.
Joey: What? My hands are totally clean, I just gave the duck a bath.
Joey: Yeah, maybe it’s like y'know, that jock thing. Y'know how football players pat each other after touchdowns. (pats Ross on the butt) 
Joey: Yeah. What are we getting?
Joey: Yeah, or you can teach him a lesson. Y'know? What you could do is you could rub something that really smells on your butt, all right? Then, when he goes to smack ya, his hand will smell. (thinking aloud) Now what could you rub on your butt that would smell bad?
Joey: (sticking his head out the window) Hey, the fight’s starting!
Joey: (sticking his head out the window) Fight’s over!
Joey: Check it out, he’s winning! (to Monica) Pete’s winning!
Joey: No-o-o!!
Joey: Yeah, sure. Well y'know, earlier she was talking about geography.
Joey: Well, I think we all learned something.
Joey: That you’re actually 50?
Joey: Hey, Bonnie had sex there!
Joey: (walking up carrying a brown paper bag) Hey!
Joey: No, it’s just my luggage.
Chandler, Monica, and Joey: Hey!!
Joey: Woo-hoo! All right! Yeah!
Joey: Hey-hey, check out the hat!
Joey: (getting an idea) Hey, y'know what a really good rainy day game is?
Joey: I mean naked game. Strip poker, we should totally play strip poker.
Joey: Come on! When you go away, you-you have to play, it’s like a law!
Joey: Hey, you know what naked card game is never boring?
Joey: What?
Joey: Okay, all right. 
Joey: Fan out! Fan out!
Joey: (jumping in triumph) OH YES!!!!!
Joey: Yeah, well, I couldn’t find any cards, so it was either this or Strip Bag Of Old Knitting Stuff.
Joey: All right, relax. It’s just a shoe.
Joey: Fine. Gang up on me! I got you all right where I want you.
Joey: Actually, y'know it’s kinda cold, so how about I keep my boxers on, and give you all a peek at the good stuff?
Joey: We’re playing Strip Happy Days Game!
Joey: What’s the matter, Pheebs?
Joey: What?!
Joey: But I made cards!!
Joey: (to Ross) Wanna play strip poker for practice?
Joey: I’m telling ya, you guys are totally getting back together!
Joey: So let me get this straight. If you go with Bonnie tonight, you’re doing the smart, healthy thing and moving on.
Joey: Right, and you go with Rachel, Bonnie’s free tonight?
Joey: (lying on a beach towel, recapping what happened in the last episode) Okay, so we went to the beach, because Phoebe found out about this lady who knew her mom and dad, and I don’t really know what happened with that.
Joey: (voice-over) Oh, and then Monica joked that she wouldn’t go out with a guy like Chandler...
Joey: (voice-over) ...and he couldn’t let it go, and... I don’t really know what happened with that either. 
Joey: (voice-over) Oh-oh! And then Ross’s new girlfriend, Bonnie, shows up and Rachel convinced her to save her head. And then Ross and Rachel kiss, and now Ross has to choose between Rachel and the bald girl and I don’t know what happened there either... 
Joey: Y'know what, hold on, let me go get Chandler. (gets up and leaves.)
Joey: Whoa, wait, Pheebs, wait a second! Don’t you wanna stay here and talk about it?
Joey: (jumping up in a hole that he is digging, he is shoulder deep) Hey, you guys! Take a look at this! (Chandler and Monica jump up and go over to the hole.) Check this baby out, dug me a hole!
Joey: Oh no! No!! My hole!!
Joey: (climbing out of the hole) What?! What?!! What is it?!
Joey: Yeah, and I’m a little tired from digging the hole.
Joey: Well, there’s really only one thing you can do.
Joey: You’re gonna have to pee on it.
Joey: Don’t blame me, I saw it on The Discovery Channel.
Joey: If you want some privacy you can use my hole.
Joey: Me too.
Joey: No?
Joey: Sure, it’s hard to forget! But that doesn’t mean you have to talk about it! A lot of things happened on that trip that we should never, (to Chandler) ever talk about.
Joey: It’s between us and the sea, Ross!
Joey: Nope.
Chandler, Monica, and Joey: NO!!!
Joey: All right. (gets up) 
Joey: Well, we have to say something! We have to get it out! It’s eating me alive!! Monica got stung by a jellyfish.
Joey: And I was tired from digging the huge hole!
Joey: I’d seen this thing on The Discovery Channel...
Joey: That’s right I stepped up! She’s my friend and she needed help! And if I had too, I’d pee on anyone of you! Only, uhh, I couldn’t. I got the stage fright. I wanted to help, but there was too much pressure. So-so I uh, I turned to Chandler.
Joey: (laughs) That’s ‘cause sometimes I just do it through my wall to freak you out.
Joey: How many times do I have to tell you! Ya, turn and sliiiide! Y'know, turn and slide.
Joey: Look, we’re not throwing it out! I built this thing with my own hands!
Joey: All right. But, you’re gonna have to tell them. (He opens the cabinet to reveal the chick and the duck living inside with Christmas lights and a disco ball as decorations.)
Joey: Looks good, uh?
Joey: Hey, the ad alone cost 300 bucks!
Joey: What kind of profit is that?! And you call yourself an accountant.
Joey: Oh. What do you do?
Joey: What? What’s wrong?
Joey: (to Chandler) Dude, Phoebe’s mom has got a huge peni...
Joey: Well, there were a couple of calls last night, but ah, I don’t think any of them are gonna work out.
Joey: Pretty nice?
Joey: (to Peter) Good for you!!
Joey: (looking at the flyer) Yeah-eah! 200 dollar reward, split five ways!!
Joey: Uh, Pheebs, about your mom...
Joey: (pause) How’s that going?
Joey: That’s so sweet. (pause) I’m gonna get some coffee. (gets up and leaves)
Joey: This is the unit for you my friend. Sturdy construction, tons of storage compartments, some big enough to fit a grown man.
Joey: Oh yeah! I got in there myself once. My roommate bet me five bucks that I couldn’t, and then he stuck a board through the handles that locked me in. Yeah. It was funny ‘til I started feeling like I was in a coffin.
Joey: Oh yeah? (opens up the center and takes out the stereo) If I can’t, I’ll knock five bucks off the price off the unit.
Joey: Okay. (he gets in the unit and closes the door) See?! I told ya! 
Joey: Sometimes I get in here just to get away from it! Hey, a nickel!!
Joey: (still trapped in the entertainment center) WHAT?!! 
Joey: Yeah...
Joey: (getting out) Awww, man! He promised he wouldn’t take the chairs!!
Joey: Well, this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn’t think big enough to fit a grown man!
Joey: I was tryin’ to make a sale!! Oh, man, if I ever run into that guy again, do you know what I’m gonna do?
Joey: (looking through a deck of cards) Aww, man, he took the five of spades!! Oh, no-no-no, here it is!
Joey: Dude, you don’t have to brag! We got nothing here!!
Joey: Hey!! We are so in luck! Treeger said that we could have all this cool stuff from the basement. Wait right there. (Goes back into the hall)
Joey: (Returning carrying a couple of rusted lawn chairs) Huh?!
Joey: Uh-huh. This and a bunch of bubble wrap. And, some of it is not even popped! 
Joey: Just pickle.
Joey: Yeah-eh-eah! (Rachel glares at him) Oh-oh, sorry, I-I knew what he meant.
Joey: Uhhhh. (He’s not sure)
Joey: No! No. But ah, try the classifieds, people sell everything in there.
Joey: Yeah-well-yeah! Yeah-oh-yeah. Come on in.
Joey: He cut off his ear.
Joey: I’m out.
Joey: Wow! That’s pretty nice. I thought he cut off his ear ‘cause he sucked. What else you got in there?
Joey: In the woods. No wait-wait, that’s the joke answer.
Joey: Spock’s birth control.
Joey: Wow! There’s a lot I didn’t know about vomit. (The duck comes to the door of the bathroom, quacking.) (To the duck) In a minute. (The duck goes back into the bathroom.)
Joey: Twelve hundred dollars? You think I have $1200? I’m home in the middle of the day, and I got patio furniture in my living room. I guess there’s a few things you don’t get from book learnin’.
Joey: How about zero down and zero a month for a long, long time?
Joey: You wanna see what I got? (He gets up to empty out his pockets) Okay? I’ve got a baby Tootsie Roll, a movie stub, keys, a Kleenex, a rock, and an army man. Hey!
Joey: And a 50. (The salesman stops suddenly) Huh, these must be Chandler’s pants.
Joey: Oh, I-I think I’m gonna stick with the V, I wanna see how this bad boy turns out.
Joey: Wh-what’s going on?
Joey: No he doesn’t!
Joey: Well, it’s good thing you got out when you did, before she blew up like that Vesuvius.
Joey: Yeah. And speaking of volcanoes, man are they a violent igneous rock formation.
Joey: Oh yeah, lava spewing, hot ash, of course some are dormant.
Joey: Well, we can talk about something else. What do you want to talk about? Vivisection? The Vasdeferens? The Vietnam War?
Joey: Whoa-whoa, Treeger made you cry?
Joey: I’m gonna go down there and teach that guy a lesson.
Joey: All right that’s it, school is in session! (Exits and slams the door.)
Joey: Hey! You hold on pal! Now you made my friend, Rachel, cry. So now, you’re gonna go up there and apologize to her, unless you want me to call the landlord.
Joey: Have you heard about a little something called, Not Making Girls Cry.
Joey: I have actually not heard of that.
Joey: Why don’t you tell me something I don’t know! (He storms out, and once Treeger closes the door behind him, Joey makes an ‘Oops!’ have.)
Joey: Well uh, I went down there and told him that no one treats my friends like that and that he’d better come up here and apologize. I’ll see you later. (Starts to leave)
Joey: He said that he wasn’t gonna apologize because you guys are living here illegally, so instead what he’s gonna do is have you evicted—I’ll see you later.
Joey: Well he made Rachel cry!
Joey: All right! I’ll try! But if I can’t, you can stay with Chandler and I until you get settled.
Joey: All right, all right, all right. (Starts to leave, stops, and turns around) I mean I’ll have to check with him first, but I’ll think he’ll be cool with it. (Monica shoos him out.)
Joey: Please don’t kick Monica and Rachel out, this wasn’t there fault, it was mine.
Joey: No you can’t do that, where would the chick and the duck live?
Joey: Noo-no-no, no, those are nicknames. I’m the chick and Chandler is the duck.
Joey: Come on man, just-just let the girls stay, I’ll do whatever you want.
Joey: Yeah-yeah, absolutely.
Joey: What, what is it?
Joey: That’s not, prison lingo, is it?
Joey: Yeah, there’s this superintendent’s dance, the Super Ball. I don’t know, and he wants to impress Marge, this lady super that he’s a crush on.
Joey: Well, he’s too shy, he doesn’t thing he’s good enough to dance with girls yet.
Joey: Aww, man, now we won’t be bank buddies!
Joey: Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Like-like when I’m doing something exciting and I don’t wanna get too excited, I just ahh, y’know try to thing of other things like ah sandwiches, and ah baseball, and ah Chandler!
Joey: No-no, thank you.
Joey: All right, I’m here, let’s ahh, get this over with.
Joey: Whoa-whoa, don’t we need to do some kinda preparation first? Like ahh, get really drunk?
Joey: No, it’s okay, but if I’m Marge, my breasts are coming out my back.
Joey: Come on man, you’re not a potato.
Joey: Come on Treeger, don’t say that. You just ahh, you just need more practice. Here, come on, let’s ahh, let’s try it again. Come on. (they start dancing again) Plus, it was, it was probably mostly my fault, anyway. I mean, y’know, I’m not really that comfortable dancing with a—(Treeger throws him) We-he!! Hey!
Joey: Ah-ha-ha, you guys owe me big time. (He walks into the kitchen and does a little dance step on the way.)
Joey: What?
Joey: No I didn’t.
Joey: No, I’m not! And it wasn’t a hop it was a pademarie. 
Joey: All right, well maybe I’m enjoying it a little bit. I mean I’m getting pretty good at it.
Joey: Hey-hey, hold on, this isn’t some kind of like girly dance. All right, it’s like a sport, it’s manly!
Joey: All right.
Joey: I don’t know how to lead.
Joey: What?!
Joey: (To Mr. Treeger) So you ah, ready for our last practice?
Joey: Look, you wanna use our place?
Joey: We did it!!
Joey: I know, it was amazing! I mean, we totally nailed it, it was beautiful.
Joey: Oh well, okay, good luck.
Joey: Unless you wanna practice the Foxtrot again? Or-or the Tango?
Joey: Okay.
Joey: Go get ‘em Treeger.
Joey: (intrigued) Really?
Joey: No, I’m good.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Hey, I see you guys already met, huh?
Joey: Didn't I tell ya? Always showin' off.
Joey: Oh, Kath, we should get going. We're going to by hamsters.
Joey: Hey.
Joey: Yeah-yeah, I told her about the time you got drunk and fell asleep with your head in the toilet.
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Joey: Hey guys. (to Chandler) Listen uh, you wanna get some dinner with me and Kathy tonight?
Joey: It's 4:30.
Joey: Okay, I see what's going on here.
Joey: Yeah! You don't like Kathy.
Joey: Yeah, you've been avoiding her ever since we started going out. Look, I made an effort to like Janice, now I think it's your turn to make an effort to like Kathy by going out to dinner with us. Right?
Joey: Good, and hey! My treat. (He turns to go into his bedroom then stops.) But that's only because you're not eating anything, right?
Joey: Is she great or what?
Joey: (to Kathy) I'll be right back. (to Chandler) What was that?
Joey: Kathy was being really nice and you just walked away. I thought we had a deal.
Joey: I want you to like her! But if that's too damned difficult for you, then the least you can do is pretend.
Joey: Well then, do it better!
Joey: Well, that's pretty good. But you might wanna tone it down a little.
Joey: (opening the door wearing nothing but a sock, and holding a dart board over the `Little General.') Hey! (Chandler turns down the TV) Now, we're not actually gonna be sleeping in her, but do you mind?
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey: Great! All right, so I’ll call you later.
Joey: That would be Casey. We’re going out tonight.
Joey: No, things are fine with Kathy. I’m having a late dinner with her tonight, right after my early dinner with Casey.
Joey: Yeah-yeah. And the craziest thing is that I just ate a whole pizza by myself! (Laughs)
Joey: Yeah. Why are you getting so upset?
Joey: What is the big deal? It’s not like we’re exclusive.
Joey: You got all that from the back of her head?
Joey: Who’s Elaine?
Joey: (on the other end at a pay phone) Hey, it’s me. Listen Casey and I were on our way back and had a little car trouble.
Joey: We broke down on the Parkway, so I have to walk back and get some transmission fluid. And hey, listen could you please tell Kathy that I’ll be there as soon as I can.
Joey: ‘Cause I only have one quarter, and I think my time is about to—(he stops talking suddenly)
Joey: Yeah?
Joey: Me too, but I guess I do have a couple of more—(his time runs out for real)
Joey: (on phone) Hey dude, it’s me.
Joey: Listen uh, I’m really sorry, it looks like I’m gonna be stuck here for a while. I got the transmission fluid, but when I went to put it in the car, the transmission wasn’t there!
Joey: Yeah, it must’ve fallen out a few blocks back. I just figured we hit a dog.
Joey: Listen uh, could you put Kathy on, I wanna apologize.
Joey: Aww man! I can’t believe I locked myself out again! (He knocks on the door.)
Joey: (rushing in) Oh my God! What happened here? Did you do all this?
Joey: Why?
Joey: Well, you’re amazing.
Joey: (very excited) A TV as if it appears from nowhere! That’s the dream! Man, how did you afford this stuff?
Joey: Oh, you are the best friends anyone has ever had.
Joey: Oh-no-no-no, you are! You do this, you give me the great advice, and hey listen, I was thinking about what you said yesterday about focusing on one woman, I’m gonna do that.
Joey: No-no-no, I think I’m gonna see how things go with Kathy. She’s pretty cool.
Joey: No-no, Kathy.
Joey: No. No, Kathy.
Joey: Y’know what I think? I think somebody’s got a little crush on Casey. How ‘bout I fix you two up? What do you think?
Joey: Hey! Samboucha Margarita? 
Joey: Well, we only had samboucha, so it is now.
Joey: What’s up?
Joey: You do?
Joey: Well, you’re timing couldn’t be better. She’s not my girlfriend anymore.
Joey: Yeah, she broke up with me.
Joey: Just now, after acting class. At first I thought she was doing some kind of scene, that’s why I let people watch.
Joey: Well, I’ve been better. But, I’m all right. So you like her huh?
Joey: No-no-no, no it’s uh, it’s okay.
Joey: Yeah. You know why? ‘Cause you came to me first.
Joey: But hey, listen just so you know, you might have you’re work cut out for you. ‘Cause when I talked to her, I kinda got the feeling that she’s into some other guy. So…
Joey: Who?
Joey: What?
Joey: And what?! Did you sleep with her?!
Joey: What?!! That’s even worse!!
Joey: I don’t know! But it’s the same!
Joey: Who cares?! You went behind my back! I would never do that to you!
Joey: Over the line?! You-you’re-you’re so far past the line, that you-you can’t even see the line! The line is a dot to you!
Joey: Is that why you bought all this stuff?! (Chandler makes a face like "Well, kinda.") Well, y’know what I will not watch your TV, I will not listen to your stereo, and there’s a cinnamon raisin loaf in the new bread maker that I’m not gonna eat! You know why?!
Joey: Because it’s all tainted with your betrayal. From now on this apartment is empty for me! And I’m not happy about you either. (The bread maker dings) Oh, and just so you know, I made that bread for you. (Joey walks into his bedroom and slams the door.)
Joey: (answering phone) Hello.
Joey: (answering phone) Hello.
Joey: (answering phone) Stop callin’!!
Joey: All right!
Joey: Hey!
Joey: I’m sending back all this stuff that Chandler bought out of guilt.
Joey: No! I’m putting that in my room.
Joey: Back when you and Rachel were together, if Chandler had kissed her, would you hear him out?
Joey: Five years. 
Joey: Hey! Don’t do the crime if you can’t do the time.
Joey: No, was my best friend. Anyway, I don’t know why you’re pushing for him so hard. With him out of the way as my best friend, there’s a spot open.
Joey: Yeah!
Joey: What?
Joey: All right. But if you weren’t my best friend.
Joey: (entering) Hey Gunther, have you uh, have you seen Chandler?
Joey: (Something in Italian.) (Storms out.)
Joey: My folks.
Joey: I don’t know. I might stay there for a few days while I look for an apartment.
Joey: Yeah, y’know at first I thought we could talk about this y’know, work it out, but uh, seeing you two together I don’t think I…
Joey: Look, it’s not about her. Okay? But seeing you two together just reminds me of what you did. And I don’t want to live with some one who doesn’t know what it is to be a friend. So, I’ll see ya. (He starts to leave, but Chandler grabs his bag and stops him.)
Joey: Yeah! You did! And that’s why I’m leaving.
Joey: When that guy was robbing us, and I was locked in the entertainment unit for like six hours, you know what I was doing in there all that time? I was thinking about how I let you down! 
Joey: Yeah! But if would’ve know what kind of friend you were gonna turn out to be, I wouldn’t have worried about it so much! See you around!
Joey: We’ve got a box. (Motions to a large wooden box next to him.)
Joey: (coming out of the bathroom) What’s twisted?
Joey: Ewwwww!! Ew! Ew! Ew!
Joey: He’s fine!
Joey: Chandler?
Joey: Hey!
Joey: He’s doin’ some thinkin’!
Joey: You kissed my girlfriend!
Joey: That doesn’t sound like thinking to me!
Joey: Y’know I don’t think you should be talking at all in there! I think you’ve got to much thinking to do to be talking and making jokes!
Joey: All right, look! If this is just a big joke to you, then forget about it, all right?! This means something to me! And if it doesn’t mean anything to you, then you should get out of there, otherwise you’re just an idiot in a box!
Joey: So are you gonna start taking this thing seriously?
Joey: That sounds like another word to me! Are you gonna take this seriously? (There’s no response from Chandler.) Okay.
Joey: I’ll get it. (It’s Kathy.)
Joey: Hey.
Joey: That’s okay. Chandler’s the one I’m mad at.
Joey: In the box.
Joey: (starting to cry) Open the box!! (Runs over to do so.)
Joey: He can still catch her! Come on, get out of there! (He opens the box) Get out of there!
Joey: Yeah, we’re gonna be fine! Get out!
Joey: Yeah, you did some real good thinkin’ in there.
Joey: Now go! ‘Cause you can still catch her! And Merry Christmas from you’re secret Santa! (Chandler runs out and closes the door.) 
Joey: All right, who got Chandler? ‘Cause I uh, need to trade.
Joey: Uhh, that’s not them. I’m gonna go call the police.
Joey: I think I know that girl.
Joey: Oh yeah, I definitely know her.
Joey: Really. And what do you mean you never have fun anymore? You have fun with me, remember that time we saw those strippers and you paid me 50 bucks to eat that book?
Joey: Well, why do you call him Gandolf?
Joey: No, I had sex in high school.
Joey: Will you calm down, he’s just a human guy.
Joey: Really?!
Joey: All right, I’ll see you guys.
Joey: I have an audition, but I’ll definitely hook up with you later. Where are you gonna be around noon?
Joey: Okay. (leaves as the phone rings)
Joey: Hey! What are you guys doing here? I thought you’d be out partying with Gandel-worf.
Joey: So you’ve been sittin’ around here all mornin’?
Joey: So what if he didn’t come! We can still go out and party ourselves!
Joey: Well, we could do that! 
Joey: We’ll do it all, and better! Look, after tonight, Gandolf will want to party with us, dude! Come on!
Joey: Yeah!
Joey: Yeah!! 
Joey: Yeah! All right? Let’s go!
Joey: All right, so we’ll get a little coffee, and get energized, and we’ll head back out.
Joey: So, we’re having fun, right?
Joey: We don’t need that wizard guy. We hit a couple of clubs, talked to some strangers, and uh, after this, we’ll head down to the docks and see about that boat thing.
Joey: Are you serious?!
Joey: Thank God! I’m exhausted!
Joey: Yeah, but uh, I don’t want to be up too late, so uh, I’ll have a decaf. 
Joey: I can’t hear a word you’re saying, my ears are ringing so bad.
Joey: Yeah, I know.
Joey: Yeah! And I like to hang out in a quiet place where I can talk to my friends.
Joey: We’re 29, we’re not women.
Joey: Done! I did it! Heh, who’s stupid now? (He smiles and has cookie remains all over his teeth.)
Joey: Well, I know what I’m giving you for Christmas.
Joey: Ohhh!
Joey: Hey, Mon! I’m not doing anything, why don’t you fire me?
Joey: Good enough to get fired.
Joey: Hey! That must be why I got fired last week! Does this Orson Wells guy direct Burger King commercials?
Monica, Rachel, and Joey: Yes!
Joey: What are you talking about? Lots of things rhyme with Rachel. Bagel. Mail. Jail. Bail. Able. May-pole.
Joey: Sure! Where are the seats?
Joey: Now, wait a second! You make food and robots?
Joey: Yeah, lady, I do! I got a problem with that!
Joey: Oh, what are you gonna do? You’re gonna fire me?
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Joey: (checks his watch) Damn! (runs out to work)
Joey: (entering from the dining room) Hey.
Joey: Hey, what happened to your fancy chef’s jacket? (sees there’s a burn spot on it)
Joey: You got it! Oh-oh! (He starts patting the burned spot, which just happens to be over her breast.)
Joey: It’s still a tiny bit on fire there.
Joey: Yeah. Listen uh, I’d prefer it if you didn’t call me Joey. Since I don’t know anyone here, I thought it’d be cool to try out a cool work nickname.
Joey: (opening an envelope) There’s like-there’s like 300 bucks in this one!
Joey: No ma’am.
Joey: I am so-so-so sorry. I was gonna do it! Really! But I was standing there with 327 dollars in one hand and 238 dollars in the other hand, and I was thinking, "Wow! It’s been a long time since I had… (tries to do the math in his head, but can’t) 327 + 238 dollars!"
Joey: And I gotta pay rent! Look, how-how about this? You don’t fire me, instead I stay here, I gain their trust, and they’ll start listening to all the nice things I’ve been saying about you.
Joey: Well nothing yet, they really hate you and I want to fit in.
Joey: (interrupting) Hey! Chef Geller! Y’know that little speech you made the other day? Well I got a problem with it!
Joey: You bet I do! I just ah, wasn’t listening then, that’s all.
Joey: What are you gonna do? You’re gonna fire me?
Joey: Well I guess I should’ve thought about my wife and kids before I talked back to chef Geller!
Joey: Yep! Looks like it’s gonna be a leeeeean Christmas at the Dragon house this year.
Joey: (leaving) Lean-lean-lean!
Joey: (entering with Ross) Hey! You guys! Check it out, check it out! (He’s wearing a blue blazer) Guess which job I got.
Joey: Oh, ah, tour guide at the museum. Yeah, Ross got it for me.
Joey: No, not really. They give you all the information, it’s uh, it’s like memorizing a script. (Making like a tour guide) "And on your left, you have Tyrannosaurus Rex, a carnivore from the Jurassic period.
Joey: Yeah but, I can pronounce Jurassic.
Joey: You’re really thinking about having sex with your brother?!
Joey: Huh.
Joey: No, Pheebs, listen, if you decide to do this, we’ll be supportive like crazy.
Joey: Okay, now the Mastodon is from the semi-late Jurassic period.
Joey: Shhh! This is a museum, no talking. Right down here, (Motions to a fossilised dinosaur foot.) we have a large foot. (Sees Ross working in one of the display cases.) Uhh, and over here we have Ross Geller. (Knocks on the glass) Everyone wave ‘Hi’ to Ross. Ross is one of our most important scientists, look at him, hard at work. (Ross does the old "Putting a cigarette in your ear and pulling it out of your mouth trick.") Okay, moving right along. Come on.
Joey: Uhh, do you mind sitting there. I’m-I’m saving this for my friend Ross.
Joey: Doctor? Wow! I didn’t know he had a nickname.
Joey: Well, how-how come?
Joey: That’s crazy.
Joey: I-I think everybody’s pretending they don’t hear you. Anyway, look, I don’t know about you and your jackets and your separate tables, but Ross is one of my best friends, and if I save him a seat, I’m telling you, he will sit in it! (Ross enters and goes over to the white table) Ross! Ross! Over here, man! I-I saved you seat.
Joey: It’s no big deal. Hey, y’know, you do what you gotta do. Right?
Joey: Whatever.
Joey: Look, Ross, really it’s-it’s no big deal. Y’know you wear a white coat, I wear a blue blazer, if that means we can’t be friends at work, then so be it. Y’know, hey I understand. Y’know? Hey, when I’m in a play and you’re in the audience, I don’t talk to you, right? So it’s y’know, it’s uh, it’s cool. I’ll see you tomorrow. (Leaves)
Joey: (standing up) I will sit with you Dr. Geller. (He goes over to his table and they shake hands.)
Joey: (stands up, and throws his coat on the floor) I’m Joey! I’m an actor! I don’t know squat about dinosaurs!
Joey: Yeah, you hang in there Teddy!
Joey: It’s the chick! She’s…going through some changes.
Joey: Good luck. (to Monica) And I’m still right!
Joey: She’s mad because I know today’s her laundry day and that means she’s wearing her old lady underpants.
Joey: Yeah, what’s that about?
Joey: Oh yeah? Ross, how many items left in that bag?
Joey: Six.
Joey: All right, we’ll start with…apples.
Joey: Okay. Uhh, tortilla chips, yogurt.
Joey: Okay, the last thing…
Joey: No-no, not for like another two weeks.
Joey: Serious?
Joey: No! All right, who-who makes up the questions?
Joey: Huh.
Joey: I know.
Joey: Animals dressed as humans.
Joey: (to Chandler) The Irish gig guy?!
Joey: It’s All Relative.
Joey: (to Chandler) Nana?
Joey: (answering the question) Althea!
Joey: I took a shot.
Joey: Hey, no way, that rooster’s family!
Joey: What do you have against the duck?! He doesn’t make any noise!
Joey: Look, we are not gonna…
Joey: (shocked) Dah!! (Chandler motions for him to calm down.)
Joey: Oooooh!
Joey: Okay.
Joey: Big fat goalie.
Joey: Weekend at Bernie’s.
Joey: Everyday use.
Joey: Guest.
Joey: Uhh, 11!
Chandler and Joey: YEAH!!! YES!!!
Joey: I call Monica’s room!
Joey: Sure I can, standard shotgun rules, I’m sight of the room and I called it.
Joey: What?
Joey: Hey—ooh Pheebs, are they in there?
Joey: Oh wow! You can tell this soon.
Joey: What?!
Joey: You can’t just ignore the bet! It’s a bet! You bet and you bet and if you lose, you lose the bet!
Joey: Hey, don’t get mad at us! No one forced you to raise the stakes!
Joey: But it is our apartment!
Joey: Did you see the size of the closets?!
Chandler and Joey: Awwwww!! (They lean back all the way.) Awwwwwww!!!
Joey: (entering) Hey! (Goes to the fridge.)
Joey: (Holding a turkey leg) There’s gravy?
Joey: I think I left a donut up here.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: (to Ross) That-that is a good trick.
Joey: Chandler, look they’re actors. They’re there to do a job, just ‘cause they work together, doesn’t mean they’re gonna get together. I mean just ‘cause it happened with Susan Sarandon and Tim Robbins, it doesn’t mean it’s gonna happen with them.
Joey: Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman. 
Joey: Okay look, look, let me ask you a question, when they were doing it on stage, was it like really hot?
Joey: Well okay, so then you’re fine. The rule is when two actors are actually doing it off-stage all the sexual tension between them is gone. Okay? So as long as it’s hot onstage you got nothing to worry about. It’s when the heat goes away, that’s when you’re in trouble.
Joey: Look, you guys have been to every play I’ve ever been in, have I ever had chemistry on stage?
Joey: Noooo!!
Joey: Hey Mon! Want some pancakes?
Joey: Yep! Grab a plate.
Joey: No-no, stay right there. (Monica stops and Joey flips her a pancake, which flies over her head and lands in the living room.) Gettin’ closer.
Joey: Listen also we’re uh, we’re watching the game here Saturday night, if people want to come over.
Joey: Oh yeah, who’s playing?
Joey: All right Pheebs, stick out your plate!
Joey: I don’t know, it smells good.
Joey: (Holding a magazine) Wow! The new Playboy!
Joey: Come here.
Joey: Oh, yeah, totally! That’s such a turn-on!
Joey: Oh-ooh, that’s the turn-on.
Joey: Oh-oh-oh-oh, how I do it is, I look a woman up and down and say, "Hey, how you doin’?"
Joey: (to Phoebe) Hey, how you doin’?
Joey: Well, you gotta give him something that he can’t say no too. Like uh, Knicks tickets! Invite the guy to a Knicks game, you’re guaranteed he’ll say yes!
Joey: Absolutely! And if it doesn’t, can I get the extra ticket?
Joey: What the heck is that?
Joey: No! Forget her, man! You don’t need her, you don’t need that!
Joey: Dude, tell me she actually told you this.
Joey: Whoa-whoa, that-that was just a theory! There’s a lot of theories that didn’t pan out. The lone gunman. Communism. Geometry.
Joey: Okay, for next time, what do you say?
Joey: What’s ready?
Joey: I don’t know, it looks the same.
Joey: Oh yeah!
Joey: How’d it go?
Joey: Guggly worm.
Joey: Glow-pop giggly jammer.
Joey: (examining it) Ohh, a hunk of sandwich from last year. (Monica drops the sandwich)
Joey: (going over and picking up the rod) That’s all right. Hey you guys, you know what’s going to be great about the fishing trip this year? When my dad gets me out in the middle of the lake and gives me that, "Joey, what are you doing with your life?" stuff. I can say, "Well, I’m doing a movie with Charlton Heston dad. What are you doing with your life?"
Joey: Look, there’s nothing I can do for him right now, he’s still in his sweat pants, that’s still Phase One. Y'know? I’ll be back for Phase Two, I would never miss Phase Two.
Joey: Gettin’ drunk and going to a strip club. 
Joey: Which helps him get to Phase Three, picturing yourself with other women.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: (entering) Hey-hey!
Joey: Oh my God, you guys have no idea. 
Joey: Yeah, three days on the lake without a shower. Plus! I fell in that big tub of worms at the bait stand! Hey, how-how’s he doing?
Joey: (goes over to Chandler) Hey buddy! How’s it going?
Joey: (To the rest of the gang) Hey, see that? He just needed his pal to come home. All right, uh, I’ve got to go memorise my lines. (Starts to go his bedroom) Me and Charlton Heston bright and early tomorrow morning! Yeah-yeah!
Joey: (running from his bedroom) Oh my God! I overslept! I was supposed to be on the set a half an hour ago! I gotta get out of here!
Joey: Look, I know I feel asleep before I could shower and now I don’t have time! They’re just ten blocks away, if I run, I can make it.
Joey: (rushing in) Hey! Joey Tribbiani! I’m here! I’m here! 
Joey: Look at that, Charlton Heston eating a liquorice whip!
Joey: (trying to act like he’s not the one that stinks.) Whoa! Yeah, what the hell is that? What smells so bad?
Joey: Y’know, I can see why you think that, but ah, actually, you know who I think it is?
Joey: No-no, it’s uh, it’s Heston.
Joey: Yeah, the man wreaks! Smells like he went on a three day fishing trip and then ate some liquorice. 
Joey: Really, a shower huh? And uh, which-which room might that be?
Joey: Interesting.
Joey: How ya doin’?
Joey: I guess you wouldn’t believe me if I said I was Kurt Douglas, huh?
Joey: No-no-no, no, no, wait. You see, I’m an actor, Joey Tribbiani, I’m doing a scene with you today, and well, I stink.
Joey: Yeah-yeah, I’m one of the cops that won’t work with you ‘cause you a lose cannon. Anyway, look, I’m really sorry, but I stink!
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Oh no-no-no, you don’t understand…
Joey: Oh yeah, yeah.
Joey: Yes sir! Yes sir, I’m-I’m—(he starts to leave)
Joey: Yeah. Oh, yeah.
Joey: I don’t wanna.
Joey: I wanted to go to the strip club!
Joey: Yeah, all right. (Ross enters.)
Joey: Ohh, Nothing.
Joey: I know what it did! Nothing.
Joey: Like this. (Shrugs)
Joey: Sure! It flushes it.
Joey: Hey! (Sees Janice.) Ah!! (Janice screams in surprise.)
Joey: And there it is.
Joey: So what are you doing bringing her here?! There’s people here!
Joey: Yeah, try sticking it in the freezer for 20 minutes. (They all look around and then back at Joey.) I’m tellin’ ya!
Joey: Hey! What’s up?
Joey: (to Rachel) I bet I stopped listening before you did.
Joey: Dude, you’re not even man enough to order the channel that carries the sport.
Joey: Hey-hey, what’s going on?
Joey: Thanks for telling me!
Joey: Ohhhh, good one! And Yemen that actually sounds like a real country.
Joey: Nope. (To Ross) Man look at this! Ross, I can’t believe you said you’d play rugby. I mean look how brutal this is!
Joey: (pointing to the TV) Okay, Ross, look-look-look-look, look right here. That’s called a scrum, okay? It’s kinda like a huddle.
Joey: Ross! (Laughs) They’re gonna kill you!
Joey: All right, come on look, Ross can take care of himself! It’s not like he’s…Chandler!
Joey: Ross-Ross-Ross-Ross! Stay away from that guy (Points), and that guy (Points). And that one—Dude! They’re all huge!
Joey: Well, maybe that’s because you’re closer to you. So you look bigger to you from where you are.
Joey: I totally don’t know what you’re talking about.
Joey: No.
Joey: Dude, if you go back out there, you’re gonna be Dead Ross!
Joey: The Red Ross! Okay.
Joey: Yeah, sure.
Joey: Uhh, look, your eye’s still popping out a little, I’m gonna go get some ice.
Joey: Yeah?
Joey: Is it the shampoo? It’s guava.
Joey: Oh! Wait-wait! (Reaches inside the shower.) Is it my bologna sandwich?
Joey: Oh, wait-wait! (Reaches into the shower again.) Maybe it’s a pickle?!
Joey: Hey, what have you guys been up too?
Joey: Wow! You guys seem to be having a good time.
Joey: Hey that’s what all my relationships are like.
Joey: Hey, but at least you got that cool, pregnant lady glow.
Joey: Yeah, what’ going on?
Joey: Awwww!
Chandler and Joey:
Joey: What-what-what is so funny?
Joey: Now that’s a thinker.
Joey: A little salami. 
Joey: Pastrami. 
Joey: Yeah. (He goes over to her.)
Joey: Oh! I know how you can get him, take off your bra.
Joey: There was a seen in Footloose...
Joey: Yeah-yeah, yeah, with that-that uh, plumber girl…
Joey: What? Were you like in the movie, or… Anyway, she takes off her bra under her shirt and pulls it out the sleeve. Very sexy, and classy.
Joey: Welcome to America. (They both kiss.)
Joey: If you didn’t want to play, why did you come to the party?
Joey: Phoebe, what-what are you doing?!
Joey: All right look, y’know how-y’know how when you’re dating someone and you don’t want to cheat on them, unless it’s with someone really hot?
Joey: All right. Okay. Well this is the same kind of deal. If you’re going to do something wrong, (He grabs two steaks from the freezer) do it right!
Joey: Feel better now?
Joey: Hey, what if I said, I could even things out for ya, meatwise.
Joey: Well, I eat a lot of meat right?
Joey: Well, suppose until the baby’s born I laid off it. No extra animals would die, you-you’d just be eating my animals.
Joey: Absolutely! I could be a vegetarian. There’s no meat in beer, right?
Joey: Okay, time to take off the bra. (She glares at him.)
Joey: (trying not to be obvious) Take the bra off.
Joey: Oooh, what you got there?
Joey: Oh-ho-ho, yeah! Hey! Y’know what goes good with that?
Joey: Ooh, I was gonna say bologna, but that’s much better. How about a little of that smoked turkey?
Joey: (He starts looking longingly at the sandwich.) Oh mama! Uh when-when is the baby due?
Joey: Ugh. Now if a cow should die of natural causes, I can have one of those right?
Joey: (coming in from his bedroom) What is that?
Joey: Maybe he found you flip-flop.
Joey: Whoa! Is this porn? What did I do? I must’ve hit something on the remote.
Joey: No, we didn’t even pay our cable bill—maybe this is how they punish us.
Joey: Maybe we shouldn’t pay our gas bill? (Stops and thinks about what he just said.)
Joey: (to Chandler) Why would he turn off the TV? (Chandler shrugs.)
Joey: Yeah, so no one touches the remote. And no one touches the TV!
Joey: Imagine a protective porn bubble if you will, okay?
Joey: Hey.
Joey: Pheebs! You’re blocking the porn! Look out!
Joey: Yeah right.
Joey: Yeah, he likes porn.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Yeah, what were you trying to get her to do?!
Joey: You play hard to get.
Joey: Then you go to Tokyo.
Joey: Way to be strong, man!
Joey: Oh yeah, sure, that makes sense. Yeah. ‘Cause you already told her you love her and she didn’t say it back, then she called you and told you that there’s another guy, so yeah, go to London that’ll scare her!
Joey: Ross! Ross! If you’re going to the airport, could you pick me up another one of those Toblerone bars? (Chandler nods his head no.)
Joey: (pause) Nothing. No, nothing.
Joey: Hey.
Joey: Same kind of thing happened to me! Woman pizza delivery guy come over, gives me the pizza, takes the money, and leaves!
Joey: Noo! Nothing!
Joey: I think you’re right.
Joey: One.
Joey: That’s kinda nice.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Yeah!!
Joey: Wow, Pheebs! That sounds great!
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Ooh-ooh, Pheebs, you want a strong name? How about, The Hulk?
Joey: Oh, want a good name, go with Joey. Joey’s your pal. Joey’s your buddy. "Where is everybody?" "Well, they’re hanging out with Joey."
Joey: Oh well, hey, Joey’s loveable too! But the thing about Joey is, if you need him, he’ll be there.
Joey: What do ya say? What do ya say?
Joey: I knew I shouldn’t have mentioned it! That’s what I wanted to name my kid!
Joey: Hey!
Joey: No, but I’m gonna!
Joey: Oh! Oh-oh, you gotta pick Joey! I mean, name one famous person named Chandler.
Joey: Someone you didn’t make up!
Joey: Yeah, that guy really hurt us.
Joey: All right look man, I didn’t want to bring this up, but Chandler, is the stupidest name I ever heard in my life! It’s not even a name; it’s barely even a word. Okay? It’s kinda like chandelier, but it’s not! All right? It’s a stupid, stupid non-name!
Joey: I’m sorry man, I didn’t—I’m-I’m sorry. I’m sorry. (Goes over and comforts him.) 
Joey: So I guess it’s Joey then!
Joey: (answering the door.) Hey, how did you do that?! Come on in. (He brings them inside.)
Joey: Dude, I am sorry about what I said!
Joey: It’s not that bad.
Joey: So, you’re just Bing?
Joey: No way are you cool enough to pull of Clint.
Joey: See you later, Gene.
Joey: What’s up with Gene?
Joey: Nah, you’re not tall enough to be a Mark, but you might make a good Barney.
Joey: Ohh! (Realises it was all a trick to get Phoebe to name the baby Chandler.)
Joey: Are you kidding? I love that guy! (Starts singing) Morning’s here! Morning is here—
Joey: See, this is a great apartment.
Joey: Uhh, Pheebs, those are uh, those are Santa pants.
Joey: You have Knicks tickets?
Joey: (examining the tickets) Oh my God! Those are almost right on the floor!
Joey:
Joey: You’re not stupid. You’re meaner than I thought.
Joey: Yeah, you do!
Joey: Come on!
Joey: Come on, season tickets! Season tickets, do you know what that means?
Joey: Oh come—look, when I was a kid my dad’s company gave season tickets to the number one salesman every year, all right? My dad never won! Of course, he wasn’t in the sales division, but still, I never ever, ever forgot that!
Joey: Hey!
Joey: We don’t make enough fun of you already?
Joey: Oh-no, don’t try and talk all normal with that thing in your ear.
Joey: What?
Joey: All right look, Ross, he’s right. Emily’s great, she’s great! But this way too soon, you’re only gonna scare her!
Joey: No! You don’t want to wreck it, you don’t want to go to fast!
Joey: Wait-wait-wait-wait! (To Chandler) Come on! Come on, let’s trade! The timing’s perfect, I just clogged the toilet! 
Joey: Yes! Didn’t you ever read Sports Illustrated?! No! I didn’t read yours! But come on, we can go to the game tonight!
Joey: It’s the Knicks!
Joey: Whoa!
Joey: Huh.
Joey: Yeah, the Knicks rule all!
Joey: Done!
Joey: Oh. 
Joey: Ooh, we could end up with nothing.
Joey: Ooh, I like that.
Joey: Come on man, you know I’d do it for you! Because, you’re my best friend.
Joey: All right!
Joey: Okay! 
Joey: What’s the game?! What’s the game?!
Joey: Uhh, they’re tall.
Joey: Oh.
Joey: Yeah! Okay. (Joey picks a card.) Phoebe, you look, I can’t.
Joey: Okay. Okay. (He looks at the card.) Ace!
Joey: What? Ace is high! Jack, queen, king, ace!
Joey: Okay.
Joey: Uh-huh, not as high as…(picks a card) It worked! King!
Joey: Why?!
Joey: Seriously, good game though. Good game. (He tries to congratulate them, but they pull away.) (To Chandler) What are they so mad about? They get the apartment back!
Joey: Oh yeah. Hey! Should we give these shirts to the girls? Y’know, kinda like a peace offering.
Joey: Hey, want a beer? (Hands him a beer and sits down in one of the chairs.) (Jumping up.) WHOA!!!!
Joey: I don’t know.
Joey: I don’t want to move again! 
Joey: That was one good minute!
Joey: Good night.
Joey: Ross has some big thing to tell everyone.
Joey: Yeah! Yeah!
Joey: Monica and Rachel made out. (Giggles like a schoolboy and Monica glares at him.)
Joey: Hey! (Singing) Get into gear!
Joey: (happily) Okay!
Joey: (joining in, in his sleep) Joey. Joey. Joey. Joey! Joey!!
Joey: (proudly) Oh, you should here me.
Joey: Look, I told ya, I’m not going to any clinic! I don’t have a problem, you’re the one with the problem! You should go to a "Quit being a baby and leave me alone" clinic!
Joey: Yeah, they do! Quit being a baby and leave me alone! There, you’ve just had your first class!
Joey: Ohhh, yeah!
Joey: I gotta do what I gotta do, you gotta do what you gotta do, you just do it.
Joey: That’s not whipped! Whipped is wh-tcssh!
Joey: You can’t do anything!
Joey: This sucks! I didn’t know I had to stay up all night before I went to this stupid sleep clinic! I’m so tired!
Joey: Yeah, well…
Joey: Yeah, Rach, I think you’re handling that really well.
Joey: I am… (Looks in his date book.) free!
Joey: (still looking in date book) Hey! That’s the day after I stop menstruating! (They all look at him.) This isn’t mine.
Joey: Joey Tribbiani.
Joey: (sleepily) Yeah, she is. Wow! (Falls back asleep, loudly) How you doin’?
Joey: What?!
Joey: (asleep) So why don’t you give me your number?
Joey: (muffled by the mouth guard) Hey you guys! What’s happening?
Joey: (muffled) Oh, they gave it to me at the sleep clinic, and it’s gonna help me not to snore.
Joey: (takes out the mouth guard) I know I don’t have too! It tastes good. (Puts it back in.)
Joey: (muffled by the mouth guard) Dude! I am trying to sleep! (Shrugs to say, "What’s up with that?")
Joey: I know. Ross is getting married.
Joey: Everybody’s doing stuff!
Joey: (snaps his fingers) We could climb Mt. Everest!
Joey: No-no-no-no-no, I saw an ad for this video, people climb that thing everyday! We could totally do that!
Joey: Yeah!
Joey: Hey!
Joey: We’re gonna climb Mt. Everest!
Joey: We could get that Everest video though.
Joey: And while we’re down at the video store, you know what else we could rent? Die Hard! (Chandler’s excited.) Oh, y’know what? I just remembered, that Everest thing is only available through mail order.
Joey: Yeah. Yeah.
Joey: Yeah we are!
Joey: It's never gonna happen.
Joey: Don’t answer that.
Joey: Awful! Horrible!
Joey: She was nothing compared to you.
Joey: Ewwwww!
Joey: (taking apart the invitation) Hey, pretty smart! Tissue paper! You’re at the wedding, you have to cry, "Handkerchief?" "No-no, I got my invitation."
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Don’t worry man, I get to bring a guest. We’ll show him.
Joey: I knew that! (They all look at him) I sooo didn’t know that, but you should see your faces.
Joey: Heyyy. (They all try and hide their invitations.)
Joey: He broke up with Julie. Well, go hug her, for god's sakes.
Chandler and Joey: Ohhh.
Joey: Lookin' good Mr. Cotter.
Joey: It’s better! You can’t go to a museum in your underwear!
Joey: I bet we could get videos of all the sites, get a VCR in our hotel room... we'd never even have to go outside!
Joey: Oh-ho! I bet the British version is gooooood!
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Whoa-whoa-whoa! Before you start handing out wedding rings and planning bachelor parties, don’t you have to decide who your best man is gonna be?
Joey: What?! He got to do it at your first wedding!
Joey: Come on Ross! Look, I-I don’t have any brothers; I’ll never get to be a best man!
Joey: (pause) I’ll never get to be a best man!
Joey: (impatiently tapping Chandler on the shoulder) What about me?! You-you just said I could!
Joey: I can’t believe you’re not picking me.
Joey: Yes! (to Chandler) Shame about you man.
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Joey: Do you guys have like a big bowl I can borrow?
Joey: (grabs it) Thanks.
Joey: Oh, we’re having a big party tomorrow night. Later! (Starts for the door.)
Joey: Nooo, later. (Walks out the door.)
Joey: Oh, it’s Ross’s bachelor party.
Joey: Are you bachelors?
Joey: Are you strippers?
Joey: Then you’re not invited. (Starts for the door again.)
Joey: Oh-whoa, what party?
Joey: Baby shower. Wow! That sounds sooo like something I don’t want to do! Later! (Finally, he makes his exit.)
Joey: This is what I’ve got going for the party so far, liquor wise. Get a lot of liquor.
Joey: Okay, now uh, in terms of the invite list, I’ve got you, me, and Chandler and I’m gonna invite Gunther ‘cause, well, we’ve been talking about this pretty loud.
Joey: All right—oh! Listen, I know this is your party, but I’d really like to the number of museum geeks that are gonna be there.
Joey: Okay! We’ll need a six-pack of Zima.
Joey: You got it.
Joey: Well, there’s gonna be strippers there. He didn’t say anything about no strippers.
Joey: Oh, I chose not to hear that.
Joey: Yeah?
Joey: Oh-whoa-wait, Gunther don’t-don’t forget your shirt. (He gives Gunther his shirt and Gunther leaves.)
Joey: Oh, little party favours, check it out! (It’s a shirt that reads, "Ross Geller, Bachelor Bash 1998")
Joey: Oh-oh! (Shows him what’s on the back, "Best Man Joey Tribbiani, with a huge picture of him.)
Joey: Oh, hey, don’t forget your shirt.
Joey: Okay, hey, museum geeks, party’s over. Okay. Wave bye-bye to the nice lady. There you go. Back to your parent’s basement. All right. (The museum geeks exit and Joey unlocks his door and lets the chick and the duck out.) Come on boys, come on out! Here you go. All right.
Joey: Yeah!
Joey: Oh yeah-yeah. And I got the duck totally trained. Watch this. Stare at the wall. (The duck complies.) Hardly move. (The duck complies.) Be white. (The duck complies.)
Joey: Oh thanks. Thanks. It was great meetin’ ya. And listen if any of my friends gets married, or have a birthday, or a Tuesday…
Joey: Oh unless you uh, you wanna hang around.
Joey: Yeah. I’ll let you play with my duck.
Joey: Hey, (realises he doesn’t know her name.) stripper! (He notices that the ring box is open, so he picks it up, sees it’s empty and starts to panic.)
Joey: (running and banging on Chandler’s door) The stripper stole the ring!! The stripper stole the ring!! Chandler! Chandler, get up! Get up! The stripper stole the ring!
Joey: The ring is gone!
Joey: Dude, this isn’t funny! What am I gonna do?! I go to bed last night, everything’s cool! I wake up this morning, the stripper’s gone and the ring is gone!
Joey: Of course!! (Shrugs.)
Joey: Ugh! I don’t know what I’m going to do! I called the company that sent and th-they don’t care! Then I called 9-1-1 and they laughed at me, if this isn’t an emergency, then what is?
Joey: Hey…
Joey: So uh, hey, that uh, that wedding ring, huh? Man, that’s nice!
Joey: I was uh, I was thinking I might want to pick one of those babies up for myself, I might want to get one of those…
Joey: (laughs, softly) Yeah, the stripper stole it.
Joey: Dude, I screwed up, you don’t have to turn me in!
Joey: Oh, yeah, well I already did that! They said they’re gonna look into it right after they solved all the murders.
Joey: I did that too! They wouldn’t give me her real name or her number. They said, "If I bothered them again they’d call the police." I said, "If you talk to the police, you tell them I’m missing a ring!"
Joey: Look Ross, I am so-so sorry. I-I-I…
Joey: Oh, that sounds like fun, but we’ve got a ring to find!!
Joey: All right, okay, this is great, uh, Chandler, you get behind the desk. And-and when she comes in hopefully, she won’t recognise you because, well, why would she? Uh, okay, and then you buzz Ross and I. (to Ross) You be Mr. Gonzalez, and I’ll be uh, Mr. Wong.
Joey: There was a ring, in a box, on my nightstand, after you left, it was gone!
Joey: I don’t get it! It was in my room all night! And if she didn’t take it, and I didn’t take it; and you (Chandler) didn’t take it, then who did? (The duck quacks.) Shh! We’re trying to think! (Ross and Chandler realise it at the same moment and stare at Joey, who doesn’t get it. After a short pause, with the duck still quacking, Joey figures it out and starts pointing at the duck.)
Joey: If anything should happen to him…
Joey: So! Things can go wrong! You don’t know! What if he doesn’t make it?!
Joey: Yeah, but what if he doesn’t? He’s such a good duck.
Joey: I’m so worried about him, y’know?
Joey: H-h-h-how’s the duck?
Joey: Ohh, great! Oh hey, listen Ross, thanks for being so cool about this.
Joey: No, it’s not. I mean you-you made me your best man and I totally let you down!
Joey: Yeah, it is! You wouldn’t have lost the ring, right? Y’know what, Ross you were right from the start, he (Chandler) should be your best man.
Joey: Now, don’t argue with me…
Joey: Really?
Joey: (starting to cry) I gotta go check something over here. (He walks away so that they can’t see him cry.)
Joey: It’s all London, baby! Here we go. (He takes a picture of a less than enthused Chandler and starts towards the girls’ apartment.)
Joey: Yeah, in my third drawer on my dresser. You don’t want to lose that.
Joey: Ohh!! (Runs to his room.)
Joey: Woo-hoo!!
Joey: London baby!
Joey: (louder) London baby!!
Joey: Bye, Pheebs!
Joey: London baby!! (And Rachel slowly closes the door, sadly.)
Joey: Come on! Do something!
Joey: Okay, here! (Gives him the camera.) I wanna be the on camera guy. All right, first stop, Westminster Abbey. (Joey folds out his "pop-up" map of London. All of the major landmarks pop-up like in a pop-up book.)
Joey: It’s London, baby! All right, the hotel’s here. (Points to the map.) Wait. No, we wanna go… No. I know. (Sets the map down.) I’m gonna have to go into the map. (So Joey literally steps into the map.)
Joey: I got it! (Picks up the map and starts walking.) Here we go.
Joey: Shhh! (Pause) Man, you made me lose it! (He goes into the map again.)
Joey: All right! Westminster Abbey! Hands down, best Abbey I’ve ever seen. Hey! (Pushes Chandler in front of the camera.) Okay. What do you think of the Abbey, Chandler?
Joey: Really? To what?
Joey: Man, you are Westminster Crabby. (He starts chasing Chandler towards the Abbey.)
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Check this out? Huh? (Joey has this big tall hat with a British flag on the front of it.) Yeah. That’s the stuff. What do you think?
Joey: Well, I like it. Here you go. (He pays for the hat.)
Joey: Oh, I embarrass you? 
Joey: Oh yeah? (Puts the hat on.) If you’re gonna make me choose between you and the hat? I choose the hat.
Joey: Thanks.
Joey: Hey.
Joey: Oh. (Takes off the hat.) Sorry!
Joey: Me too.
Joey: Noo!! I’ve had the best day ever! Dude, check this out!
Joey: Sh-shh-shh! (He motions for her to watch something he has taped.)
Joey: (on tape) Okay, so say hi to my friend and tell him that you like the hat. 
Joey: (on tape) Oh, Chandler.
Joey: That’s Fergie baby!!
Joey: Well, I was trying to figure out how to get to Buckingham Palace, right? So, I’m in my map and-and…(Ross enters) Hey!
Joey: Wait up! (They both run to the bathroom.)
Joey: Yeah. (Pause) Hey, I hope Ross didn’t think that we just went in there because we were uncomfortable being out here!
Joey: (on phone) Hey, Pheebs! It’s Joey!
Joey: That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen, I just called to see how the chick and the duck are doing?
Joey: Kinda, but I’ve just been having way too much fun.
Joey: No, I don’t think so.
Joey: Who’s seven?
Joey: Ahh, the babies miss me?
Joey: What? You ordered pizza without me?!
Joey: Two pizzas?!
Joey: Wait, well, where did you get it from?! 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey:
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: Well, that went well. Yeah.
Joey: (To the gang) Hey, no matter what happens with Ross and Emily, we still get cake right?
Joey: Hey, what’s up? (He has solved the problem of eating the steak, he’s eating it with his hands.)
Joey: Well, I figured we’re in another country, so it doesn’t count.
Joey: (approaching) Ross, hey, the band’s ready outside for your first dance with Emily, so…
Joey: You spit on me man! (Wipes his face.)
Joey: Emily is kinda taking a long time, huh?
Joey: Hey, dude, let me in. I got a girl out here!
Joey: No you don’t, I just saw you go in there with Monica!
Joey: Look, which one of us is gonna be having sex in there, me or you?
Joey: My Giant? I love that movie!
Joey: Can I ask you something?
Joey: Felicity and I, we’re watching My Giant, and I was thinking, "I’m never gonna be as good an actor as that giant." Do you think I’m just wasting my life with this acting thing?
Joey: I mean, the giant is like five years younger than me, y’know, you think I’ll ever get there?
Joey: Thanks man. 
Joey: But what about how much taller he is than me?
Joey: I mean, there’s no way I can make myself taller now, y’know? And who knows what science will come up with in the future, but Chandler, what if I die an unsuccessful, regular sized man?
Joey: Hey, Monica, wow you’ve been in the bathroom for like a half-hour.
Joey: Had the beef-tips, huh?
Joey: Hi!
Joey: All right, I’m gonna go say hi the chick and the duck.
Joey: Why would you need to say hi to them, you’ve been feeding them for four days?
Joey: Hey, it's me! I'm comin' in!
Joey: Ahh, I'm gonna go get some chicken. Want some?
Joey: Okay.
Joey: You sure? Some extra crispy? Dirty rice? Beans?
Joey: All right!
Joey: Mornin' Pheebs!
Joey: (interrupting) Was his name Angus? (Monica and Chandler laugh.)
Joey: Oh, he was this cab driver we had in London.
Joey: Yeah-yeah-yeah, and they had that beer! That uh…
Joey: Hey, Ross, Bodington's!
Joey: That was good beer.
Joey: Y'know, I'd walk back to London for another frosty one of those bad boys.
Joey: Later! (Exits.)
Joey: (To Chandler) I bet it was about her a little.
Joey: Say that to him and you're golden. (She just glares at him.)
Joey: Hey, Pheebs!
Joey: (Jumping out of his way) See ya!! (To the girls.) What the hell was that?!
Joey: (Poking his head out.) Havin' some trouble?
Joey: I'll kick that door in if you give me a little sugar.
Joey: (In tremendous pain) All right. Good deal.
Joey: Uh, okay, Pheebs?
Joey: Umm, y'know how the other day you were talking about how you didn't get to go to London and how you were kinda feeling left out?
Joey: All right, well, we felt really bad about that so we decided we should all take a little trip together!
Joey: Yeah, all of us! All day!
Joey: Phoebe!
Joey: Mine!
Joey: Nooo, I said we needed a new plan.
Joey: Which, is the new plan!
Joey: Uh, Pheebs, you're leaking?
Joey: Okay, uh Pheebs, quick. Look! This (His video camera) is for the babies to look at someday, so is-is there anything you want to say? Y'know before it all starts?
Joey: I gotta get the before shot!
Joey: Oh! (In an announcer type voice) And so the miracle of life begins, and aaiiyyyeeee! (He grabs his side and doubles over in pain.)
Joey: Ooh, something hurts!
Joey: Are they? I didn't know I cared that much.
Joey: Oh my!
Joey: Not in my head.
Joey: (in a sexy voice) Yep! There's always room for Jell-O…
Joey: Oh, it's easy. Yeah, I-I can do it with anything. Watch uh, (snaps his fingers and in a sexy voice) Grandma's chicken salad…
Joey: (entering) Ross! Get a shot of this. (He's carrying an issue of the USA Today and hands Ross the camera.) Hey babies! These are the headlines on the day you were born! Okay, now girl baby turn away and boy babies… (Throws the paper away to reveal a copy of Playpen, which is the TV version of Playboy Magazine.) Check it out, huh?! This is what naked women looked like the month you were born. All right, now let's dive right into the good stuff. (Joey opens the magazine and Ross sticks the camera in it.)
Joey: Oh, a couple of nurses asked them out. Maybe they're with them.
Joey: Yeah, I was bummed too.
Joey: I think Saturday—(groans in pain again).
Joey: (entering from the elevator caring gifts for the kids) Hey, you guys! Look what I found in the giiiiiiift shop. (He doubles over in pain in front an old man in a wheel chair.) Get up! Get up! Get up! (The old man waves him away.)
Joey: Umm, well, what else could it be?
Joey: Or?
Joey: Well, maybe a little. I wish you hadn't seen me throw up.
Joey: (interrupting) Whoa-whoa! No-no-no-no-no, nothing is going up! Okay? Up, up is not an option—what's a urethra? (Monica whispers what it is in his ear.) Are you crazy?!
Joey: Ohh, get these things out of me!
Joey: I want the drugs Ross, I want the drugs! (He starts rocking back and forth, taking Ross with him.)
Joey: Argh!
Joey: Argh!
Joey: Oh my God.
Joey: They're so small! (Both he and Ross look at them with satisfied looks on their faces.)
Joey: Well, we were! But Ross was talking so loud on his phone they threw us out!
Joey: (to Monica and Rachel) He's talking to London!
Joey: Well no, not yet. He's calling everyone on her side of the family hoping that someone will help him get in touch with her.
Joey: Ross! Way to suck up to the family.
Joey: (entering, wearing a tux) Hey!
Joey: Don't worry, I had it dry-cleaned.
Joey: Well, I'm doing this telethon thing on TV and my agent got me a job as co-host!
Joey: A little uh, good deed for PBS and a little TV exposure, now that's the kind of math Joey likes to do!
Joey: Why don’t you like PBS, Pheebs?
Joey: I'm sorry Pheebs, I just, y'know, I just wanted to do a good deed. Like-like you did with the babies.
Joey: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What about you, having those babies for your brother? Talk about selfish!
Joey: Well, yeah, it was a really nice thing and all, but it made you feel really good right?
Joey: It made you feel good, so that makes it selfish. Look, there's no unselfish good deeds, sorry.
Joey: Well, may I ask for one example?
Joey: That's because all people are selfish.
Joey: Are you calling you people? (Chandler rolls his eyes.) Yeah, well sorry to burst that bubble, Pheebs, but selfless good deeds don't exist. Okay? And you the deal on Santa Clause right?
Joey: That he doesn't exist.
Joey: (To the pledge volunteers) How ya doin'? Welcome. Good to see ya!
Joey: That's great. But uh, I'm not really expecting a lot of calls.
Joey: But I'm the host!
Joey: You don't seem to understand. See, I was Dr. Drake Remoray.
Joey: (on phone) Hey Mon!
Joey: See, there was kind of a mix up in my agent's office, but I'm still on TV and that's good exposure. 
Joey: Oh, uh, okay, how, how about now? (He waves his hand in front of the woman next to him and you can now see his arm on TV.)
Joey: Hello New York! (The woman bats his hand out of the way.)
Joey: (in a bored voice) PBS telethon.
Joey: What?! What good is that gonna do anybody?
Joey: Now, y'know the bee probably died after he stung ya.
Joey: Hey, excuse me, would you mind switching with me?
Joey: Come on man! You've been here all day!
Joey: (in an unenthusiastic voice) PBS Telethon.
Joey: Hey Pheebs!
Joey: $200? Are you sure Pheebs? I mean, after what Sesame Street did to ya?
Joey: And you don't a little good about donating the money?
Joey: A hamster? What, those things are like 10 bucks.
Joey: Monica? What time is it?
Joey: But it's dark out.
Joey: I guess I'll get washed up then. Watch that sunrise. (He goes into the bathroom.)
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Doesn’t seem like it's going to work, I mean…
Joey: Hi!
Joey: So I'm thinking, basically we pick it up and then we flip it.
Joey: (holding a box) Well, remember when they got in that big fight and broke up and we were all stuck in her with no food or anything? Well, when Ross said Rachel at the wedding, I figured it was gonna happen again, so I hid this in here.
Joey: You don't know how long we're gonna be in here! We may have to repopulate the Earth.
Joey: Hey, you're back!
Joey: How was your conference?
Joey: Oh, so your weekend was a total bust?
Joey: Hey, you're back too!
Joey: Hey, how was your chef thing?
Joey: (sticking his head out the door) What are you guys woofing about?
Joey: Nooooo!!! Y'know what? Now that I think about it, I constantly find myself without twenties and you always have lots!
Joey: You want my advice?
Joey: You're not gonna like it.
Joey: You got married to fast.
Joey: I told ya.
Joey: Man, if anyone asked me to give up any of you, I couldn't do it.
Joey: Hi, Rach.
Joey: I-I-I don't know if this falls under this category, but uh, Ross is right back there. (Points over his shoulder.)
Joey: Hey, you're not Kip!
Joey: Who cares? You're Rachel! (To Chandler) Who's Kip?
Joey: Oh, that poor bastard.
Joey: Hey, Mr. Bing. That uh, hotel you stayed at called. Said someone left an eyelash curler in your room.
Joey: 'Cause I figured you'd hooked up with some girl and she'd left it there.
Joey: Y'know, I-I don't even feel like I know you anymore man! All right, look, I'm just gonna ask you this one time. And whatever you say, I'll believe ya. (Pause.) Were you, or were you not on a gay cruise?!
Joey: (entering) (He clears his throat to get their attention.) Hey, Rach? Sorry to interrupt but umm, Phoebe wanted me to talk to you about a trip or something.
Joey: (shocked) Oh! Ohh! Oh!!
Joey: Oohh!! Ohh! Oh-oh-oh! Oh-oh!!
Joey: Ohhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!
Joey: (To Chandler) You?! (To Monica) And-and you?!
Joey: How?! When?!
Joey: IN LONDON!!!
Joey: But it is a big deal!! I have to tell someone! 
Joey: All right! Man, this is unbelievable! I mean, it's great, but…
Joey: Aww, I don't want to see that!
Joey: I guess I'm done.
Joey: I think I'm gonna take-off.
Joey: (entering) Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!! None of that, not while you're living under my roof!
Joey: Look, just because I know about you two, doesn't mean I like looking at it.
Joey: Well, I'm sorry if I'm not a middle-aged black woman! (Starts for his room.) And I'm also sorry if sometimes I go to the wrong audition! Okay, look, if I have to pretend I don't know about you two, then you two are gonna have to pretend there's nothing to know about.
Joey: (from the bedroom) I can hear that!
Joey: I can still hear you!
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Argh-argh!! (Catches the coat.) Ooh, soft. Is this mink?
Joey: Hey, Ross, you're okay with that?
Joey: (after Ross is gone) What is he doing? What, Emily, thinks Ross's furniture has got Rachel coodies?
Joey: No! Everything's gettin' all messed up, y'know? Emily won't let Ross see Rachel, we're not gonna stop seeing Rachel, hence Ross stops seeing us!
Joey: No! But y'know, I'm an actor, I'll act cool.
Joey: I'll take it!
Joey: Ooh-ooh-ooh, yeah! (He drapes it around his shoulders.) Enh? All right, what do you think?
Joey: What's the matter Ross?
Joey: That's way uptown! That's like three trains away! (Phoebe pinches him.) Which is great! I love to ride that rail!
Joey: Now he's movin'? Man, what is Emily doing to him? (Phoebe pinches him again.) Ow!! He's not even here!!!
Joey: Uhh, like dark hair, bushy beard?
Joey: Yeah, you fogged Danny.
Joey: Dan just moved in downstairs. Yeah, he just got back from like this four-month trek in the Andes. Nice fella. 
Joey: Ohh. Hey, remember when I ran into this thing (The shutters that close off the kitchen.) and it kinda knocked me out a little?
Joey: Uhh, are you saying that you're not entirely happy about this?
Joey: You do have a choice!! Ross, why are you listening to her?! Are you, are you crazy?!
Joey: It's not right what Emily wants you to do! She is totally-(The gang enters behind Joey and Phoebe pinches him again.)-Owww!! Stop pinching me! Look, now you guys said I only had to keep my mouth shut as long as Ross was happy, right? Well he just told me that he's not entirely happy.
Joey: We all hate Emily!
Joey: Yeah!
Joey: Yes! Yes! Unreasonable!
Joey: I kinda feel like it's my fault.
Joey: Well, I'm keeping so many things to myself these days, something was bound to slip out! (He glares at Chandler.)
Joey: Look, Ross, I feel really bad. I mean, you're going through all this stuff and I just acted like a jerk.
Joey: Look, we were way out of line, we totally support you.
Joey: Hey, y'know Ross, I think I kinda understand why I kinda lost it today.
Joey: Yeah you see umm, well, I'm an actor. Right? So I gotta keep my emotions right at the surface y'know? See what I'm saying? I gotta lot of balls in the air. (Makes like he's juggling.) Y'know what I mean? It's tough! Guys like me, y'know, you wander around, you're alone…
Joey: (thinks) I'm not sure.
Joey: RACHEL PLEASE!!! JUST HAVE DINNER WITH US!!!
Joey: All right, I-I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You see Rach I'm an actor…
Joey: It's almost as if he knew.
Joey: Well uh, I don't know about who's here, but I can tell you for damn sure who's not here and that's Rachel!!
Joey: I think it's going okay. Looks like he's smiling.
Joey: You can totally tell! Here look, watch me. (He stands up and turns his back to them so that he is facing the window.) Smile! Frown. Smile! Frown. (The camera cuts to Ross outside hanging up the phone.) Smile! (Ross turns around and sees Joey alternately smiling and frowning and just stares at him for a second and heads back inside.)
Joey: What happened? What happened?
Joey: No, look. (Shows him the magazine.)
Joey: I know, I know, but look at the knobs on her.
Joey: Why?
Joey: Hey, you can stay with us! We'll take care of ya!
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Okay.
Joey: Ross?
Joey: Not a problem. And listen, hey! Since you're gonna be here for a while, why don't—I was thinking we uh, put your name on the answering machine.
Joey: Hey, all right!
Joey: (To Chandler) You're fake laughing too, right?
Joey: Hey.
Joey: Nothing.
Joey: (smiles) Kinda.
Joey: Dude, you should've gone out once and a while.
Joey: Come on, Chandler, Ross is our friend. He needs us right now, so why don't you be a grown up and come and watch some TV in the fort!
Joey: Sorry.
Joey: Ahhhhhhhhhh… 
Joey: Hey! Wanna play some foosball? Please?
Joey: No-no, no! We have to move the table into my room, yeah! 'Cause of all the boxes. Come on!
Joey: All right, I have one question. What is the deal with this? (Imitates Ross's 'quiet down' maneuver, but does move his hands up and down he just flaps his hands as if he's waving good-bye.)
Joey: No, the quiet down thing!
Joey: Um-hmm! Look, I-I-I don't know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped over my Baywatch tape with some show about bugs! My God! What if that had been porn?
Joey: All right, I guess I can hold out a little longer. Let's have a game.
Joey: YES!!
Joey: Um-hmm.
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Joey: You guys got anything to eat? I just went down to Johnos for some chicken and it was closed!
Joey: Pheebs, if this guy keeps closing down all of our favorite places, where are we gonna eat?!
Joey: Umm, yum!
Joey: Mine! (He grabs it.)
Joey: Oh that's mine too! (Grabs it and Ross looks at him.) I'm Italian!
Joey: But it's available now! Isn't it?
Joey: Hey, let's go look at it! (They both jump up.)
Joey: Okay!
Joey: Yeah!
Joey: Somebody was using his head. Hey, let's check out the rest of the place.
Joey: But hey, Ross, this place is available now!
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Oh, it's perfect!
Joey: He knew we were trying to get rid of him. He knew! (Pause.) You think we could get a bathtub in our kitchen?
Joey: Maybe, maybe we did a good thing, helping Ross get back on his feet!
Joey: Yeah!
Joey: Yeah!
Joey: I don't know. Maybe pizza?
Joey: Oh! Oh!
Joey: Hello! (Listens.) Oh yeah! (To Chandler) It's the apartment manager; Ross put us down as references. (To the apartment manager.) Ross is the greatest guy you'll ever meet! Yeah, he's very reliable.
Joey: (getting up) Dude, I'm telling ya! I'm fine! (He tries to take a step and falls flat on his face.)
Joey: Hey!
Joey: You're kidding!
Joey: But you can't stay with Phoebe, Ross! We're-we're roomies! 
Joey: Well, we got plenty of space! There-there's still some over there (Points to where the window is but sees that there isn't any space there and points towards his door.) by-by that speaker. Please, just stay!
Joey: Definitely!
Joey: All right!
Joey: Dude, stop talking crazy and make us some tea!
Joey: I need something sweet.
Joey: Ooh-ooh, I! I am thankful for this beautiful fall we've been having.
Joey: Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and blew this chick's skirt right up. Oh! Which reminds me, I'm also thankful for thongs. (Note: Actually, I think every guy is thankful for thongs. That and spandex. J )
Joey: I mean, it's not so much an underpant as it is a feat of engineering. I mean, it's amazing how much they can do with so little material! And the way they play with your mind! Is it there? Is it not there?
Joey: Oh, come on! I wanna hear it! It wouldn't be Thanksgiving without Chandler bumming us out!
Joey: Man, it must be so cool remembering stuff like that! I don't have any past life memories.
Joey: Hey, it's not like it sounds.
Joey: (muffled) Hello?
Joey: Phoebe?
Joey: Look. (He walks out of the bathroom with his head stuck in a huge turkey.)
Joey: I know! It's stuck!!!
Joey: I put it on to scare Chandler!
Joey: Well then help me get it off! Plus, it smells really bad in here.
Joey: It's Joey.
Joey: I can't! It-it's stuck!
Joey: Sorry! Sorry.
Joey: (pointing) It worked! I scared ya, I knew it! Ha-ha!
Joey: (turning all the way around, and still not facing Chandler) Yeah, you are! (Starts dancing.) I scared you!
Joey: Hey, I wasn't the only one who looked like an idiot. All right? Remember when Ross tried to say, "Butternut squash?" And it came out, "Squatternut buash?"
Joey: You're a dork.
Joey: Yeah, they're mine.
Joey: I don't know uhh… (Pause as he thinks about it.) Well, I'm Joey. Yeah, I'm disgusting, I take my underwear off in other people's homes.
Joey: (reluctantly taking them) Chandler? A word.
Joey: That's it! I'm tired of covering for you two! This has got to stop! (Realizes he still has the underwear in his hand.) Ahh! (Throws them towards Chandler's room.) And tighty-whiteys! What are you, 8?
Joey: Oh hey, no, you're not welcome. Okay, look, I hate this! You guys keep embarrassing me! (To Monica) Yesterday, Rachel found your razor in our bathroom and I didn't know what to say, so I said it was mine and-and that I was playing a woman in a play. And one thing led to another and (He puts his leg on the chair and pulls up his pants leg to reveal that he now has shaved legs.)
Joey: Yeah, it was! All right, listen, I can't…
Joey: Oh-oh, yeah-yeah, I bet all the sex makes it easier!
Joey: All right! But, (To Monica) you do it with me once.
Joey: Didn't think so.
Joey: Hey, Pheebs!
Joey: What's wrong buddy?
Joey: I'm surprised you didn't go home wearing your lunch.
Joey: So you uh, still wondering?
Joey: You're smart. I like that.
Joey: Oh no-no-no-no, wait-wait-wait!!
Joey: Hiya.
Joey: I'm Joey. I mean, I'm disgusting. I make low-budget adult films. (Points at Chandler, angrily.)
Joey: You guys promised you'd be more careful! I mean, come on! The good Joey name is being dragged through the mud here!
Joey: Well, I'm telling everyone about you! That's the only way to explain the underwear and the video camera that doesn't make me look like a pig!
Joey: Yeah, I like that. But no-no, how does that explain why Rachel found my underwear at your place?
Joey: Well, get ready to come out of the non-gay closet!
Joey: All right. Hey, but it better make me look really, really good. (Starts for his room.) Oh, and another thing, the video camera? Nice!!
Joey: Oh no-no-no! No-no-no-no-no-no-no!
Joey: No! I am not a pervert! Okay? It's just… I just… Kinda…
Joey: Thank you!
Joey: What?!! (He turns around and stares at Chandler who's silently pleading with Joey to go along with it.) No I'm not!!
Joey: No! No! I am not a sex addict!
Joey: No it isn't! No, it's not. Because you can also explain it with the truth!
Joey: (thinking) I slept with Monica.
Joey: Uh yes, but it was, we just did it once uh, in London.
Joey: Of course it's true! How else would you explain all the weird stuff that's been going on?
Joey: Ahh—oy! That was the underwear I was wearing that night in London. Right Monica?
Joey: No! If anyone's a sex addict here, it's Monica! Yeah. Yeah. She has been trying to get me back in the sack ever since London!
Joey: That makes sense!
Joey: Uhh, Monica?
Joey: But sadly I could not be enticed.
Joey: Well, I think we've all learned something about who's disgusting and who's not. Eh? All right, now, I'm going to get back to my bucket. I'm only eating the skin, so the chicken's up for grabs. (Offers it to everyone.)
Joey: 
Joey:
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: She’s a woman!
Joey: 
Joey: That part was perfect for me! I can't believe I didn't get it!
Joey: Come on Ross be realistic, y'know? If I did write something, what are the chances I could get those guys to star in it?
Joey: Wait a second, I could star in it!
Joey: I can't write! Y'know I mean I-I-I'm an actor, I don't have the discipline that takes, y'know? I can't do it.
Joey: Really? You'd-you'd do that for me?!
Joey: Thanks!
Joey: Done!
Joey: It's not.
Joey: (disappointed) Oh.
Joey: Hey, how do you spell suspicious? 
Joey: Because I think this character is going to be suspicious about stuff.
Joey: You're driving me crazy with that!
Joey: Don’t stop! Move the bowl further away! Ross could make that shot!
Joey: Well, you suck! But at least you suck at a man's game now.
Joey: Chandler, I can't be playing games, Ross is gonna be home soon. And I have to write five whole pages if I'm gonna stick to his schedule.
Joey: (jumping up) All right! But uh, listen, what do you say we crank it up a notch?
Joey: All right, all we need is a little lighter fluid. 
Joey: Yeah, I think we said good-bye to that when we invented hammer darts.
Joey: Uh yeah, right here. (He punches his fist through the wall next to the door.)
Joey: Yeah, that's the uh, game we were playing.
Joey: You're right, you're right, I'll get back to work.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: (To Chandler) I didn't finish my five pages.
Joey: Yesterday's pages did not reflect my best work.
Joey: Dude, if you think Fireball's relaxing, you've obviously have never played.
Joey: Come on look guys, don't fight.
Joey: Hey-hey guys, hey! How about we settle this over a friendly game of Fireball? Huh? I'll go unhook the smoke detectors!
Joey: Oh, y'know the same thing happened to me one time.
Joey: Don't you remember when we were jogging in the park and we saw that really pretty bird and wanted to take a picture—I didn't have my camera!
Joey: Yeah, wow, sorry Rach.
Joey: They're brother and sister!!!
Joey: (entering) Hey guys! I was at the library all morning and I already finished my five pages for today!
Joey: No dude, Ross tore up the tickets!
Joey: Yeah, well, that's fine, but the important thing is that I finished it. And uh, I think it's really good, but y'know it'd really help me is if I could hear it. So would you guys read it for me?
Joey: Okay. (Reading.) "It's a typical New York City apartment. Two guys are hanging out." Ross (Points to him.)
Joey: Oh no! No-no, keep reading! The good part's coming up. Keep going.
Joey: A handsome man enters. (Playing the part of the handsome man.) Hey! How's it going guys? I don't know what you two were talking about, but I'd like to say thanks to both of you. You, (Ross) you wouldn't let me give up on myself, and you (Chandler) well you co-created Fireball. The end.
Joey: No-no, this only took five minutes. I spent the rest of the day coming up with new, Ultimate Fireball. (Takes out a bowling ball and a propane torch.) Ha-ha!
Joey: (Reading the scene set up.) Okay, it's a typical New York City apartment. Two girls are just hanging out.
Joey: What?! Wait-wait-wait! The handsome man was about to enter!!
Joey: All right! Here we go! 1999! The year of Joey!
Joey: What's the matter?!
Joey: All right, I'll take care of it.
Joey: Ross! Ross! Ross, listen! Who are you kissing at midnight, huh? Rachel or Phoebe?
Joey: Well you gotta kiss someone, you can't kiss your sister.
Joey: Chandler.
Joey: Dude-dude, who would you rather have kiss your sister, me or Chandler?
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Okay, great!
Joey: Pheebs! Pheebs! Ross wants to kiss you at midnight!
Joey: Rach! Rach! Listen, I'm gonna kiss you at midnight.
Joey: So? Who would you rather have kiss you, me or Chandler?
Joey: Yeah!
Joey: So did that do anything for ya?
Joey: All right, my New Year's resolution is to learn how to play the guitar.
Joey: Well, y'know those special skills I have listed on my resume? I would love it would be great if one of those was true.
Joey: Really? Who-who have you taught?
Joey: Yeah that'd be great! Thanks Pheebs!
Chandler and Joey: 
Joey: Nice!! Yeah! Is that part of your resolution, your new thing for today?
Joey: You all right Chandler? Is there something funny about that name?
Joey: Oh really! Where? Somewhere funny I'd bet! (Chandler is straining to keep quiet as Phoebe enters.)
Joey: See ya! All right Pheebs, I am ready for my first lesson. 
Joey: Umm, okay.
Joey: Hey, Pheebs! Check-check this out. (Holds up his hand in one of Phoebe's chords.)
Joey: Yeah listen so, I thought I was getting better, so on my way home today I stopped by this guitar store and…
Joey: No.
Joey: Yes!
Joey: Yeah! (Chandler bangs the table in frustration.)
Joey: You look like a freak.
Joey: Well, everyone will enjoy my music as well. (Does a chord and Monica starts taking pictures of him and Phoebe. They both start to strike a pose with the excessive amount of pictures that Monica takes.)
Joey: Yes! Yes, I did.
Joey: (thinks) (quietly) G-sharp.
Joey: What?! I didn't touch a guitar!
Joey: No, I'm not questioning it, I'm saying it's stupid! (Notices Monica standing between them and smiling.) What?! (The camera clicks, taking another picture.)
Joey: Your other student, was you!
Joey: (looking in the Yellow Pages) Look, maybe I need to try a real teacher! Right here! Here! Andy Cooper, he teaches guitar and look ooh, there's a nice picture of him with a little kid and THE KID'S GOT A GUITAR!!!!!! (Storms out.)
Joey: (answering phone) Hello?
Joey: Uhh, Chandler's not here.
Joey: Okay.
Joey: Nice!
Joey: Oh. That is quite a situation. Uh, do you see any like, powder?
Joey: Good-good, okay, sprinkle some of that on your legs, it'll absorb some of the moisture and then you can get your pants back up.
Joey: Umm, do you see any—oh, Vaseline? 
Joey: Yeah, sure, spread some of that on there.
Joey: Ross? You okay?
Joey: Really?! Uhh, what color is it?
Joey: Well, I'm just—if the paste matches the pants, you can make yourself a pair of paste pants and she won't know the difference!
Joey: (To Ross) Uh, Rachel's here, so good luck man, let me know how it works out. (He hangs up the phone and strands Ross in the bathroom.)
Joey: Oh well, you're timing couldn't be better. I am putting out fires all over the place.
Joey: What-what is it, what is it?
Joey: Oh no, no-no-no-no! I don't want to know!
Joey: I don't care, Rach! Look, I am tired of being the guy who knows all the secrets but can't tell anyone!
Joey: And you're not supposed to be gossiping!! 
Joey: I'm not listening to you!
Joey: Hey, Pheebs?
Joey: Look, Pheebs, I just, I wanna apologize for, for saying that your method was stupid and-and maybe ask you to be my teacher again. And-and I promise, I won't touch a guitar until you say I'm ready. (After a short pause she hands him her guitar.) You really think I'm ready?
Joey: Wow! Cool! (He takes the guitar, stands up, and goes to play a note. However, while strumming it, he knocks it out of his hands and it bounces off the table and lands on the floor. Phoebe just stares at the guitar.)
Joey: (sitting back down) Was the chord at least right…
Joey: Howdy partner!
Joey: Umm?
Joey: Oh, no! (Starts that screaming thing again. Rachel stops him by pulling his fingers out of his ears.)
Joey: Well, then it wouldn't be a secret. So yeah, that would be okay. Yeah. Yeah!
Joey: Now? You want me to go over there now?
Joey: Do you know something?
Joey: I might know something.
Joey: What's the thing you know?
Joey: I can't tell you what I know.
Joey: Okay, fine.
Joey: You don't know!
Joey: (gasps) YOU KNOW!!!!
Joey: Yeah, I know!!!!
Joey: Too long! Oh my God, Rach, I've been dying to talk to someone about this for so long! Listen, listen, we can't say anything about this to anybody, they're so weird about that! Listen… (Phoebe returns and interrupts them.)
Joey: Oh, I am going to go for a walk in the rain.
Joey: Rach, I told you everything I knew last night! Look, it's not that big of a deal, so Monica and Chandler are doing it.
Joey: Sorry. Monica and Chandler are making love.
Joey: (thinks) I don't know.
Joey: I don't know.
Joey: (thinks) I don't know.
Joey: Ohh, I know one thing!
Joey: They did it right there on the couch. 
Joey: Hey Ross!
Joey: (eyeing the flattened scone) Anybody gonna eat that?
Joey: (entering from his room) All right! Everybody ready to go to the movies?
Joey: Really?
Joey: Oh. Are you sure you don't want to come? Tom Hanks, Meg Ryan, they get mail and stuff.
Joey: All right, let's go Pheebs.
Joey: Maybe we should check the trash chute.
Joey: That's right, he almost could. Which is exactly how I got stuck there.
Joey: (snaps his fingers) He hooked up! He hooked up with someone.
Joey: He hooked up!! Tell us about her!
Joey: All right, hold on! Hold on. Hold on. This is Ross, okay? He's our friend. He obviously went crazy. He obviously lost his mind.
Joey: Phoebe! Don't put ideas in his head!
Joey: Damnit Phoebe!!
Joey: All right, put your 20 bucks down. First one to find the tasty treat wins. Okay?
Joey: All right. Let's get the contestants out of their isolation booths. (He removes the waste bucket that's over the duck and the laundry basket that's over the chicken.) And they're off! (He puts his foot in front of the chick, stopping it from moving.)
Joey: Judge rules, no violation.
Joey: Yeah!
Joey: What?!
Joey: And the duck gets the Nutter-Butter!
Joey: Judge rules, Nutter-Butter.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: (entering) Hey Rach! Hey, you mind if I read my comic books in here?
Joey: Oh well, Chandler and Monica are over there and it's kinda hard to concentrate.
Joey: Umm, hi.
Joey: Chandler, if it really hurts that bad you should just tell her.
Joey: Whoa, dude, look out! You almost crushed my hat! (He picks a hat up from the floor. It's one of those magician stovepipe hats.)
Joey: Oh! Yeah, look there's this play all right? And I'm up for the part of this real cool like suave international guy. A real clothes horse. So I figure that everyone at the audition is gonna be wearing this kinda y'know, ultra-hip, high fashion stuff.
Joey: Yeah, like you could find something as sophisticated as this.
Joey: Great! Thanks, Rach!
Joey: All right. 
Joey: Are you all right?
Joey: Pheebs! Sorry!
Joey: Pheebs, I'm so sorry.
Joey: All right, then you'd better show me some of that too then.
Joey: Really? A purse?
Joey: It looks like a women's purse.
Joey: See look, women, carrying the bag. (He puts it on his shoulder and looks at himself in the mirror and likes what he sees.) But it is odd how a women's purse looks good on me, a man.
Joey: Maybe you need sex. I had sex a couple days ago.
Joey: Well, I ain't gonna say no to that.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical too. Check it out! It's got compartments for all your stuff! Your wallet! Your keys! Your address book!
Joey: Yeah, but sandwich time is right now. (Removes a sandwich and starts eating.)
Joey: Why would I return it? I love this bag!
Joey: Fine! Do you take Vasa or Mustercard? (He's holding the fake credit cards that come with the bag.)
Joey: All right relax, look I'll pay you with the money from the acting job I am definitely gonna get thanks to you.
Joey: U-N-I-sexy? (Smiles provocatively.) 
Joey: Hey Pheebs, I'm so sorry.
Joey: Here, I brought you some flowers. (He pulls them out of the bag.)
Joey: (approaches, wearing his glasses) Hey you guys, check it out. Check it out. (Moves his hand towards and away from his face.) It's like it's coming right at me. (Chandler helps out a little bit by pushing on Joey's arm, which causes his hand to slap him in his face.)
Joey: What did you say to him?
Joey: (entering, with bag) Hey! I'm off to my audition. How do I look?
Joey: Y'know what? Make fun all you want. This is a great bag! Okay? And it's as handy as it is becoming. Now, just because you don't understand something, doesn't make it wrong. All right? So from now on you guys are gonna have to get used to the fact that Joey, (pats the bag) comes with a bag! (Exits.)
Joey: (reading from the script) Well, you must be new here. Why don't we get a table and I'll buy you a drink.
Joey: Yeah, sure. (He takes it off and starts reading.) Well, you must be new here. Maybe we should—I'm sorry, can I ask you something? (He stops and asks a question.)
Joey: Well, first it's not a purse.
Joey: I mean if-if you're thinking it's a woman's bag, it's not. It's a man's bag!
Joey: All right look, let me show you the catalog! (Does so.) See? Huh? It's the latest thing! Everyone's got one! Men! Women! Children! Everyone's carrying them!
Joey: Noooo. No-no-no, these babies sell themselves.
Joey: Yeah but I didn’t read anything.
Joey: Okay! All right, I'll see ya. (As he's walking off stage.) (Patting the bag.) We got it! We got it!
Joey: (dejected) Hi.
Joey: Estelle said I didn't get it. (Sits down next to Rachel on the couch.)
Joey: Yeah, I thought so too but, she said the casting people had some problems with me.
Joey: Well to tell you the truth, they uh, (Pause) they had a problem with the bag!
Joey: Y'know what? It was a stupid play anyway!
Joey: I don't wanna give up the bag. I don't have to give up the bag! Do I Rach? (She's avoiding his eyes.) Oh, you think I should give up the bag!
Joey: I can't believe I'm hearing this!
Joey: Hey, yeah! Then we could do that telephone thing! Y'know, you have a can, we have a can and it's connected by a string!
Joey: (entering) Hey guys!
Joey: What? What?
Joey: You mean how they're friends and nothing more? (Glares at Rachel.)
Joey: Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
Joey: No-no-no! No-no wait Rach, you know what would even be more fun? Telling them.
Joey: I can't take any…
Joey: Noo! I can't take any more secrets! (To Rachel) I've got your secrets. I've got their secrets. I got secrets of my own y'know!
Joey: Oh yeah? Well, you don't know about Hugsy, my bedtime penguin pal. (Joey shies away.)
Joey: Ugh.
Joey: Yeah?
Joey: Well I didn't tell them!
Joey: Uhhh, Phoebe and Joey.
Joey: And Rachel. I would've told you but they made me promise not to tell!
Joey: I'm sorry! But hey, it's over now, right? Because you can tell them that you know they know and I can go back to knowing absolutely nothing!
Joey: No! Not unless! Look this must end now!
Joey: I'm listening.
Joey: So he likes to break stuff.
Joey: Yeah, poor cat, never saw that big butt coming.
Joey: No.
Joey: They know you know.
Joey: I couldn't even if I wanted too.
Joey: (looking out the window) Hey-hey, check it out! Check it out! Ugly Naked Guy has a naked friend!
Joey: (entering the hall) Oh man! Aren't you guys done yet?! I wanna sit in my chair!
Joey: Ooh!
Joey: I like that! (To Phoebe) Oh, okay! Show him your bra! He's afraid of bras! Can't work 'em! (He swiftly rips open the front of Phoebe's dress revealing her bra.)
Joey: It's not my first time.
Joey: Dude!
Joey: All right! So that's it! It's over! Everybody knows!
Joey: (panicking) Dude! He's right there!
Joey: Okay, all right, whew! What do you say we all clear out of here and let these two lovebirds get back down to business? (Ross turns and glares at him.) Hey-hey-hey, I-I-I'm just talking here, he-he's the one doing your sister.
Joey: (quickly) I call Godfather!
Joey: Sure, if you cared enough to call it first.
Joey: (to her) Oh, hey Katie! Everyone, this is Katie.
Joey: So, are you ready to go?
Joey: Oh sure, right back there. (Points.)
Joey: I was thinking Chinese food.
Joey: I don't know. I mean I like her a lot, and she's really nice, but…
Joey: (shyly) She keeps punching me.
Joey: Hey, it's a lot harder than it looks! Okay? (Quietly) She-she-she's hurting me.
Joey: (sets the coffee down) Y'know, breadstick fangs are always funny.
Joey: Uhh, look Katie, uh listen, we-we need to talk. Okay? Umm, look I like you. I-I really do, I like you a lot. Okay? But sometimes when you, when you playfully punch me like that it-it feels like someone's hitting me with a very tiny but very real bat.
Ross and Joey:
Joey: No-no.
Joey: Yeah, big!
Joey: Uh-oh, shht! The Misses.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Thanks! I've been working out. Hey listen, is it obvious that I'm wearing six sweaters?
Joey: Well look, I’m breaking up with Katie so I had to put on some extra padding. Y'know? I mean, if she hits me when she's happy, can you imagine how hard she's gonna hit me when I tell her I'm taking away the Joey love?
Joey: Hey! Hiya!
Joey: Huh.
Joey: Uhh….
Joey: Nah.
Joey: What a bad idea!
Joey: She's right y'know.
Joey: Hey Ross, will you pass me that knife?
Joey: Oh, it's okay. You don't have to be so mean about it.
Joey: That's not funny at all!
Joey: Hey!
Joey: What are you guys doing up?
Joey: (thinks) Dark red.
Joey: Aww, you guys are so cute!
Joey: All right, I'll see you in the morning.
Dream Joey:
Dream Joey:
Dream Joey:
Joey: (entering) Hey, you guys!
Joey: (To Monica) Hey. That uh, that my sweatshirt?
Joey: Well uh, it's just that uh, y'know if-if you're gonna be wearing someone's sweatshirt shouldn't it be your boyfriends--and I’m not him.
Joey: No-no! No! I mean it's gonna be all smelling like Monica!
Joey: No! No, you smell like a meadow. (Pause.) I'm sorry. (Runs to the bathroom.)
Joey: (To Phoebe) Hey! (Sees that Monica's there.) Oh.
Joey: Yeah, I didn’t know you guys were going to be here.
Joey: (backing away) What?! Why?!
Joey: Nothing!
Joey: All right! There is something. I kinda had a dream, (pause) but I don't want to talk about it. (Starts for his room.)
Joey: Well, it involved Monica.
Joey: Don't worry, there wasn't any sex in it or anything. I haven't dreamt about her like that since I found out about you two--ish. 
Joey: Well, okay. You were my girlfriend and we were doing the crossword puzzle. Y'know like you guys were doing last night. So, that's it. I'm in love with Monica and I'll be moving out.
Joey: It-it doesn’t?
Joey: That kinda sounds like your dream dude.
Joey: In the dream I did enjoy the closeness.
Joey: (looks at her) Not really.
Joey: No, I don't think it's just about just getting a girlfriend. Y'know? I mean, yeah, I can get a girlfriend! Yeah, we could sit in the chair and do crosswords, but y'know are we ever going to have y'know the closeness like-like you guys have?
Joey: Friends first? That's interesting.
Joey: No, never done that either.
Joey: (in a sexy voice) How you doin'?
Joey: Oh, I'd love too, but I got acting class. But y'know what? I guess I can blow that off, (In a sexy voice) for you.
Joey: Uh, hey, Rach let me ask you something. Uh, I was just over there talking to Monica and Chandler, boy they are really tight.
Joey: Yeah that's not such a bad situation they got going over there. I'm thinking of getting me one of those.
Joey: Well, the reason I think Monica and Chandler are so great…
Joey: …is because they were friends first. Y'know? So I asked myself, "Who are my friends?" You and Phoebe, and I saw you first. So…
Joey: I'm saying maybe you and I crank it up a notch.
Joey: I'll treat you real nice. (Pulls out a chair for her.)
Joey: Won't-won't that take longer?
Joey: Yeah. I understand. I understand. (Pause) Man, I wish I saw Phoebe first!
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Joey: Yeah, yeah, I met this woman. (Starts for his room.)
Joey: Uhh, well, she's…really good in bed.
Joey: (To Rachel) Well look, hey, it's all your fault!
Joey: Well because you didn't give me advice! No! You gave me a pickup line! As soon as I told her I wanted to y'know, build a foundation and be friends first. I suddenly, through no fault of my own, became irresistible to her! (Pause) And her roommate!
Joey: Closeness-shmoshness! There was three of us for crying out loud!
Joey: (entering) All right! Hey, who wants pizza?!
Joey: (taking a bite) Oh, great! Can you believe I found it on the second floor? 
Phoebe and Joey:
Joey: Uhh, just a minute officer!! 
Chandler and Joey:
Joey: Boy, that guy's underwear sucks!
Joey: I got this pair marked excess, I gotta tell ya, there was no room for excess anything in there.
Joey: That's right Ross, I can see you in your new apartment! And you can see me! Same as yesterday, (To Monica) same as the day before.
Joey: Nope. Op, wait! There he goes. 
Joey: (waving) Very funny Ross! Very life-like and funny. Okay. (Notices that a woman is waving back.) Oh no-no-no, I wasn't waving at you lady. (She just stares at him.) (Joey sees how beautiful she is.) Whoa, maybe I was! Hey, Monica, this totally hot girl in Ross's building is flirting with me.
Joey: Yeah, I-I-I'm down with that. (He turns back to the woman.) Okay, here goes. (Thinks.) How (Holds up his hand like an Indian) you (Points at her) a-doin'? (Does a little twisting motion with both hands and ends up pointing at her, he then winks. She smiles and waves again.) (To Monica) It worked! She's waving me over. (Towards the woman.) Okay, I-I-I'll be right over. Let's see, she's on the third floor…
Joey: Tell me about it, huh? (Realizes that she can see Monica.) Oh no-no-no, I'm not with her, she's just Monica! (He pantomimes that out.) Ewwuck! (He pushes Monica away and makes a disgusted face.)
Joey: This is your place?
Joey: But I counted, you're not supposed to live here! Oh man! (Runs away.)
Joey: Ugh!!
Joey: I ended up at Ross's place. Oh, I musta missed counted or something. (Looks out the window.) Damn! She's not there anymore. Oh, l-l-look, Ross is doing his 'Watching TV' bit. (We see Ross sitting on the couch and flipping through the channels on his remote.)
Joey: Did you tell the guy you wanted to have sex with his wife and then fall right out of your chair?
Joey: What happened?
Joey: You kissed him?!
Joey: I bet that kiss isn't looking like such a big mistake now, is it?
Joey: Yeah! (Chandler makes a noise) No?
Joey: Oh Rachel look, don't say that, I think you just need a hug from Joey. Come on. Come on. (She hugs him and Joey looks out the window.) She's back! Hot girl's back!
Joey: No, in Ross's building! (He throws Rachel onto the chair and heads to the window.) She's back! She's back! (Pantomimes) Okay, wait there, I'll be over in a second. (He counts where she is again.) Got it! (Runs out and does a little hot over a chair.)
Joey: Damnit!! Did you move?!
Joey: (Looking around) Uhh do you happen to have a hot girl in there?
Joey: Yeah. Sorry about that. (He walks away and knocks on the next door which is answered by a little girl.) Oh, hey little girl. Uhh, is-is your mommy, or sister, or babysitter by any chance a hot girl?
Joey: Later! (He runs away down the hall and hides behind a corner to a whole other corridor.) Oh man! (Walks down the hallway in desperation.) Hot girl! Hot girl!!
Joey: (entering) Hey guys! (Sees their state of undress) What 'cha been doin'? (Has a silly grin.)
Joey: I don't know. But I can see through your sheet. (He looks out the window.) Yeah, yeah, that's her. But y'know what? Doesn't matter, I'm never gonna get to meet her anyway.
Joey: Because it's impossible to find her apartment! She lives in some like of hot girl parallel universe, or something.
Joey: No. No. No. She lives on the third floor, eighth apartment from the left.
Joey: I did not know that! Thank you Monica. (Starts to leave) I can't believe I almost lost another girl because of counting.
Joey: Dahhhhh!! (Ross has a puzzled look on his face.) No! Noooo!! (Storms off.)
Joey: Okay, pick a card.
Joey: All right now, memorize it. (Pause) You got it?
Joey: (holding up the Queen of Clubs) Is that your card? (He winks and smiles.)
Joey: (reading the card) Whoa! This guy is like the biggest commercial casting director in town! (Ross gasps) Ben takes one lousy walk in the park and gets an audition!! (Ross and Carol stare at him, then Joey realizes what he just said.) I mean, way to go Ben! (Gives Ben the thumbs up, which Ben returns.) Man! I've been in that park a million times and no one offered me an audition.
Joey: I'm always on the swings! What am I doing wrong?!
Joey: Luck!
Joey: Whoa-whoa, but her birthday isn't like for another month.
Joey: Ross!! We're having a surprise party for Rachel!!
Joey: Done.
Joey: They're gonna do it together.
Joey: What, so I gotta shut it down now?
Joey: Whoa-whoa dad? There's a dad in the commercial?
Joey: Whoa, hey, maybe I'll go down there with ya and see if I can get an audition to play the dad. I mean who better to play Ben's father than his godfather.
Joey: What?! Are you kidding?!
Joey: All right!
Joey: Hey! I'm in, they're gonna let me audition!
Joey: I know! I know! It turns out that one of the casting ladies has actually seen me in a play, so I steered clear of her…
Joey: Oh yeah, yeah! He's done tons of commercials. I've seen him in like Sugar Smacks, Playstation, and that one for the phone company. In fact he was so good in that one, he actually convinced me to switch phone companies. Chandler was mad….
Joey: That's great. Listen, wouldn't it be great though if I got to play Ben's dad?
Joey: I look more like him than you do! (He winks at Carol.)
Joey: (also downtrodden) Yeah, I had to teach Ross my bit because I actually didn't get a callback.
Joey: (Happily) Yeah I did!
Joey: Well, unfortunately, I don't get many callbacks so…
Joey: Who knows?
Joey: Oh this is great! I might actually get to play Ben's dad!
Joey: Man, this is gonna be kinda weird.
Joey: Hey Pheebs! (To the guys) Hey!
Joey: Ross good, I'm uh glad you're here. I wanna talk to you about something.
Joey: Well, I've been thinking about this whole commercial thing, y'know me going up against Ben, the two of us competing, and that can't lead to anything good. So, I think I'm just gonna step aside. I'm gonna tell them that I won't audition.
Joey: That's it? You're-you're gonna let me do this?! This-this is my career we're talking about here!
Joey: I just said that so you wouldn't let Ben do it! Look Ross, if anyone should step aside it should be Ben!
Joey: What? Chandler! Tell 'em!
Joey: At least I care about his feelings!
Joey: Do you know how hard this is gonna be on him when he doesn’t get it?
Joey: Oh, come on! Have you seen what my kid can do?! Huh?! I mean he dials phones! He-he-he eats tortilla chips! He-he plays soccer with the cartoon tiger!
Joey: You just give him a spoon baby!
Joey: Yeah! Because this commercial belongs to me and Mitch!
Joey: Yeah?! So's yours!
Joey: Hmmm, soup! (Tries again.) Hmm soup! (Tries again, with a little caveman thrown in.) Hmm, soup!
Joey: Oh yeah, no problem.
Joey: (goes over to Ben) Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya, it's no picnic. There's tons of rejection. No stability. One day you're Dr. Drake Remoray, the next day you're eating ketchup right out of the bottle.
Joey: (angrily) Ross!
Joey: Hi!
Joey: Uh-oh.
Joey: Well this is noodle soup and uh, I've been working with tomato. But that's okay, no problem. No problem. Hmm, noodle soup.
Joey: Oh, what did I say?
Joey: How's that different? (She looks at him until he gets it.) Oh! Yeah!
Joey: Hmm, noodle soup.
Joey: Okay.
Joey: Hmm, soup. (Pause.) I mean, noodle soup. I mean soup!
Joey: No! No! I-I can do it one more time! See? Look! (Eats another spoonful) Hmm, noodle soup. Damnit! (Storms out.)
Joey: Hey.
Joey: Yeah right! (Gets up for a refill to his snow cone.)
Joey: Yeah? Well look Ross, you don't have to. Okay? It's not your fault I suck. I mean what kind of an actor can't even say, "Hmm, noodle soup." (Nods his head in disgust.)
Joey: What you do mean?
Joey: Wait-whoa-whoa, you lost me.
Joey: Well, you're way sounds a lot better than mine. (Thinks about it.) Yeah. Yeah! It's not that I'm a bad actor…
Joey: No, it's just ah, I care so damn much about little Ben that uh, it was more important to see him succeed.
Joey: Thank you! So, did-did he get it?
Joey: Eh, what are you gonna do?
Joey: (entering, with his grandmother) Hey everybody, look who's here! You remember my grandmother!
Joey: Chandler, she doesn't understand a word of English.
Joey: She's my biggest fan. Yeah, she's the only one in the family that's believed in me. 
Joey: Yeah, I uh weighted like 27 pounds when I was born so…
Joey: Wow Pheebs, you speak Italian?
Joey: Okay, see that blind guy right there? I'm gonna bash his head in later.
Joey: Oh umm, my big scene is coming up. Big scene coming up.
Joey: (walking past) True story! (Goes and sits down.)
Joey: Okay, here's my big scene. My big scene's here! (They have two of the cops on the street, then they cut to where they're entering an apartment.) Oh my God.
Joey: (smiling) Okay, everybody just keep smiling. It'll kill my grandmother if she finds out.
Joey: (smiling) Oh, they cut me out of the show.
Joey: (smiling) Not likely.  'Cause you see that body bag right there
Joey: (smiling) I'm in it.
Joey: (smiling) I don't know. This little, old lady lives for my career. When they dumped me off of Days of Our Lives she almost died.
Joey: (smiling) No, smile! Not that face, smile! Everybody smile! (They all smile.)
Joey: Soon, soon, I'm gonna be on soon. There I am! (Points to the screen, of course it isn't him.)
Joey: No-no-no, that-that's me, that's me.
Joey: (To Ross in the kitchen) All right, it's another commercial; I still haven't told her!
Joey: I know, I know! What am I going to do? (Thinks) Ooh!
Joey: (dejected) Yeah, all right. (Thinks of something.) Ooh! (He quickly runs out before anyone can stop him.)
Joey: (entering) Hey! Is the show still on?
Joey: (says hi to his grandma) Look! Oh! (Pointing out the window.) Is that the Pope?! (Chandler and his grandma turn to look and Joey slips a tape into the VCR.)
Joey: Oh, here I am, here's my big scene!
Joey: (on the tape) All right back off! I gotta gun! I'm not afraid to use it!
Joey: That's right!
Joey: (on the tape) Now, I wanna a suitcase filled with 100,000 dollars. (The duck quacks, to the duck) Choo! Choo! Choo! (To the imaginary cops) Filled with $100,000 in small bills, and if I don't get it…(the duck quacks louder) Choo!! And if I don't get it, (pause, picks up the duck) I'm gonna shoot this duck!
Joey: (on the tape) I'm comin' out! (He opens the door and hops out pointing the gun in all directions and then runs out of view.)
Joey: (to his grandmother) That's uh, scenes from next week's show. Next week's!
Joey: Oh, yeah, good idea.
Joey: Ooh, Ross, look! Look! (Points behind Ross.)
Joey: Right over there! Right there! Look-look-look!
Joey: (to the rest of the gang) Somebody help me out here!
Joey: You got to go on a ride along?!
Joey: I want to go on a ride along!
Joey: (returning from a deli) Okay, I got it! This place makes the best sandwich in the world!
Joey: Oh-ho, yeah!
Joey: Yep!
Joey: (dejected) Yeah okay. (To Chandler) Even though my tax dollars paid for this car.
Joey: Yeah, okay.
Joey: Did I say you could smell it?!
Joey: Half the taste is in the smell! You-you're sucking up all the tastiness!
Joey: Okay, imagine the best sex you've ever had.
Joey: Are you thinking about Monica?
Joey: Yeah, what's that like?
Joey: Come on man! (To Gary) Listen so uh, are you gonna squeeze the perps shoes a little bit before he lawyers up?
Joey: Oh what? Like your Mr. Cop!
Joey: Yeah, what's up with that Serpico?
Joey: Is everything okay?
Joey: (To Ross) You okay man?
Joey: Hi.
Joey: Yeah, I didn't know that.
Ross and Joey:
Joey: Cut it out Ross! I hate to have to save your life and kick your ass in the same day!
Joey: Dude! How come you took off? 
Joey: Is something wrong?
Joey: Okay.
Joey: That's what this is about! Oh my God, you hate Ross!
Joey: Of course you do! I saved him! You're mad at me! It all adds up! You want Ross out of the picture.
Joey: I don't know, but I don't like what I'm hearing!
Joey: Ohh, you're upset because you think I chose Ross over you! No! I…knew…you could take care of yourself. Y'know, I mean Ross, he need help. He's not street like us!
Joey: Well, no, not exactly! All right, look, I, I wasn't trying to save Ross. Okay? My sandwich was next to Ross. All right? I was, I was trying to save my sandwich.
Joey: I know it doesn't make much sense…
Joey: Look Chandler, it was instinct! Okay? I just went for it!
Joey: I know it sounds crazy, but Chandler this is (Goes and picks up the sandwich) the greatest sandwich in the world!
Joey: No! I would never do that! You-you're like my brother!
Joey: Yeah! In fact, to prove how much you mean to me, (He unwraps the sandwich and holds it out for Chandler) here.
Joey: No, eh, oh-oi, easy, it's not a hot dog!
Joey: How good is that?
Joey: See?
Joey: Oh-whoa-hey, dude, what are you doing?!
Joey: Yeah. With a bite! (Takes back the sandwich.) Gee-e-e-eez!
Joey: Yeah, hero sandwiches. (Points at Ross who points back.)
Joey: Hey Ross, is uh, is Staten Island really an island?
Joey: Ohhh. I thought it was like Long Island.
Joey: Hey, what time is it?
Joey: Wow! You realize that we've been throwing this ball, without dropping it, for like an hour?
Joey: Yeah. I realized it about a half-hour ago but I didn't want to say anything 'cause I didn't want to jinx it.
Joey: Oh, I-I, I think that's the first time I ever missed a meal! (Checks his pants.) Yeah, my pants are a little loose!
Joey: Hey!
Joey: What the hell is that?!!
Joey: That, is not a cat! {I have to agree with Joey on this one.}
Joey: It's not a cat!
Joey: It's not a cat!
Joey: Uhh, the ball thing.
Joey: Hey Ross, wouldn't it be great if we could go two straight hours without dropping it?!
Joey: Okay!
Joey: (catches the ball) Uh-oh.
Joey: I have to pee. And Rachel's in the bathroom!
Joey: Man, I didn't think we were gonna make it!
Joey: Maybe this should be more of a quiet game.
Joey: Hi!
Joey: I don't know.
Joey: Oh, I don't know…. Yeah, can't do it.
Joey: Yeah, we haven't dropped it in… (Looks to Ross.)
Joey: Oh, don't worry, it's not a cat.
Joey: That's right baby.
Joey: Oh yeah, that's right!
Joey: Whoa-whoa you guys, it's not a cat!
Joey: I don't know who made you the boss? All right? We (Ross and him) invented this game!
Joey: Did you get your money back?
Joey: Oh hey, here Pheebs. (He throws her the ball.)
Joey: Man that was great! Huh? Can you believe how long we threw that ball around?
Joey: Uhhh, mine too! Yeah.
Joey: Me too! Me too! Me too! (Yeah, he does the same thing.) 
Joey: Yeah, I got too excited!
Joey: (entering, depressed) Hey. I just got off the phone with Estelle and guess what. (Pause, then very excitedly) I GOT THE LEAD IN A MOVIE!!!!!!
Joey: It's called Shutter Speed, it's really cool! Yeah, umm, I meet this girl in the subway and we fall in love in like a day, right? And then, she disappears… But I find out where she lives and when I get there this like old lady answers the door and I say, "Where's Betsy?" Right? And she says, "Betsy's been dead for 10 years."
Joey: And the best part is, we're filming in the desert outside Vegas! (To Chandler) And you know what that means buddy!
Joey: Road trip! Yeah, we can rent a car! I just have to be there by Tuesday!
Joey: All right! Thanks Pheebs!
Joey: Oh umm, not go.
Joey: I can't decide which route to take to Vegas. Hey, you've traveled a lot right?
Joey: Okay, so-so which route should I take the northern route or the southern route?
Joey: Great! Problem solved!
Joey: Well, back to square one.
Joey: (quickly) Yes!
Joey: Peanut butter!
Joey: A swimmer!
Joey: Monica. Oh… huh, I always thought it would be Rachel.
Joey: Ascot!
Joey: North route!
Joey: Wow! That was incredible! Beard of bees, here I come!
Joey: Hey man, what's up?
Joey: Sure, what do you want to see?
Joey: Oh, I know how we can decide. Phoebe, show him your game!
Joey: I don't know. But hey, I know we can decide. Okay, I'm gonna ask you questions and you answer real quick. Okay?
Joey: What do you like better action or comedy?
Joey: Who would you rather sleep with Monica or Rachel? 
Joey: Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot you had that whole Rachel thing.
Joey: Hey! You ready to go?
Joey: Man, I wish Ross was coming with us! Y'know? I'm gonna miss him!
Joey: Uh no, not really. It's an independent film y'know? So we don't have a real big budget. I figured I'd just stay in your room.
Joey: Oh yeah! For every dollar Shutter Speed makes, one penny of it goes right in Joey's pocket.
Joey: Did you not hear the plot of the movie? "She's been dead for ten years." I'm gonna be a millionaire!
Joey: Hey!
Joey: You got it!
Joey: Bye-bye!
Joey: Anybody want to say good-bye to me at the car?
Joey: See ya! (Walks out.)
Joey: Man, I'm getting pretty tired. You're might have to take over soon.
Joey: Don't worry, it's out there! (Just then a horn honks and Joey quickly looks at the road.) I think I just need lunch.
Joey: You wanna eat? (Pulls out the twenty) My treat!
Joey: Yeah. Okay. Ross's treat! Where do you wanna eat?
Joey: Ooh, hey, I know how we can decide! All right, uh, I'm gonna ask you a bunch of questions and then you have to answer real fast. Okay? So uh, clear your mind Clear it right out! Clear it out! Clear!
Joey: Okay, uhh, would you rather be too wet or too dry?
Joey: Do you believe in ghosts, yes or no?
Joey: Is this movie gonna be my big break?
Joey: (shocked) What?!
Joey: Dude you said, "No!"
Joey: You don't think this is going to be a big break for me?
Joey: I don't believe this!
Joey: What are you talking about?! I'm the lead in a movie!
Joey: Y'know what? I don't need this! Okay? I don't know why you're dumping all over my big break.
Joey: Is that why you're on this trip, huh? Make me feel like a loser? 'Cause if it is, I'll tell ya, I-I-I'd rather be alone.
Joey: Not if you're gonna be like this!
Joey: Yeah! I don't want you on the trip!
Joey: Fine! (He slams on the brakes, stopping the car on the bridge to the sound of numerous car horns.) Get out!
Joey: Get out!!
Joey: (on a pay phone holding a box) Not as upset as he's gonna be when he finds out what I did with his sweater vests!
Joey: Let's just say there's a well-dressed pack of dogs in Ohio. Hey Monica listen is-is Phoebe there? I gotta ask her something about the car.
Joey: Hey Pheebs! Listen, this wooden box keeps sliding out from under the seat. What-what is it?
Joey: Hey-hey! Stanley! Hey-hey! You're leading man is here! Let's get to work.
Joey: Wh-what?! Why?!
Joey: (laughs) You're kidding right?
Joey: What?!
Joey: Uh, hang out?! How long?
Joey: No!
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Thanks. (The grip walks away.) (Reading the card.) Congratulations on your big break. 
Joey: (on phone from Vegas) Hey Monica, it's Joey!
Joey: Aw, come on! It'll be years before I forget you!
Joey: Uh, well yeah-yeah, I've got all of that going on. Yeah, listen uh, I want you to make sure you tell Chandler that he couldn't have been more wrong! Uh-oh! I gotta go Monica, my uh, my sushi's here! 
Joey: (to the family) Sorry about that. Thanks for waitin'.
Joey: Everybody smile! (The picture is taken) Okay, thanks a lot! Enjoy your stay at Caesar's! We hope it's toga-rrific! (The family leaves.) Kill me. Kill me now.
Joey: Hey Pheebs! Listen, uh can you do me a favor? I forgot the pin number to my ATM card can, can you get it for me?
Joey: Uh, I scratched it on the ATM machine down on the corner.
Joey: That's it! Thanks Pheebs!
Joey: No! (She nods no to Chandler) Because he didn't believe in my movie! Which is a big mistake because it is real! Real!
Joey: Uhh, my stunt double. Yeah, and y'know, he's getting a little too familiar for my tastes.
Joey: Uhh Pheebs, I heard that. Can you put him on?
Joey: Don't come out here!
Joey: I got that! I forgive ya! Don't come out here!
Joey: Well, I'm totally over it Chandler. Friends forever! Don't come out here!
Joey: Uh, Entertainment Tonight. [Cut to Chandler] Yeah, okay so, good talking to ya and don't come out here. All right. (Hangs up the phone and poses for that picture.)
Joey: Hi!
Joey: What-what are you guys doing here? I thought I told you not to come.
Joey: Uhh, because I'm shooting a scene right now. Yeah, I uh, I play a gladiator. Uh, y'know what? Hold-hold on a second. (To no one in particular) Can we cut? Yeah, my-my friends are here, I'm gonna take a little break.
Joey: They uh director. Uhh, her. (Points to an old woman standing behind him. Who glares at him and walks off.) All right, all right, it's not a gladiator movie. I work here.
Joey: Well, the movie got shutdown because they ran out of money, so I'm working here 'til it starts up again, if it ever does.
Joey: Look, I'm sorry I didn't tell ya. (To Chandler) I'm sorry man.
Joey: Yeah, what-what's going on?
Joey: Dawson?! 
Joey: Aww, there we go.
Joey: Ooh, so close.
Joey: Whoa! Whoa! Guys! Please! Come on! Come on! This is obviously just a big misunderstanding.
Joey: Hey-hey don't look at me! I just work here! (Walks away.)
Joey: Hey, y'know in Roman times this was more than just a hat.
Joey: Yeah, sure! Sure! They would uh, they would scrub the floors with it! They would use it to get the mud off their shoe. And sometimes underneath the horse would get dirty so they would stick it right…
Joey: All right well, I'll take you someplace nice then. Look! A guy tipped me a hundred bucks today.
Joey: Yeah-yeah, he was playing blackjack for like an hour and he won $5,000. Can you believe that? $5,000!
Joey: Wait a minute! Why don't I do what that guy did? I'll take this $100 and turn it into $5,000! And then I'll turn that into enough money to get my movie going again!
Joey: Chandler! I don't need luck. I have thought this through!
Joey: (to the dealer) Can I change a hundred? (He hands him his chip.)
Joey: (betting all 100) Let's ride.
Joey: Hit me! (He does so.) Ohh man! (Joey busts and loses all the money, but when the dealer starts to collect the cards Joey notices something.) Wait! (He holds his hand next to the dealer's hand.)
Joey: Chandler! You are not gonna believe this! I have found my identical hand twin!
Joey: My identical hand twin!
Joey: What's it sound like? It's a guy with my identical hands! It was incredible! Chandler, the dealer's hands were exactly like me! It-it was like looking at my hands in a mirror!
Joey: Don’t you see what this means?! I can forget about that stupid movie. I'm gonna be a millionaire!
Joey: Look, I don't have it all worked out yet, but it's gotta mean big money! Come on! Identical hands!
Joey: This is Vegas man! People will pay to see freaky stuff! Okay, how much would you pay to see this hand (Holds up his left hand) twice? Huh?
Joey: Hey, are you unsupporting me again?
Joey: Pheebs!!
Joey: I found my identical hand twin!
Joey: (entering) Hey-hey-hey you made it!
Joey: All right! Hey-hey!
Joey: Who's your friend? He's hot! (Ross laughs and Rachel smacks him with her purse.)
Joey: No, don't be sorry. I don't need it anymore. I found my identical hand twin!
Joey: My identical hand twin! The person whose hands are exactly like mine! This thing is a gold mine!
Joey: Okay. Well, if that's how you feel about it, fine! None of you get to live with me in my great big hand-shaped mansion! Except uh, you Pheebs. You can live in the thumb.
Joey: (entering) Uhh, hey. Where's the other guy?
Joey: He's kinda tall, dark hair, hand looks exactly like this. (Holds up his hand.) See?
Joey: Okay! (Walks away, then turns back.) How you doin'?
Joey: Right! Okay. (Heads for the bathroom.)
Joey: Oh-oh-oh, yeah! (He grabs some towels and takes them to him.) That's right, you take good care of those babies!
Joey: It's me, Joey!
Joey: (holds up his hand) Joey!
Joey: Okay, so what are we going to do about this hand twin thing?!
Joey: Look, you and I have been given a gift. Okay? We have to do something with it. Like-like, hand modeling! Huh? Or-or magic! And you know NASA's gonna wanna talk to us!
Joey: (stopping him) Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa-whoa! We could have our own show! Y'know we could clap our hands together people will love it! Huh? And-and-and I wrote a song for us! (Singing, to the tune of This Land is Your Land) This hand is your hand! This hand is my hand! Oh wait, that's your hand! No wait, it's my hand!
Joey: (following him) But you haven't even heard the chorus!
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Hi!
Joey: Look-look-look you guys, I need some help! Okay? Someone is going to have to convince my hand twin to cooperate!
Joey: Yeah! I'm fine! Thanks! (He starts to leave, but gets an idea and stops.) Hey Rach, how you doin'?
Joey: Ross, don't let her drink anymore! (Exits)
Joey: (sitting down) Ahhh! (Slides his hands across the table.)
Joey: No-no, I don't really have any money. Not yet, anyway… (Shakes his hands.)
Joey: (throws down a small wad of money, and as his hand twin starts to unfold it, Joey once again brings attention to their special gift to the world. {Y'know, looking at it now, they really don't have that similar of hands. Joey's are bigger.}) Ooh-ho-ho! (The dealer stares at him and he stops.)
Joey: Hit me! (He does so.)
Joey: Uhh, Ms. Phalange, may I ask you a question as an impartial person at-at this table?
Joey: Wouldn't you pay good money to see these identical hands showcased in some type of a uh, entertainment venue?
Joey: Me?! Oh come on, man! You can't do this! Come on! (Being dragged out by the guard) I'm your hand twin!!
Joey: (entering with Phoebe) Come on Pheebs! Hurry! Hurry! Hurry! Hurry!
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Ross and Rachel left us a message saying they were getting married! Isn’t that why you guys are here?
Joey: Well! What happened?! Did we miss it?
Joey: Mornin’ Pheebs. (Sits down.) Well, my movie has officially been canceled.
Joey: Nah, I’m too depressed to eat. I’ll probably eat in like 5 minutes. So I guess I’ll just fly home with you guys, what time’s your flight?
Joey: I don’t need that anymore.
Joey: I don’t want to drive all the way back by myself, I get so lonely. (Gets an idea.) Oh—ooh! How about you come with me?
Joey: It’ll be great! We-we could talk, and play games! Huh? This could be our chance to like renew our friendship.
Joey: Sure?
Joey: Hey.
Joey: Where is the waitress?! I’m starving!
Joey: Oh, here’s where I win all my money back! (Gets up and heads for the buffet table with Chandler in tow.)
Joey: Sure! What’s up? (He grabs a plate and proceeds to load it with a huge pile of scrambled eggs. Chandler just stares at him and Joey reluctantly gives him a spoonful.)
Joey: Oh my God! That’s huge! (Hugs him.) Wait a minute, why come I wasn’t invited? And who was going to be your best man? Don’t say, "Ross." Do not say, "Ross."
Joey: Oh! Tell her she’s not marriage material.
Joey: Girls say it to me all the time! And believe me, if she’s anything like me, she’s just gonna be relieved.
Joey: They let you get married when you’re drunk! Most people who get married in Vegas are drunk!
Joey: An annulment? Ross! I don’t think surgery’s the answer here.
Joey: (wakes up) What?!
Joey: All right. All right.
Joey: Really? I don’t…
Joey: (starts singing) I wanna rock and roll all night! (Falls asleep.)
Joey: (to himself) Man, this is a long drive! Are my eyes open? No! (He opens his eyes and sees a hitchhiker.)
Joey: Don’t you think I asked him that before he got in?!
Joey: Ooh, I’ll play! I’ll play!
Joey: Come on Pheebs! I can’t take this anymore! Let-let me make it up to you. Huh? (Starts singing.) Ground control to Major Tom. Commencing countdown, engines on. Take your protein pills and put your helmet on!
Joey: Pheebs, I am so sorry! I know I promised you a fun road trip with your friend and I didn’t deliver. But-but-but now I know that you think being awake is an important part of friendship! So, so, so I will strive to-to stay awake for as long as I know you.
Joey: Well, thank you. So, can we play 20 Questions now? I’ve got a really good one! I’ve been thinking about it since Kansas.
Joey: Yes.
Joey: That is incredible! You are the master!
Joey: What are you doing?
Joey: I can fix it. Hold on. (He goes and gets a screwdriver from his apartment) Look out. Look out. (Pries at the door a little bit.)
Joey: I’m not finished.
Joey: (entering) Hey Monica!
Joey: (To Chandler) Hey man, you feeling any better? (Chandler answers him with some guttural sounds that only he can make and that no human can transcribe.)
Joey: Oh my God! You’re pregnant!
Joey: Wow! (Tearing up) Well, uh… Hey! I’m really happy for you guys! Congratulations! (Kisses Monica on the cheek) See you later. (Starts for the door on the verge of tears as Monica stops him.)
Joey: Yeah, I gotta go! I got an acting job. (Turns towards the door, pauses, and turns back.) Like you’d believe that. This sucks!
Joey: (To Monica) Okay! Look-look-look, uh, if you’re gonna be moving in with him I feel it’s my responsibility to tell you the truth about him! Okay? He’s a terrible roommate! Terrible! He uh, forgets to umm… Oh-oh he always, he always umm—Oh, who am I kidding! He’s the best roommate ever! (Hugs Chandler.)
Joey: God, it’s gonna so weird like when I come home and you’re not here. Y’know? No more Joey and Chan’s. No more J and C’s. "You wanna go over to Joey and Chandler’s?" "Can’t, its not there."
Joey: Yeah but we won’t be able to like get up in the middle of the night and have those long talks about our feelings and the future.
Joey: Hi.
Joey: Hey! I did not cry my eyes out!! Come on! It’s like the end of an era! No more J-man and Channie’s!! 
Joey: So, Ross and Rachel got married, Monica and Chandler almost got married, do you think you and I should hook up?
Joey: Really?! Well, when?
Joey: Wow.
Joey: Great!
Joey: Oh-oh, what about Ross?
Joey: (To Chandler) Dude! What are yo—you trying to kill me?!
Joey: Hey, what is with the secrecy Phoebe? Huh? And what about this Denise, is she cute?
Joey: Hey Rach, listen I was thinkin’ uh, I’m gonna have an extra room over at my place…
Joey: Yeah, why don’t you move in with me? It’ll be great! We could stay up late, watch movies, and you know about Naked Thursday’s right?
Joey: Hey! (To Chandler) Dude, some guy just called for you.
Joey: I don’t know! How about, "Thanks for taking the message." Jeez! (Exits.)
Joey: Hey, what’s up?
Joey: But you’re still moving in together, right? Because my ad came out today. (Shows him the paper.)
Joey: Yeah? I just figured y’know, after living with you it’d be an interesting change of pace to have a female roommate, y’know? Someone I can learn from, someone-someone who’s different than me. And what’s more different than me; a guy who’s not 19 than say a girl who is 19? Enh? (Points to his head.) Not just a hat rack my friend!
Joey: (exiting from Chandler’s room with the new roommate) Everything on your application looks really good—Ohh! Just one last question umm, are you and your friends gonna be over here all the time like partying and hanging out?
Joey: Whoa!! Now look, don’t be just blurtin’ stuff out. I want you to really think about your answers. Okay?
Joey: Oh don’t listen to him, he’s just some guy who really wants the apartment, but I don’t think he’s gonna get it.
Joey: That thing was a hazard! (To the potential roommate) I’m very safety conscious.
Joey: Umm, listen, Ross do you really think this moving in with Rachel is a good idea?
Joey: Yeah well, maybe you should go back! Okay? Rachel moves in, and before you know it you’re right where you don’t want to be! Back together!
Joey: That’s not gonna work out! Then she’s gonna come home all weepy and you’ll be tellin’ her, "Oh that’s okay. You’ll find someone." And then, bamn! She finds you!
Joey: I am telling you Ross, she is definitely gonna fall in love with you again! Now, is that what you want?
Joey: Here she comes. Hold on, I’m gonna make your life much easier.
Joey: Or not. Uh, Rach, why don’t you just move in with me? (Rachel sighs.)
Joey: No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no… It’s okay, I mean I—look Rach, I know I scared you off with that whole Naked Thursday’s thing, but we don’t have to do that!
Joey: Thursday’s clearly not good for ya, pick a day!
Joey: (opening the door to The Potential Roommate) Hi!
Joey: Come in. Thanks for comin’ back, umm, okay there have been a lot of people interested in the room, but I have narrowed it down and you are one of the finalists!
Joey: Okay now, before I make my final decision I uh, I just want to make sure our personalities match. Okay, so I made up a little test. Now, I’m gonna say a word and then you say the first thing that comes to mind.
Joey: Okay! Here we go. Pillow.
Joey: Very good! Okay. G.
Joey: Excellent! Okay umm, doggy.
Joey: Ooh, sorry! No-no-no, so close though, but—bye-bye! (He ushers her out the door.)
Joey: I can’t believe she would say that too you.
Joey: (interrupting him) Uh Ross! Are there uh, are there naked chicks on that piece of paper?
Joey: Well, I’ve just never seen a guy stare so hard at a piece of paper that didn’t have naked chicks on it.
Joey: Oh-ooh-ooh! Y’know what’s a good visual aide?
Joey: Why not?!
Joey: Hey! Any good mail?
Joey: Ooh, it’s probably a residual check, hey can you open it for me, I’m kinda….
Joey: Hmm that’s weird. I don’t remember being in a move called benefits lapsed.
Joey: Let me see that!
Joey: (reads it) Oh, I can’t believe this! This sucks! When I had insurance I could get hit by a bus or catch on fire, y’know? And it wouldn’t matter. Now I gotta be careful?!
Joey: All right well, I guess I gotta go get a job. I’m gonna go see my agent.
Joey: (mocks him, in a whiney voice) …look both ways before you cross the street. (Turns and walks headlong into the closed door.)
Joey: (entering) Hey Estelle, listen…
Joey: What are you talkin’ about? I never left you! You’ve always been my agent!
Joey: Yeah!
Joey: Estelle, you gotta get me some work. I-I lost my health insurance.
Joey: Why?
Joey: Bastard!
Joey: (in obvious pain) Hey! So Estelle lined up a bunch of auditions for me tomorrow and I’ll have my health insurance back in no time.
Joey: What?!
Joey: Nothing! Well, I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before, then I uh passed out and uh, haven’t been able to stand up since. But um, I don’t think it’s anything serious.
Joey: No way! ‘Kay look, if I have to go to the doctor for anything it’s gonna be for this thing sticking out of my stomach! (Rolls over and shows Chandler.)
Joey: Why did I have to start working out again? (Looks at the weights he was using.) Damn you 15s!
Joey: Dude! Hernia operations cost like, a lot probably. Besides it’s getting darker and more painful, that means it’s healing.
Joey: Thank you, but it would take me forever to pay you that money back and I don’t want that hanging over my head. Okay? Besides, as soon as my insurance kicks in I can get all the free operations I want! Yeah, I’m thinking I’ll probably start with that laser eye surgery too.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Look, I’m telling you if I put my hand on my stomach right here (He puts his hand down his pants, like Al Bundy on Married…With Children always used to do.) it doesn’t hurt that bad.
Joey: Sure, now I’m scared.
Joey: Yeah, but I don’t wanna die!
Joey: (in a gravely, painful voice) Okay. "Hey, Timmy, I’ve got a surprise for you."
Joey: Oh yeah, sure, no problem, I’ll just—hold on one second. (He turns around and puts his hand in his pants and groans in relief.) (In a relaxed voice.) "Hey Timmy, I’ve got a surprise for you!"
Joey: So that’s why I feed my dog Purina One! Pick up a bag today! (He turns, looks at the bag and realizes he won’t be able to pick it up.)
Joey: Exactly.
Joey: Or, I could just point to it! Huh? Blah, blah, blah, Purina One, point to a bag today. (She just looks at him.) I didn’t get it, did I?
Joey: Yeah, okay. (Leaves)
Joey: Hi. I’m Joey Tribbiani; I’m here to audition for (Groans) man.
Joey: Yes!
Joey: (barely audible through the pain) Thank you.
Joey: Yeah! And hey, thanks for coming with me. And thanks again for helping me take a shower.
Joey: (to the director) Hiya!
Joey: Hi Alex! (to the director) And uh, as you can see my hands are not in my pants. (Holds them both up.)
Joey: "Take could care of your Momma son." (Alex just looks at him and the director motions for him to continue so he tries it again.) "Take could care of your Momma son." (Alex does nothing.) "Come on son! Your Momma’s good people!"
Joey: Ah, just one thing umm, is it all right with you if I, if I scream right up until you say action?
Joey: Okay. (Starts screaming.)
Joey: (he stops screaming at action) "Take good care of your Momma son." (Again Alex does nothing.)
Joey: Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! You just take a big, big swing. Now, don’t hold back. (He dons his protective helmet (Why, I have no clue.) and Phoebe picks up a wooden baseball bat and starts to swing as Chandler and Monica enter.)
Joey: Hey-hey-hey!
Joey: Oh! Hey, somebody left their keys. (Looks at them) Ooohh, to a Porsche! {Transcriber’s note: Oh come on! Who would leave the keys to their Porsche behind? If I had a Porsche, I’d have the keys surgically attached to my hand!} Hey Gunther, these yours?
Joey: Na-uh! (To everyone there) Hey did anybody lose their keys?
Joey: There’s a lost and found? (Gunther sets the box up on the table.) My shoe! (Grabs it out of the box.)
Joey: Well, I didn’t realize until I got home. I wasn’t gonna walk all the way back down here with one shoe! Y’know what? I’m gonna go find that guy’s car and leave a note on the windshield. (Goes to do so.)
Joey: Great! Thanks. (Exits.)
Joey: Yeah, it’s not mine.
Joey: Yeah, it’s (looks up and sees the woman) mine.
Joey: Me too! Yeah. And comfortable. Do uh, do you like leather seats?
Joey: (checks in the window to make sure it has them) It’s got ‘em!
Joey: (entering) Hey guys!
Joey: Hey babies! Oh, I’m having the best morning. That uh, that Porsche I’ve got the keys too, still there!
Joey: You should see the treatment I get when I’m with that car! People are friendly; they-they wanna talk, and not just about the car! One guy gave me advice about my equity investments.
Joey: The ones that got me the Porsche! Will you keep up! (Chandler wipes his forehead with a baby wipe, that might have been used. He drops it disgustedly.) But I figured, if-if people keep seeing me just standing there, they’re gonna start to think that I don’t own it. So I figured I’ll wash it. Right? Monica, you got a bucket and some soap I can borrow?
Joey: Yeah, she tops out at 130.
Joey: And that’s just in the city. I get her up to 160 when I take her upstate.
Joey: Sure!
Joey: Okay, take it easy.
Joey: Really? Oh uh, oh just give me five more minutes with it.
Joey: Oh I-I uh, found the keys and now I’m just polishing her up.
Joey: Yeah, but it’s my wax.
Joey: Sure. Here. (He hands them over.) I’ll uh, save your parking spot.
Joey: Why not?
Joey: Yeah, so did I.
Joey: (entering wearing nothing but Porsche clothes) So the Porsche guy took his car back.
Joey: No. No, I just uh, I just loved the way it feels when everybody thinks I own a Porsche.
Joey: Of course! Only an idiot would wear this stuff if you didn’t have the car! Right?
Joey: Oh, I’ve been there. Yeah, I am gonna go drive my Porsche. (Starts to leave.)
Joey: Come on! What are you doing?! I’m in character! Would you talk to her! (Storms out.)
Joey: Why isn’t that valet back with my Porsche?
Joey: (to women passing him) Porsche.
Joey: Hi! How are the Gellers? 
Joey: Hey! It’s Porsche!! (He’s right y’know.)
Joey: Hey! Hey! Be careful around my Porsche! 
Joey: Hey! How you doin’?
Joey: I’d love to show ya, but I just tucked her in. She’s sleeping. (The women both laugh) Hey uh, would you two girls like to go for a drink? (Just then the same guy with the football dives to make a catch, lands on the car cover, and collapses it. It turns out that Joey set up a bunch of boxes to make it look like a Porsche.)
Joey: Right! And when is that due?
Joey: And that’s every month?
Joey: Ahhh.
Joey: (looking at it) Oh my God!!
Joey: No-no! No way! Joey Tribbiani does not take charity…anymore.
Joey: No! Forget it! Okay—I mean thanks, but I’m done taking money from you. All right, I can take of myself. Now, what’s next? Come on.
Joey: This is how much we pay for electric?!!!
Joey: Hey!
Joey: I don’t know Ross, not if you’re gonna talk about how you gave up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist.
Joey: (quietly) I’ve got Ben.
Joey: Here it is! Our last pizzas together as roommates.
Joey: Oh that’s okay. Hey, actually in a way it’s kinda nice. Me, bringing the food of my ancestors, you, the food of yours!
Joey: What, are you crazy? You haven’t beaten me once since my injury plagued ’97 season. It would be easier if you just give me your money.
Joey: Okay, you’re on.
Joey: (scores) Yes! I win again! Ha-ha! That’s like 500 bucks you owe me! Whoo-ho-hoo! (Goes over to the fridge and starts opening and closing the door rapidly.) $500 that is a loooot of electricity! (By the way, there’s nothing in the fridge.) Whoo-ho-ho! (Notices the sparseness of the fridge.) I gotta buy some food.
Joey: You serious?
Joey: Okay, get ready to owe me!
Joey: Okay, here we go. Ready?
Joey: This sucks man! The last night you’re here and I lose the two most important things in my life, the foosball table and $500.
Joey: Nah, not my game.
Joey: Well, what’s it called?
Joey: I don’t know how to play Cups.
Joey: All right.
Joey: A two and a five.
Joey: Really?!
Joey: A four and a nine.
Joey: No. Why?
Joey: Damn! I am good at Cups!
Joey: Well, what did you have?
Joey: Uh, (counts the money) wow, 700.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: What?
Joey: Really?
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Ross and I were helping the girls pack, took a little break, I lost $1,500 to him in Cups!
Joey: The same way you lost. I started out with a King and a Queen, bamn! Ross gets a 2 and a 3. Then I get a Jack and a King, boom! Ross gets a 4 and a 5! Ross was getting the Cup card, the D-Cup, the Sittin’ Down Bonus! Meanwhile, I didn’t even get half a cup! Nothin’!!
Joey: And he never played before either! Y’know what I think? I think beginner’s luck, very important in Cups.
Joey: No, no, no more! I cannot lose another dime! I’m serious this time! In-in fact, look, there’s a—I wanna give you something. And let me give it too you know before I pawn it for Cups money. (He rolls the big white dog over) Now, I want you to have the big white dog as a kinda of a, y’know, thank you for being such a great roommate.
Joey: It’s him, not it!
Joey: Wait a second, I see what you’re trying to do here! You-you’re trying to give me money again!
Joey: Over there! (Points to the couch) Before, with the bills! You tried to give some charity, I said "No," you dropped it. Okay? Then we had a nice last night together, we had some fun, we gambled, nobody tried to give anybody any money! Now out of the blue, you start with the charity thing again!
Joey: I will be okay! Look Chandler, you gotta get it out of your head that I can’t take care of myself. Okay? Look, I’m not gonna miss you helping me out with money. The only thing that I’m gonna miss…is you. And now the dog.
Joey: Hey everybody! Uh, I'd like you to meet Janine. She's-she's gonna be my new roommate!
Joey: Yeah, she's gonna live with me!
Joey: I didn't know that! Well, what a pretty last name!
Joey: (shocked) From the land down under? I didn't know that either!
Joey: You're a dancer? She-she's a dancer!
Joey: Oh, hey let me. (Opens the door for Janine and after he closes the door behind her gasps ecstatically.)
Joey: Of course I did.
Joey: "When can you move in?"
Joey: Ugh, I cannot wait to ask her out!
Joey: Oh God, yeah.
Joey: (happily) Okay!
Joey: Oh, Oh, you're right! I don't want that. I can't date her!
Joey: Well, that's gonna be tough Mon. I mean it's hard for me to be around an attractive woman and not flirt.
Joey: You a little sad about that sweetheart?
Joey: (jumps out of the box) I Gotcha!!
Joey: Boy, it was so hard not to laugh, I tell ya. Hey, hey, the place looks great!
Joey: (raises his hand) I don't! No, I wanna live with the super-hot Australian dancer.
Joey: Yeah. Well, so far yeah. But it's tough you know? I got all this built up flirting energy and I don't know how to get rid of it. (Gives Chandler the "Joey-love," look.) How you doin?
Joey: (voice cracking) Ohhhh man
Joey: No-no-no-no-no, it's-it's uh, you just uh, uh reminded me that uh, I need to do my stretches too. (Starts to stretch, groans painfully)
Joey: (jumps up and yells) 
Joey: Uh-uh nothing. I-I-I-I didn't want you to touch me cause I'm -I'm all sweaty from the workout. I better hit the shower. (Goes into the bathroom and comes back out quickly) Oh my God!
Joey: (entering) Look, what am I gonna do? I'm not flirting but still, I'm drawing her to me like - like a moth to a flame! (Tries to put his feet on the coffee table...they won't reach and looks around.) What the hell's going on over here?!?!? (Points to Chandler) Monica's gonna kill you! Look I need your help, I have to do something to-to repel this woman! Wait a minute, wait a minute, you guys repel women all the time. 
Joey: No-no-no I've seen it happen, you-you get a rapport going with a woman but somehow you manage to kill it. What's your secret?
Joey: This is great, this is great, what else, what else?
Joey: Uh, don't you mean "for whom?"
Joey: Pizza, heh, its not like I never had that before...ba dum bum cheshhh.
Joey: All right, All right, let's just get this out in the open okay? You're hot. I'm lovable. Clearly there's a vibe going on between us. But, we're roommates and it's a huge mistake for us to continue down this road.
Joey: No, no, no, I'm telling ya. Imagine yourself living in a supermarket and you will understand okay? So the question is, what do we do?
Joey: Oh!
Joey: Oh! I see what happened. It's because I was trying to repel you. Right? Believe me, you'd feel a lot different if I turned it on.
Joey: Oh, I do. (Gives her the Joey-love look.) How you doin?
Joey: What?!?!
Joey: Oh dear God!
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey: Maybe I could give thanks for you shuttin’ up, eh?
Joey: Well maybe I love ya’.
Joey: Yeah! Yeah, why? What’s up?
Joey: Ye-ye, we go to yours!
Joey: How you got three women to marry you, I’ll never know.
Joey: Oh, ooh the food smells great, Mon!
Joey: Yeah, hey hey, Happy Thanksgiving everybody!
Joey: Well, this has been great!
Joey: Uh, some of her friends, yeah.
Joey: (frustrated) Yes, all right? All of her hot dancer friends are gonna be there and they’re gonna be, be drinkin’ and dancin, and we really wanna go!
Joey: Yeah, yeah, and the Indians taught the Pilgrims what it meant to be hot in the new world!
Joey: Rach, you’re killin’ us here, will ya serve the dessert already? Those drunken dancers are waiting! 
Joey: Y-sure!
Joey: I know, and only one layer of jam?! What is up with that?
Joey: (turning to Chandler in a scolding tone) Chandler!
Joey: (sad) Oh man! Now she’s gonna start all over! We’re never gonna get to introduce the hot girls to the new world!
Joey: Just let her serve the beef-custard thing?
Joey: (shrugging his shoulders to go along with it) Vomiting stories are funny...
Joey: Did-did it make you wanna walk around in your underwear?
Joey: (frustrated) Still not hot enough!
Joey: (to Rachel) Will you hurry up? Did you not hear me before when I told you that all of Janine’s friends are dancers?! And that they’re going to be drinking alot!?
Joey: Well you’re whippin’ so slow! Can’t you do it any faster?
Joey: Oh I am!
Joey: Ross! Can I talk to you for a second?
Joey: Okay, look, I think we have to tell Rachel she messed up her dessert.
Joey: Look, when everyone eats that...that...Banana-Meat thing, they’re all gonna’ make fun of her, do you want that?
Joey: (scolding) Dude, they’re not objects.
Joey: Just kiddin,’ I’ll talk to them, you distract Rach.
Joey: Oh and (Ross begins to open the door and Joey says some gibberish word to indicate to Ross that he’s not done yet. Ross closes the door again.) Okay, and uh if anyone needs help pretending to like it, I learned something in acting class, try uh, rubbing your stomach (Rubs his stomach) or uh, or saying “mmm” and uh, oh oh! And smiling (Smiles while pretending to stir a bowl), okay?
Joey: Rachel, there you are! Come on, let’s serve that dessert already!
Joey: (happily) Really?
Joey: I like it.
Joey: What’s not to like? Custard? Good. Jam? Good. Meat? Gooooood.
Joey: (pounding the table) I wanna gooooooo!
Joey: No it isn’t, I ate that.
Joey: Nope, got it and I got yours (Pointing to Jack) too. 
Joey: Hey you guys.
Joey: I had to get out of the apartment. Janine is like stretching all over the place. Y’know, everywhere I look she’s like… (He imitates her stretching)
Joey: I like her so much!
Joey: I know. And she’s so sweet. I just wanna feed her grapes and brush her hair.
Joey: Totally! I would love to spend New Year’s with you.
Joey: Did she just ask me out on a date?
Joey: Oh. Maybe. But hey I know how I can find out. We’re going to a New Year’s Eve party, right? So at midnight, I can kiss her. And if she kisses me back, great! Y’know? But if she says ‘Dude, what the hell are you doing?’ I can say ‘It wasn’t me, it was New Years!’
Joey: OK, listen I’ve been on sets before, so let me give you a little advice, alright? It’s a show, but we’re just dancing, OK? It’s no big deal. The important thing to remember – stay cool.
Joey: Ross! So when is it gonna air?
Joey: Really?
Joey: What do you mean?
Joey: Uh-huh.
Joey: No-no-no-no-no we came together!
Joey: No-no hey buddy, please let me dance with that girl, I really like her and I think I have a shot.
Joey: Hey-hey dancer girl! Can I go to the bathroom? I just.. (The girl starts dancing really close to him, so he picks her up, twirls her round, and puts her against a platform) Here we go. (He walks away to find Monica and Ross doing a really out of place dance) Looking good Gellers!
Joey: Hey! Tall guy! Hey, listen, I wanted to talk to you about that girl that you’re dancing with.
Joey: Yeah, yeah, okay. Uh, look buddy, I came with that girl, and I had this plan to kiss her at the new years countdown – I’m trying to win her over, so I was wondering if..
Joey: Oh come on man, you can dance with my partner, she’s real, uh, mellow!
Joey: Well, I was hoping after tonight that maybe I could you know…
Joey: Alright, alright, hey y’know fair is fair, (he pretends to wash his hands) if you’re right, you’re right, what can I say, but hey oh no! (He throws water on the guy’s pants)
Joey: Hey, now you’re the one who wet his pants. (He throws another handful on him and runs out)
Joey: Uh, take a look at the guy’s pants! I mean, I know you told us to show excitement, but don’t you think he went a little overboard?
Joey: Yeah, take a hike wetpants!
Joey: No! Year! Happy No Year!
Joey: Home sweet home, huh? Nice to, uh, get back to reality. Plus we know how the New Year’s gonna go off. I guess there’s no reason for all that Y2K panic, y’know? Anyway, g’night!
Joey: Yeah?
Joey: Oh, yoii. What was that for?
Joey: Really? In the moment, I really wanted to kiss you too. In the moment.
Joey: But only in the moment. So do ya wanna kiss again?
Joey: No.
Joey: 3, 2, 
Joey: Uh, yeah, okay. Except I sorta felt like I needed a couple of seconds to get ready.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Listen, do you guys think I have a chance with Janine?
Joey: Well all right then, I guess I shouldn’t get to excited about the fact (excitedly) that I just kissed her!
Joey: Oh we kissed it up real nice.
Joey: I came over here to tell you guys.
Joey: Okay. (They kiss.)
Joey: Okay. (They kiss.)
Joey: Okay, I’m all right, okay, but hey, could you just leave your lips? (She kisses him on the cheek and starts to leave.)
Joey: Have you kissed her yet? It’s awesome! I could do it forever! Y’know what? She-she kisses better than my mom cooks!
Joey: I hate Pottery Barn too. They kicked me out of there just because I sat on a bed!
Joey: (indignant) I was tired!
Joey: Hey! I made that for her!
Joey: Yeah! I made it of this fruit bowl I found in the garbage.
Joey: And Chandler I can’t believe I let you pay for this one. (They hug and he whispers in his ear.) Thanks man.
Joey: Oh, but hey look, at least let us bring the wine.
Joey: Nope-op! I insist! (He hugs Chandler again and whispers to him.) You get the wine right?
Joey: See ya tomorrow!
Joey: What?
Joey: What-what’s wrong with Monica and Chandler?
Joey: Blah?!
Joey: Uh, they’re like my best friends. Are you saying we can’t hang out with them? ‘Cause that would kinda be a problem.
Joey: I guess.
Joey: If you want, I’ll sell my friends and use the money to buy you presents.
Joey: Hi!
Joey: Thanks. Thanks, but uh actually it’s just gonna be me again tonight.
Joey: Oh, she’s uh-uh really sick.
Joey: Yeah, she’s been in there all day (Points to her room), uh high fever, a nose problem… Phlegm! Phlegm! Phlegm-phlegm-phlegm!
Joey: ‘Kay!
Joey: No-no, she really is sick!
Joey: Uh, y’know, starve a fever, go to a play for a cold.
Joey: Well uh, she didn’t want to hang out with you guys two nights in a row. I’m so sorry.
Joey: Because she uh, she-she thinks that you are blah and that you, Monica, are too loud.
Joey: I know! I know! Come on, please-please you guys, don’t-don’t be mad. I’m sure she just, she just said that stuff because she was nervous and you guys are like my best friends! Y’know? And it was our first date! Plus, she’s really sick!
Joey: I know, but don’t you think the sick thing is way better than the play thing?
Joey: Come on you guys, come on please-please just give her another chance, huh? She’ll come around I promise.
Joey: (shouting) I can hear you!
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Joey: So uh, what are you guys doing?
Joey: Look, come on you guys, you said you were gonna try! All right look, I came over here to invite you guys to a movie with me and Janine.
Joey: Ha-ha, very funny—Look! I don’t know what to do! I really want you guys to get along. Just please come to the movie with us. I mean you owe me!
Joey: That’s right! I helped you guys out a lot in the start of your relationship. Huh? I helped you guys sneak around for like six months, and I looked like an idiot! And I was humiliated. And I only made 200 dollars!
Joey: You don’t think I know that!
Joey: Well, this-this-this was great. Didn’t everybody have a great time?
Joey: Oh well then, good night!
Joey: See? Eh, wasn’t that fun?
Joey: All right! All right! Enough! Enough! Enough!! Enough! (To Chandler and Monica) You two go home! I-I-I gotta talk to Janine! (They start to leave.)
Joey: All right, uh, we’ve got a little bit of a problem here. These people are my friends; you can’t treat them that way.
Joey: I know! I know! And I’m going to talk to them about it. They mean so much to me. They… They’re like my family. If you guys are gonna be fighting all the time, I-I… I don’t think we can be together. It just, it just can’t work. It can’t. (Starts to break up) I’m very upset.
Joey: Yeah! Yeah! That would be very helpful! Yeah. (He opens the door for her and she exits into the hallway.)
Joey: Yeah uh, what am I gonna do?
Joey: Yeah! (They head downstairs.)
Joey: How ya doin’?
Joey: Pretty much, yeah.
Joey: Well, when it’s not right, you know it.
Joey: Yeah! Yeah. I’ll be all right.
Joey: What?
Joey: (laughing hysterically) You’re right! That did cheer me up!
Joey: (entering) Hey guys.
Joey: Whoa-whoa-whoa. Jokes? You guys know they have naked chicks in there, right?
Joey: Let’s go watch it at your place.
Joey: Chandler, Chandler, y’know what we should do? You and I should go out and get some new sunglasses.
Joey: No, that’s VH-1. I gotta tell you, the music these kids listen to today . . . It’s like a lotta noise to me. I don’t know…
Joey: I uh, oh! Because, uh, I haven’t really paid the bill
Joey: No, Chandler. Look, forget about it, okay? Look, I know things have been a little tight since Janine moved out. Oh, was she hot. 
Joey: I know! Yeah, but, look I can handle it. All right? Look, I can listen to the radio, huh? And Ross gave me this great book (holds up the Playboy magazine).
Joey: Sure.
Joey: Not so much.
Joey: You forget how many great songs Heart had.
Joey: Oh, you guys, with this joke. I gotta say, I know I cracked up, but I’m not even sure I got it.
Joey: Ah, Gunther, I can’t pay for this right now because I’m not working, so I’ve had to cut down on some luxuries like uh, payin’ for stuff.
Joey: Uh, I don’t know. Ya see, it’s just, see I was a regular on a soap opera y’know? And to go from that to this, I just… Plus, I’d have to wait on all my friends.
Joey: What?!
Joey: Maybe I could be a waiter. Could I use the phone?
Joey: (sheepishly) I finished my book. (Chandler and Monica slowly retreat back to bed.)
Joey: Hey Ross, listen, you want anything to drink, ‘cause I’m heading up there.
Joey: Sure. (To Monica and Rachel) Coffee? ‘Cause I’m going up there. 
Joey: (to a table of strangers) You guys need anything, ‘cause I’m heading up there. 
Joey: You got it.
Joey: Just being friendly. (He gives Monica a ‘what’s wrong with you?’ look and proceeds to walk behind the counter.)
Joey: Nah, it’s okay. Right, Gunther? (Winks at him as if they’re in on a secret together.)
Joey: Okay, but I don’t see you asking any other paying customers to put on aprons. 
Joey: No.
Joey: Yeah?
Joey: It’s kind of embarrassing, y’know. I mean, I was an actor and now I’m a waiter. It’s supposed to go in the other direction.
Joey: I mean, the job’s easy and the money’s good, you know? I guess I’m going to be hanging out here anyway. I might as well get paid for it, right? I just feel kind of weird serving you guys.
Joey: Okay, I guess it doesn’t seem that weird.
Joey: See, now it’s weird again.
Joey: Thanks, Rach. Look, you guys are just terrific. Y’know? Now, how about clearing out of here so I can get some new customers. It’s all about turnover.
Joey: Oh, I’m sorry, Ross. I’ll get it for you right now. And since I made you wait, I’ll toss in a free muffin.
Joey: Hey, Gunther. Can you uh, can you cover for me? I just got an audition.
Joey: Really?! I like your natural color. Come on man, it’s a great part. Look, check it out. I’m the lead guy’s best friend and I wait for him in this bar and save his seat. Listen-listen. ‘I’m sorry, that seat’s saved.’
Joey:
Joey: Oh, man, I could totally get that part. ‘I’m sorry, that seat is taken.’
Joey: No, no, I didn’t mean you. But, you believed me, huh?
Joey: So, you’d hire me, right?
Joey: Exactly! All right, everybody, listen up. The coffeehouse is going to be closed for about an hour. 
Joey: Yeah, it’s for the kids. To keep the kids off drugs. It’s a very important issue in this month’s Playboy. I’m sure you all read about it.
Joey: Not good, no. I didn’t get the part, and I lost my job here, so …
Joey: Well, I had the audition but Gunther said I had to stay here and be in charge so he could go get his hair dyed. So, I went anyway, and then he fired me.
Joey: Yeah, what are ya gonna do?
Joey: That’s great. Thanks Rach.
Joey: I’m not answering that.
Joey: Okay Rach, that muffin and espresso, $4.50. Ross, double latte, $2.75. Chandler, coffee and a scone, $4.25. And Pheebs, herbal tea, $1.25. So, all together that’s (pauses to figure the total) $12.75.
Joey: Hi!
Joey: Oh that’s on the house courtesy of Joey Tribbiani.
Joey: Well, he’s not used to women being so forward with him; but uh, I good check with him—He says it’s okay. (She hands him her card.) Great! Thanks! Bye-bye!
Joey: It will be when you look like that in a tight skirt! This is great! I’m getting more dates than ever!
Joey: How about a scone on the house baby?
Joey: Hey, (in the Joey voice) how you doin’?
Joey: (to a customer) Are you all finished here?
Joey: Great! (Joey takes his cookie and finishes it.)
Joey: What?!
Joey: Well if it’s free food, how come you’re charging me for it?
Joey: Well, what if they came in third in a modeling contest?
Joey: (to a woman who came in third in a modeling contest) Sorry! (He grabs her muffin away and returns it to the serving tray.)
Joey: That’ll be $3.85.
Joey: It’s just I can’t because my manager said I… (Gets an idea) (Starts singing) "Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you. Happy birthday dear Annie…
Joey: (still singing) "…Amy! Happy birthday to you!"
Joey: Yeah, not it here it isn’t.
Joey: (singing) "Happy birthday to you!"
Joey: What? No-no it’s her birthday!
Joey: But it really…
Joey: Damnit! (Storms off.)
Joey: (overhearing them) Oh-ho, and mine!
Joey: (sees Rachel) Oh, uh, hey Rach. I uh, I was just coming over here to uh… Oh wait, I don’t have to lie to you, you don’t live here anymore. Uh, I’m eating their food. What are you doing?
Joey: Whoa, I didn’t know we could date your sister!
Joey: I can’t believe Ross went out with Rachel’s sister! When Chandler made out with my sister I was mad at him for 10 years.
Joey: Yeah you got 5 years left!
Joey: You wanna make it 6?!
Joey: (crying) You didn’t cry when Bambi’s mother died?
Joey: Come on man there’s gotta be something that gets you choked up! Like uh, uh oh, what if you saw a three-legged puppy?
Joey: Okay, what if the puppy said, "Help me Chandler. All the other puppies pick on me."
Joey: No! It’s not okay! It’s not okay at all!! You’re dead inside!!
Joey: (to the fan) So, you saw me on Days Of Our Lives huh? Want me to, want me to do a little Dr. Drake Remoray for ya?
Joey: Oh, you’re Phoebe’s fan!
Joey: Movies?
Joey: (laughs) I don’t think so.
Joey: Hey Gunther, don’t let that guy in here anymore! He just said Phoebe’s a porn star!
Joey: Uhhh, yeah. Yeah. But uh, I don’t think it’s the kind you’re gonna like.
Joey: Sort of…
Joey: (holds up the movie) Phoebe’s a porn star!
Joey: Well down at the adult video place down on Bleaker.
Joey: All right well, I’d better take that back.
Joey: We can’t watch that! I mean that’s Phoebe!
Joey: No! Hey no! This is wrong you guys! Phoebe’s our friend! Well, I’m not gonna watch it!
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: (sitting at the kitchen table with his back to the TV) You sick bastards!
Joey: Re! Re! Then I can watch that! Rewind it! Rewind it!
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Oh no, not you too!
Joey: Nice!
Joey: That’s great, but isn’t it gonna bother that people still think you’re a porn star?
Joey: You do?
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: (To Ross) What is the matter with you?!
Joey: Oh sorry, I hear divorce I immediately go to Ross. (To Rachel) Who-who’s Barry and Mindy?
Joey: Ohh-oh, wasn’t he cheating on you with her?
Joey: (starts to imagine it) I can’t. I keep seeing it the good way.
Joey: Hey, imagine if I never got fired off Days Of Our Lives! (Closes his eyes to do so.) Oh-hey, there’s Carol again!
Joey: So Monica, still going out with Dr. Boring huh?
Joey: (not impressed) Wow!!
Joey: Oh dear God, let me think. (Starts to sarcastically think about it.)
Joey: Hey.
Joey: Hey man, look sorry about that Archie thing. Do uh, do you need me to give you some money?
Joey: Really?
Joey: That’s an idea! (To Chandler) Hey, if I hired an assistant, would-would you take money from her?
Joey: That’s great! That would be great! Let’s do that!
Joey: Oh right great! Welcome aboard!
Joey: All right! Now hey, I need to use the bathroom. Since I don’t need any assistance in there, take a break!
Joey: (holding a plate of what looks like Rice Crispies Treats) I know, here-here!! (Hands her the plate.)
Joey: (shaking Rachel’s hand) Hi!
Joey: Well, it’s always nice to meet the fans.
Joey: (turning and whispering to Monica) She’s not crazy is she?
Joey: (To Rachel) So uh, how you doin’?
Joey: (entering) Hey there you are!
Joey: All right, here’s a list of things for you to do today. Man, this going to be so great! Thank you so much! All right, I got to go to work I’m delivering twins today, but only one of them is mine! (Exits.)
Joey: (entering) Hey! Is uh, is she gonna be all right?
Joey: Oh great. (Starts to go in.) (To Chandler) Hey! Go take off those pants, they look ready!
Joey: All right, and over there is Brady’s Pub where I like to unwind after a long day of surgeoning.
Joey: Well, that is a large piece of television equipment. (Points at a large piece of television equipment as an old man walks by.) And uh that is an old man! Hey old man!
Joey: All righty, what do you say we head back to my place?
Joey: Why? (In Drake’s voice.) Why can’t the world stop turning, just for a moment? Just for us?
Joey: Uh, yeah but uh, (In Drake’s voice) I may have said those things before but, I never truly meant them. Until now.
Joey: Okay, you watch too much TV.
Joey: Thanks! (Looks at it.) Yeah, there’s pulp in that. (Hands it back.)
Joey: I thought we talked about this. I don’t like pulp. No pulp. Pulp isn’t juice. All juice, okay?
Joey: Oh my God, I’m sorry, I’m being so rude. (Turns to Rachel.) Rachel, would like a soda or something? Because Chandler would run right out and get it.
Joey: (To Chandler) Iced tea.
Joey: (To Rachel) Did I not just tell him?
Joey: (To Chandler) Okay look, Chandler, if this (Motions back and forth indicating the arrangement.) you have got to listen! (Tugs on his ear.) (Chandler glares at him.) You’re gonna throw that juice at me, aren’t ya?
Joey: (entering) Hey! Hey Chandler look, I know you’re mad, but I just want to say I’m sorry. I-I was a total jerk. Completely o-over the line. Uh, I just I hate pulp! Y’know? I mean, y’know how Monica feels about low fat mayonnaise?
Joey: Yeah, o-o-o-o-okay anyway, I just wanted to say I’m sorry. Here. (Hands him a cup.) 
Joey: Fresh squeezed orange juice, with pulp! Just the way you like it.
Joey: Oh my God! That’s great! Congratulations! What’s the story?!
Joey: Are you kidding me?! I love Archie! And the whole gang!
Joey: Wait a minute. That sounds a little familiar! Did they already do that one? ‘Cause I think I read it!
Joey: I know. (Joey is sitting in this tall chair that is made up of balls on polls. You’ll have to see it to know what I mean.) Yeah, his name is Pat.
Joey: (climbing down from his chair) Do you uh, do you—ready for a refill?
Joey: Pretty cool, huh? But if you’re thinking you can put a fish in there and it wouldn’t get sucked up into the mechanism, well you’d be wrong.
Joey: It’s uh, right through there. (Points.)
Joey: Yeah, life’s pretty great isn’t it?
Joey: Well, with Dr. Drake they always tell me what to say. And with Joey, I pretty much have to make it up on my own.
Joey: Yeah you did.
Joey: Here you go. Let me ask you a question.
Joey: When was the last time someone told you just how beautiful you are?
Joey: Come, come here. 
Joey: (entering) Morning!
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Well he actually saw you a little bit too.
Joey: No! No! No, not after seeing that.
Joey: Wh-why?
Joey: That’s ridiculous! I’m not a "Star," just a regular famous actor.
Joey: Rachel, would you stop saying that?! Hey-hey look, remember on the show when-when Caprice was dying and she gave me…
Joey: Wow! Uh okay, well uh… (He gets up, opens a drawer, and pulls out the ring.)
Joey: Sure! As long as they don’t find out you can keep whatever you want! And I want you to have it.
Joey: Yes! Yes!! And every time you look at it, I want you to remember that you are a good person. Okay, you’ve had the chance to cheat, and with me, but you didn’t. And that’s what this ring stands for.
Joey: Look, do you want the ring or not?!
Joey: Hey!
Joey: All right!
Joey: Whoa-whoa-whoa! You’re not gonna use the pay phone to call work, are ya?
Joey: (not quite sure of how to answer that) Well uh, look Ross I uh, I think Carol’s great and I’m sure you’re a very attractive man, but I….
Joey: You?
Joey: Wow!
Joey: All right! So, was it amazing?
Joey: Just okay—Did you do it right?!
Joey: Huh. But still Ross, you’re worst day with two women, pretty much better than any other day! Y’know what I mean?
Joey: But you got to be with both of them, right?
Joey: Not the other one?
Joey: Yeah, you don’t want that.
Joey: Well hey, at least you got to see a lot of stuff, right?
Joey: You got a little bored?
Joey: Yeah? What did ya have?
Joey: Sounds good.
Joey: (he’s just picked up their bill) Hey! So, what’s with the 20 percent tip? Did I do something wrong?
Joey: Y’know what’s more generous than that?! Fifty percent! Y’know what’s even more generous than that?!!
Joey: All right, look I’m sorry you guys, but it’s just that I gotta get these new head shots made. And they’re really expensive, y’know? I’m down to like three! Well, actually two ‘cause one of ‘em I kinda blackened in some teeth—Why did I do that?! (Hits himself in the head.)
Joey: Oh, ha-ha-ha! Ooh! Wait a minute, I used to get medical experiments down on me all the time!
Joey: No-no! I used to get paid for all kinds of medical stuff, remember? Let’s see uh, well I don’t want to donate sperm again. (To Ross) I really prefer doing that at the home office y’know? (Ross nods his head.) Ooh-ooh, maybe they want like some of my blood or-or spit or something, huh?
Joey: Yeah?
Joey: Uhh do it?
Joey: Well, where was I? (Takes a sip of the coffee.)
Joey: Takes it out of you? (Laughs.)
Joey: Ohh, hey! Why don’t you book a date for both of you at one of those romantic spas?
Joey: And of course, crotchless panties. 
Joey: You can’t make crotchless panties? You take, you take a pair of scissors and you just cut…
Joey: (to the receptionist) Hi uh, I’m Joey Tribbiani and with all do respect I’d like to donate some fluids.
Joey: Oh that’s too bad. I’ve kinda been saving up. (She just looks at him in horror.) Uh, are you sure there’s no studies I can participate in?
Joey: Thanks. (Starts to read it.) Well but this one starts now. (Points to one.)
Joey: But it’s $2,000.
Joey: Well how about this one? Testing the effects of Joey Tribbiani on attractive nurse receptionists.
Joey: (in his head) 2,000 bucks is a lot of money. Oh, I wish I had a twin. Where could I find someone who looks exactly like me? (The camera widens its shot to reveal a room full of Joey look-a-likes. Joey looks at the guy next to him and then back at his script.)
Joey: (entering) No! No! No! No! No! How you doin’?! How you doin’—Damnit Carl! Go wait in the hall! (Goes into the hall.)
Joey: Look, I got to apologize on the behalf of Carl.
Joey: Oh, did I not mention? Carl is a guy I hired to be my identical twin for a medical research project.
Joey: Okay, I know it sounds crazy, but I think it might work. Y’know? The only problem is, Carl’s acting is… (Does the international hand symbol for so-so.)
Joey: Yeah, he’s the reason I didn’t get that big Minute Maid commercial a couple of years ago remember? We were supposed to be brothers, but he messed it up.
Joey: (to Carl) Pizza!! We like Pizza!! Get out!!! (Carl does so.)
Joey: All right Carl, we’re next. Now remember, what is not gonna be?
Joey: That’s right! And what are you not gonna do?
Joey: (gets very angry) Damnit Carl! (Carl goes to say something more, and Joey silences him with a grunt.)
Joey: That’s us.
Joey: That’s right, $2,000.
Joey: Damnit Carl!
Joey: Oh hey, do you still have their final exams?
Joey: Oh, ‘cause you can just match the evaluation to the exam with the same handwriting and boom, there’s your admirer. (Ross is stunned.)
Joey: Oh, well think of it like this, when you’re 90…
Joey: No that’s not what I was going to say at all. No, what I was going to say is when you’re 90 you’ll still have the memory of what it was like to be with a 20-year-old.
Joey: Hey Chandler! Y’know that girl you went to college with who-who became a movie director?
Joey: Oh well listen, anyway she’s directing the new Al Pacino movie. You gotta get me an audition!
Joey: No-no-no, please-please Chandler I-I-I would owe you so much!
Joey: Hey-hey dude, why are you changing the subject? Why? Will you make the call or what?
Joey: All right! Thanks! You’re the best! Now listen, the last day of auditions is Thursday. Okay? So I gotta get in there by Thursday. Okay? Just remember Thursday. Thursday. Can you remember Thursday?
Joey: (angrily) Thursday! Look if you need help remembering think of like this, the third day. All right? Monday, one day. Tuesday, two day. Wednesday, when? Huh? What day? Thursday! The third day! Okay?!
Joey: Okay.
Joey: The part I want to audition for is a fireman, this is so meant to be!
Joey: (to the fireman) Hey buddy, do you think I can borrow your uniform this Thursday?
Joey: Oh, how bad is it?
Joey: Chandler, is that… (Mimes someone using a movie camera and Chandler nods yes.)
Joey: Hey-hey listen… (Chandler waves him away.)
Joey: When you’re off the phone, do you wanna get a pizza?
Joey: Hey listen, so when’s-when’s my audition? I mean I know it’s Thursday, but what time?
Joey: Ah-ha!
Joey: Hey, you wanna do Joey a favor, maybe you go out with Joey. (He turns around to see Chandler glaring at him.)
Joey: This right here is where I keep the pizza. (He points to the chair.) And uh that’s where the napkin is. (Points to the floor next to the chair.)
Joey: I know! (Shrugs his shoulders.)
Joey: This is where I keep the pizza. (It’s the same location as before.) And—Hey! Where did the napkin go?! (The napkin is not in it’s spot.)
Joey: (in a funny voice) Yeah, so it turns out that it wasn’t the hair straightener that started the fire. (Rachel prompts him on what to say next.) No-no, it was the candles. It’s very not good leaving candles unattended. In fact, one of the first things they teach you in fire school is… (Phoebe suddenly enters.) Uhh… Uhh… Okay. Well, I have to go now. (Phoebe leaves.)
Joey: Well Ross, it seems pretty clear. I mean what’s more important? What people think or how you feel, huh? Ross, you gotta follow your heart.
Joey: Hey-hey-hey! So, how did it go with Dana? Any reason I should leave a block of time open say Thursday?
Joey: You couldn’t do it?!
Joey: Ah whatever!
Joey: No that’s all right. Don’t worry about it.
Joey: Rach! Hey! It’s fine! You’re at Joey’s!
Joey: Yeah! Look! (He throws some of his spaghetti on the floor.)
Joey: I know.
Joey: All right, don’t waste it, I mean its still food. (He picks it up and eats it.)
Joey: Hey, here you go. (Hands her another one.)
Joey: Oh, very funny. I don’t know if you remember, but my audition was supposed to be Thursday. (Chandler doesn’t say anything until Joey figures it out.) You got me the audition?! Let’s hug it up! (They hug.)
Joey: That’s right, all the ladies want to stay at Joey’s.
Joey: Yeah. 
Joey: Hey!
Joey: So?
Joey: Wh? Monday, one day. Tuesday, two day. Wednesday, when huh what? Thurs—(He gasps in horror.) Oh! (Runs out and Chandler just shakes his head. After a second Joey runs back in to grab a piece of pizza and runs back out.)
Joey: Well that thing is clearing in the way! All right. Ah-ha! (He grabs a screwdriver and starts to attack the compressor, only he causes a small short circuit and shocks himself.) Ah-ah!! Damn fridge! 
Joey: Great! Roomie!
Joey: Yeah! Well, now that you brought it up, our fridge is broken. We have to get a new one. Now, I checked around and your half is $400. Thanks a lot.
Joey: Look Rach, my parents bought this fridge just after I was born, okay? Now, I have never had a problem with it. Then you show up and it breaks! What does that tell ya’?
Joey: All right, now you know that the ATM will only lets you take out 300 at a time, I’ll take a check for the other hundred.
Joey: Of course I’m jokin’! I don’t take checks.
Joey: Oh, I’m sorry. Thank you Chandler.
Joey: Ooh! So close.
Joey: Hey-hey come on you guys, give him a break. Ross, seriously, how’s it going with her?
Joey: Huh.
Joey: The fridge broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts, ice cream, limes—Hey, what was in that brown jar?
Joey: Not anymore. So anyway, how do you want to pay me?
Joey: No! No! No! For my new fridge—our new fridge!
Joey: So what? Look, suppose we were a divorced couple.
Joey: And I got custody of the kid, right? Now suppose the kid dies and-and I gotta buy a new kid.
Joey: (pause) Give me $400!
Joey: Or! You can just, y’know… (He walks up close to whisper in Ross’s ear and when he gets there he pushes Ross into the fridge.)
Joey: What? What the hell am I doing? You just broke my fridge!
Joey: Oh-ho-ho, you think I don’t know what breaks my fridge? Excuse me! (He opens the door and feels inside.) Well what do you know! Broken! That’ll be $400!
Joey: (pause) You pushed him!
Joey: All right. Chandler, do you remember how I told you about our fridge?
Joey: I still haven’t gotten a check for your half yet.
Joey: I’m not talking to you! You broke my fridge!
Joey: (entering) Pheebs! There you are! Okay, you broke my fridge; you owe me 400 bucks!
Joey: Really?!
Joey: Call it even?
Joey: Man, she is going to have a great time! Is she staying at the Hotel Corona?
Joey: Sure! I was there! Spring Break ’81! Woo-hoo!
Joey: So what? I drove down, sold T-shirts, had a blast. And y’know who knows how to party? Drunk college chicks.
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Joey: I just got this really weird message from Ross. He said turn on MTV.
Joey: Ahh, to be 13 again.
Joey: The reactor’s gonna blow in three seconds, we’re never gonna make it!
Joey: No! I won’t leave you!
Joey: No you’re not! Not to me!
Joey: What?
Joey: Yeah, you’re great! Okay, let’s take it from…
Joey: Yeah, I thought I was pretty good too.
Joey: Y’know what? I think that’s enough for now. Yeah. I don’t want to be over rehearsed.
Joey: Oh, it’s a new TV show. Yeah. I’m up for the part of Mac Macaveli or "Mac." Yeah, I’m a detective and I solve crimes with the help of my robot partner. He’s a, he’s a Computerized Humanoid Electronically Enhanced Secret Enforcer or-or "C.H.E.E.S.E."
Joey: That’s the title! Yeah! Y’know they really lucked out that the initials spell cheese.
Joey: Well, don’t get your hopes up, because probably not gonna happen.
Joey: I mean come on you guys! My own TV show? I just don’t know if I’m good enough.
Joey: You really think so?
Joey:  Yeah, and oh she's really nice too. She taught me all about how to work the cameras, and smell-the-fart acting.
Joey:  It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need a minute to remember your next one. So while you're thinkin' of it, you take this big pause where you look all intense, you know, like this. (Does this intense look where it looks like he's smelling a fart.)
Joey: (there's a gunshot on TV) There's my scene, there's my scene. [Joey on tv] "Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's neurosurgeon.  I'm afraid the situation is much worse than we expected. Your sister is suffering from a..." (Does the smell-the-fart look.)
Joey: (on stage in an Austrian accent) Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite clear. (He goes into a song and dance number.) 
Joey:  I play Al Pacino's butt. All right? He goes into the shower, and then- I'm his butt.  Monica: (trying not to laugh) Oh my God.  Joey:  C'mon, you guys. This is a real movie, and Al Pacino's in it, and that's big!  Chandler: Oh no, it's terrific, it's- it's- y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into show business.  Joey: Okay, okay, fine! Make jokes, I don't care! This is a big break for me!  Ross: You're right, you're right, it is.
Joey: All right well, I’m outta here. Wish me luck.
Joey: Yeah, whatever. (Exits.)
Joey: (entering, dejectedly) Hey.
Joey: Terrible! I messed up every line! I shouldn’t even be an actor!
Joey: Yeah, did I fool ya?
Joey: Oh, it went amazingly well!
Joey: Yeah-yeah, it’s down to me and two other guys.
Joey: And I know both of them, they’re really good. One of them is the guy from those allergy commercials who’s always getting chased by those big flowers…
Joey: I’m just so nervous! Y’know? The callback isn’t until tomorrow at five. I feel like my head is going to explode!
Joey: There’s just so much pressure. I mean no offense, but what you guys do is very different. I don’t know if you’d understand.
Joey: I want this part so much! Y’know? If I don’t get this part I’m never gonna eat Macaroni and Cheese again!—No, I didn’t say that! That’s a lie.
Joey: Yes!! Ha-ha!! All right! Hey! How cool would it be if you could watch like a real life-sized version of this? Huh? I mean how crazy would that be?
Joey: (on phone) Hello? (Listens) What are you talking about? The audition’s not ‘til 5:00! (Chandler suddenly remembers and looks at the unfinished message then tries to sneak over and finish it as Joey listens.) Well, nobody told me! (Listens) Who’d you talk to? (Listens and turns around to see Chandler trying to finish the message.) Nevermind! (Hangs up.)
Joey: The allergy guy got the part! Thanks!
Joey: How could you do this to me Chandler?! This part could’ve turned my whole career around!
Joey: Hey, you don’t even live here anymore! What are you doing answering my phone? I have my machine!
Joey:  And what?! Did you sleep with her?!
Joey:  What?!! That’s even worse!!
Joey:  I don’t know! But it’s the same!
Joey:  Over the line?! You-you’re-you’re so far past the line, that you-you can’t even see the line! The line is a dot to you!
Joey: Name one!
Joey: (getting out) Awww, man! He promised he wouldn’t take the chairs!!
Joey:  Well, this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn’t think big enough to fit a grown man!
Joey:  I was tryin’ to make a sale!! Oh, man, if I ever run into that guy again, do you know what I’m gonna do?
Joey: No way!  I've been going to the guy for 12 years.
Joey: That's how they do pants!  Ross, will you tell him? Isn't that how they measure pants?
Joey: I said name one!
Joey: Okay, buddy-boy. Here it is. You hide my clothes, I'm wearing everything you own.
Joey: Look at me! I'm Chandler! Could I be wearing any more clothes? Maybe if I wasn't going commando...
Joey: Yeah. Whew, it's hot with all of this stuff on. I ah, I better not do any, I don't know, lunges. (starts doing lunges)
Joey: Hey!
Joey: What message?
Joey: What?! It’s 6 o’clock!
Joey: I can’t believe this Chandler!
Joey: Well you-you-you-you might say congratulations! I saw the board! I went to the audition! I got the part!!
Joey: Oh, well I’m uh…
Joey: Oh wow! Okay man, I’m sorry. I did not mean to make you feel bad.
Joey: (shocked) That’s mean! You really had me going there!
Joey: Yeah, you’re right. Okay look, listen, let’s talk about what a huge star I’m gonna be!
Joey: You hug me!
Joey: Hey, do we do this too much?
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Come on C.H.E.E.S.E., I’m not leaving without you! Try routing your backup source through your primary CPU.
Joey: Wow! (Back to reading the scene.) Well then I’ll just have to carry you.
Joey: Ross, you don’t have to yell.
Joey: Y’know what? I think that’s enough for today. Thanks for your help! (He grabs their scripts and heads for his room.)
Joey: (entering) Hey guys!
Joey: Am I psyched? The lead in my own TV series? I’ve dreamed about this for years! Why have I not been preparing?!
Joey: But I got to act with a robot Pheebs, and-and I don’t know anything about technology! I can’t even use Chandler’s computer except to find porn! And-and that’s only ‘cause it’s right there when you turn it on!
Joey: Wow! Huh? (Picks up the phone) Mac Macaveli, Private Investigator!
Joey: Okay. Hey uh, when do I get to meet the robot?
Joey: Okay.
Joey: Oh wow! He’s so lifelike! (Starts touching the guy’s cheeks) Unbelievable! (He starts tugging on the guy’s ears.
Joey: (slaps Wayne on his cheek) How do you do there, Wayne? (Backs away.)
Joey: Okay. Sorry about that…(Mimics that cheek thing he just did.) Uh, so where’s C.H.E.E.S.E.?
Joey: (laughs) This is like the temporary robot, right?
Joey: Well, I-I just, I just it was going to be like a really cool robot, y’know? Like the terminator or uh, when I first saw you.
Joey: I’m sorry, it just—I don’t know it doesn’t really look like it can do anything.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Pretty great! Except I did get a little attitude from the robot.
Joey: Anyway, it wasn’t the robot, it was the guy who controls him. Yeah, he doesn’t like me. He had C.H.E.E.S.E. knock over the sandwich right when I was reaching for one! Ohh!
Joey: I may have to, I hate to do it, but I’m the star! Y’know? There’s a limit to how many sandwiches I can eat off the floor. (His cell phone rings) Excuse me. (Answers it, on phone) Joey Tribbiani. 
Joey: Wow!
Joey: I’m the lead in Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.!!
Joey: Apparently, there’s like a million guys out there that can play Mac, and there’s only this one robot and this one guy who controls it! I didn’t know he could get me fired! What am I going to do?
Joey: Thanks, but I kinda have a problem to deal with here.
Joey: That’s not a bad idea. Yeah. Okay, but if I got to turn on the charm tomorrow I’m not wasting anymore of it over here with you guys. (Starts to leave, but stops and turns to Phoebe.) Well, actually I got a little bit saved for you Pheebs. (Exits.)
Joey: Morning! Hey, how’s my favorite genius and my little robot buddy?! (Pats C.H.E.E.S.E. on the head.)
Joey: Okay! (He yanks his hand away.) All right. Umm, all right Wayne, level with me. Okay? I-I keep hearing all these rumors that I might get fired. Okay, they even have actors coming in to read for my part! Come on man, you-you got to give me a second chance! I mean, I love-I love this little guy! (He grabs C.H.E.E.S.E.’s arm and pulls it off at the elbow.) Ah-ah!! (Wayne is shocked.) Okay, that’s why you didn’t want me to touch him right? Here you go! Okay? (Hands Wayne the arm and he goes to fix it. Meanwhile Joey starts to berate himself.) Stupid! I can’t believe it! God! (A very beautiful woman walks by.) (To her) Hey, how you doin’? (He and her go over to talk and Wayne looks on with envy.)
Joey: I can’t believe I’m going to lose this job!
Joey: Yeah! Help me get this mini-fridge past the security guard.
Joey: Yeah? Well, I don’t want to talk to you Wayne! I hate you! You ruined my life! Oh, Chandler, Wayne. Wayne, Chandler. (They shake hands.)
Joey: (incredulous) Why should I help you?!
Joey: (happily) What do you need?
Joey: Yeah?
Joey: What are you in love with her or something?
Joey: Oh wow Wayne, it’s not really something you can teach y’know? It’s pretty much something you’re born with if you—(Off Chandler’s look)—You-you can teach it! I’ll show you right how to do it.
Joey: Well, it turns out you were right C.H.E.E.S.E.
Joey: You got it! And the rabbi’s beard, 100% horsehair. Nice catch C.H.E.E.S.E.! (Pauses as he waits for C.H.E.E.S.E.’s next line.) It’s your line C.H.E.E.S.E.! (Suddenly C.H.E.E.S.E. goes crazy and starts flinging it’s arms and advancing on Joey behind the desk.) Wayne! Wayne!!
Joey: (nodding knowingly) Now you’re thinking you gotta sleep with him.
Joey: Me too.
Joey: Oh man! (Hits Chandler)
Joey: Hey Ross listen Chandler got you out of going to the lesbian sandwich museum this weekend!
Joey: I know. It was so cool when I was up there before. Me and Jim Belushi would just be crackin’ up about something… Then I get fired off of Days Of Our Lives and he takes me down. Now he’s just laughing at me. Look at him, that smug Belushi bastard, I’ll…
Joey: Hey! So I’m back.
Joey: Joey Tribbiani! From the wall! (The dry cleaner doesn’t remember) Okay, maybe this will jog your memory, huh? (Holds his picture up in front of his face.) Huh? Okay eh-ah-anyway, I’m ready to go back up on the wall I’m the star of a new TV show.
Joey: Oh well, it’s not on TV yet.
Joey: Okay, fine, I will bring you a tape, huh? (Walks away)
Joey: (entering) Hey! So, did you watch the tape of my show?
Joey: All right, let’s get me back up there! (Holds out his picture.)
Joey: What—But you saw the show!
Joey: Dry cleaners?
Joey: Okay! Okay, look! You-you-you got Harrison Ford up there!
Joey: Okay well that may be true. But, in-in okay, Air Force One the Russians were terrorists! And evil! And plus he kills a bunch of them! That-that-that’s offensive to Russians.
Joey: Oh you should, it’s great.
Joey: Uh yeah, where-where’s the guy who decides who’s pictures go up on the wall?
Joey: Oh, you’re kidding me! All-all right, well make sure you tell him that Joey Tribbiani stopped by to drop off all of these clothes. Okay? I’m an actor; I’m kinda getting my picture up there on the wall.
Joey: Oh really? Well, maybe you and I go out for drinks? (Pause) You’re the other one right? (She thinks about it for a second and nods yes.)
Joey: I didn’t do that! Who would’ve done that?!
Joey: Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa, I-I—Hey! I did not go out with your wife! (The same woman from before enters.) Okay? I went out with her! (Points at her.)
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Hey Gunther.
Joey: Oh uh, well I just came in for a cup of coffee to go.
Joey: No! No, I quit a long time ago. (Pause) Did I forget to you that one? I’m sorry.
Joey: Great! (Takes his coffee and leaves.)
Joey: Hey. (Heads straight for the fridge.)
Joey: Oh, I’m sorry. You wanna bite? (Holds his piece out for him.)
Joey: No.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Oh, we’re supposed to just get him a ticket?! That guy is always mooching off of us!
Joey: Oh wow that’s a great idea! And I still have his credit card.
Joey: Hey-hey-hey-ho-ho, I got this one. Here you go. (Hands Gunther Chandler’s card.) Y’know I gotta tell ya, sometimes I just—I don’t get Chandler. Y’know, me and him do stuff all the time without you and you don’t get all upset.
Joey: All the time!
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Joey: Whoa-whoa-hey-hey! (Motions to Chandler, "What’s going on?") Hi, Paul is it? (Paul nods yes and still hugging Joey.)
Joey: Yes, it’s in my… In…in my pocket. (Paul hasn’t dropped him yet.) (Chandler starts to reach for his front pocket.) My back pocket! My back pocket!
Joey: Oh hey listen I got us tickets to a Knicks game tonight.
Joey: Come on! It’ll be fun! Me, you, and Ross, and… Paul probably…
Joey: No! He blew us off!
Joey: I know!
Joey: Can I tell you something? Me too.
Joey: Ooooh! Freeze him out.
Joey: I like it!
Joey: From now on, it’s gonna be Joey and Ross, best friends. (They shake hands.) Okay! We’re gonna be the new Joey and Chandler.
Joey: (To Ross) I think we gotta end the freeze out.
Joey: Oh my God!!
Joey: And-and-and-and-and-and, and we’re gonna be friends again! 
Joey: Oh it’s water under the bridge, forget it!
Joey: I think I’m gonna cry!
Joey: (holding an empty tissue box) Where’s all the tissues?! (Throws the box down in disgust.)
Joey: Okay listen, how are you gonna ask her?
Joey: That sounds perfect!
Joey: You’re gonna mess it up let me do it.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Hey Rach!
Joey: Where are you going?
Joey: Hey, y’know what? I’ll come too. I’m making money now; it’s about time I give something back.
Joey: Okay. Have a benefit.
Joey: That’s not what she said last night. (Ross glares at him.)
Joey: It’s the big night! We wanted to wish you good luck!
Joey: (behind them) Oh!! Shrimp toast! (Walks right past the little group on his way for the shrimp toast.)
Joey: Hey!
Joey: I won! That was my guess!
Joey: I guessed 20,000!
Joey: What?! I don’t have 20,000!
Joey: I didn’t know it was an auction!
Joey: I figured, take a guess, help a charity, free boat!
Joey: I don’t know! Charity?
Joey: Oh hi!
Joey: Just out of curiosity, how-how much is that boat worth?
Joey: (To Rachel) Hey, I was pretty close. (She just glares at him.) Uhh, so bad news. Umm, I can’t buy the boat, I don’t have any money.
Joey: So uh listen, I think I’m gonna take off now. (Starts to get up.)
Joey: Well, what am I gonna do Rach?! I don’t have that kind of money!
Joey: Okay.
Joey: Look, I don’t know why the kids need a youth center anyway! Y’know? They should just watch TV after school like I did and I turned out fine!
Joey: Rach! Rachel! Okay, the next highest bidder is at table one.
Joey: (To Phoebe) Oh and uh the guy who got the Paris trip is at table four.
Joey: Uhh, excuse me is there a Mr. Bowmont at this table?
Joey: Ahh, yes. (Pushes Rachel in front of himself so that she could do the talking.)
Joey: You-you have to pay that! It’s not just a guess.
Joey: Are you kidding me?! She’s gonna this boat!
Joey: Aw-awww!
Joey: Oooooh…
Joey: No way! It’s mine!!
Joey: All that stuff you just said? I want that!
Joey: Who cares?! I-I’ll make payments, whatever it takes, I want the Mr. Bowmont!!
Joey: Oh my God, you’re back!
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: What?! Noooo… (Phoebe gasps.)
Joey: We didn’t ruin it!
Joey: Glove salesman!
Joey: Hey, being you is finally gonna pay off! (They give each other fives.)
Joey: That guy’s still doing that?!
Joey: Yeah! And also, a little like a French guy. (They both squint at each other.) I never noticed that before.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: (laughs) Yeah, Big Brother.
Joey: (all excited) The Mr. Bowmont’s here!!! (Jumps over the back off the couch and runs out into the street.)
Joey: Hey uh, have you guys scene Chandler?
Joey: Hey Monica!
Joey: This is for my boat, pretty cool huh?
Joey: Whoa-whoa, what’s the matter?! Talk to the captain!
Joey: Chandler giving you a hard time huh?
Joey: Well, you know Chandler.
Joey: Maybe you changed?
Joey: Maybe that’s the problem.
Joey: Chandler is a complex fellow, one who is unlikely to take a wife.
Joey: I don’t know! (All excited) I haven’t totally decided how to talk on my boat yet.
Joey: Monica face it, Chandler is against marriage. And-and always will be!
Joey: There are?
Joey: R-R-Richard said he wants to marry you?! (Monica nods yes.) And-and Chandler’s tellin’ ya how much he hates marriage?!
Joey: Chandler loves marriage!!
Joey: You got that from what I said?!
Joey: Where the hell have you been?!
Joey: Richard told Monica he wants to marry her!
Joey: Yeah! Yeah, I’ve been trying to find ya to tell to stop messing with her and maybe I would have if these (lifts a leg) damn boat shoes wouldn’t keep flying off!
Joey: I know! They suck!!
Joey: I know!
Joey: Look, Chandler I don’t think us getting our asses kicked is a solution. Okay? Just go and find Monica!
Joey: Yeah!
Joey: Okay.
Joey: Dude-dude-dude!
Joey: Let me know about that coconut phone, it might great for the boat.
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Joey: Phoebe! We’re both (points at Ross and himself) your backup?!
Joey: No we weren’t!
Joey: Pick me!!
Joey: This is crazy! Hey look, I wanna switch to Rachel!
Joey: Okay that’s fair.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Dude!
Joey: She’s gone.
Joey: She’s gone. She had a bag and she left.
Joey: She was all crying. She-she said you guys want different things, and that and that she needed time to think.
Joey: I-I did! I told her everything, Chandler! But she wouldn’t believe me.
Joey: To her parent’s I think and she said you shouldn’t call her. But if I were you I would.
Joey: I am so sorry man.
Joey: (yelling through the door) Can we come it yet?! We’re dying out here!
Joey: Yeah!
Joey: (grabbing the candy bar) Yeah I’ll take that.
Joey: Yeah, she’s been out there for twenty minutes, I’m surprised you didn’t hear her on the way over.
Joey: But I-I-I can’t stay too long, I gotta get up early for a commercial audition tomorrow and I gotta look good. I’m supposed to be playing a 19-year-old. (Everyone stops in their tracks upon hearing this.) What?
Joey: You guys don’t think I look 19?
Joey: (To Phoebe) Hey, is uh the rest of my candy bar around here?
Joey: I was afraid of that. 
Joey: ‘Sup? ‘Sup dude?
Joey: So you’re playing a little Playstation, huh? That’s whack! Playstation is whack! ‘Sup with the whack Playstation, ‘sup?! Huh? Come on, am I 19 or what?!
Joey: Come on man, really how old?!
Joey: Wow thanks! (He goes into his bedroom and closes the door.)
Joey: Yeah!
Joey: When? Today? Some, not a lot.
Joey: Don’t worry about that man, that happens.
Joey: Yeah! Once.
Joey: I did it anyway.
Joey: Oh my God! I cannot believe you guys are talking about this! The problems in the bedroom are between the man and the woman!!! All right?!! Now Chandler is doing the best he can!!
Joey: What? 
Joey: You guys kissed! Oh my—this is huge!
Joey: Monica-Monica-Monica-Monica, listen-listen, listen, listen, would-would it make you feel better if we all stop talking about Ross and Rachel.
Joey: You got it. Okay. Now, I can pass for 19 right?!
Joey: Really?
Joey: Seriously?
Joey: (gasps) I’m 30!
Joey: (realizes) Aww crap!
Joey: Psss, that is whack!
Joey: Yeah! Well, I think we’ll see if they actually let you play. Huh? I mean they tell you anything you want to hear like-like, "You look 19," and then they just take it away like-like, "No you don’t."
Joey: Wouldn’t she?
Joey: Would she? (He smells something and gasps as he realizes what it is.) You ate my candy bar!
Joey: They break your heart, don’t they?
Joey: Yeah! If you wanna sing at their wedding, well you sing at their wedding!
Joey: What?! What’s wrong with my eyes.
Joey: And that’ll get rid of my wisdom?
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Who wants French toast?
Joey: Good, me too. (Tosses him the loaf.) Eggs and milk are in the fridge. Thanks.
Joey: (sitting up from the couch) Hey Mon, do you have another pillow? (Holds up one.) Y’know, something a little snugglyer?
Joey: Well, the duck…
Joey: Uh, well he did not get sick somewhere in there and it was immediately found and properly cleaned up!
Joey: (sitting up again) Guys! Guys!! You gotta let me nap! Ugh, I’m gonna get cranky!
Joey: Yes it is perfectly good, and it is not one of the places the duck got sick!
Joey: All right, I’m gonna go! (Gets up and heads for the door.)
Joey: I don’t know! But he did not eat your face cream!
Joey: Hey little buddy, how are you feeling? (The duck does not get sick and Joey recoils in horror and heads for the couch.) What the hell is in that face cream? (He’s about to try out the couch but notices the bed in Rachel’s room. He walks into her room and feels the bed.) That’s so soft. (He pulls back the comforter.) Pillowcases! (He climbs in and groans in delight. Suddenly, he feels something under him and pulls out a little beat up paperback book. He opens it and starts to read from it.) (In his head.) Zelda looked at the chimney sweep. Her father, the vicar…(Stops reading and thinks.) The vicar? (Continues reading) …wouldn’t be home for hours. Her loins were burning. She threw caution to the wind and reached out and grabbed his…(Out loud.) Whoa! (Reads on in silence.) Whoa-ho-ho-ho! This is a dirty book! (Continues to read.)
Joey: Sweepin’. Why? Turn you on?
Joey: Huh. What if I was sweeping a chimney?
Joey: Where are you going? The vicar won’t be home for hours.
Joey: Where do you think, (pause) Zelda?
Joey: Yeah I did!
Joey: Okay, look I’m sorry, I went in there to take a nap and I know I shouldn’t have, but you got porn!
Joey: You got porn!
Joey: Hey Rach.
Joey: Hey Rach, do you smell smoke?
Joey: No-no-no, I’m serious. You don’t smell it? Something’s on fire.
Joey: Oh, y’know what? It’s probably just your burnin’ loins.
Joey: Dude, what are you massaging an old man for?
Joey: Gotcha.
Joey: Hello, Zelda.
Joey: The vicar!
Joey: Like a goalie, right?
Joey: All right, I’m sorry. Rach I—Rach I’m sorry. Okay? I’m sorry! Maybe I can make up for it by, taking you roughly in the barn. (Giggles.)
Joey: Huh?
Joey: (nervously backing away) I-I-I-I did? (He puts a stool in front of her.)
Joey: This body? (He backs into the kitchen.)
Joey: Hey-hey, you’re startin’ to sound like the butcher’s wife there in-in chapter seven.
Joey: I don’t want to, I’m scared.
Joey: What?
Joey: Eyes! No, no. Your eyes! No. Chandler’s eyes!
Joey: Feminine.
Joey: (entering) Ahoy!
Joey: Great! I’m finally getting into this sailing stuff.
Joey: Why would I do that? It took three guys to get the thing in there!
Joey: Oh, it’s great! It’s a great place to just kinda, sit, hang around, drink a few beers, eat some chips. (He says that as he sits, hangs around, drinks a beer, and eats a chip.)
Joey: You could?
Joey: (drinking a beer) Look at this clown! Just because he’s got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river. (Yelling) Get out of the way jackass! (To Rachel) Who names his boat Coast Guard anyway?
Joey: What are they doing out here? The coast’s all the way over there. (Points to the coast, meanwhile there is coast behind him.)
Joey: All right.
Joey: Come on Rach, not again. I got it! Okay? Let’s start sailing, and I want to go over there (Points) where that boatload of girls is! (Yelling to them) Yo-ho-ho!
Joey: Uh, boat rope.
Joey: Uhh, rub it?
Joey: I’d say, come again. No-no, wait I-I-I know this one, I know this one, uh…
Joey: And deaf!
Joey: Yes.
Joey: I want to make a ship to shore call to Chandler.
Joey: (entering) Hey.
Joey: I don’t want to talk about it. Y’know, you could’ve at least saved me a whole cookie. (He grabs what’s left of the cookie and pops in his mouth.)
Joey: (recoils in horror) Women are mean!!! (Storms out.)
Joey: (entering) Hey.
Joey: Oh uh, I don’t know the boat way to say this, but uh never!
Joey: Because! You’re mean on the boat!
Joey: Well, lesson learned! Rachel is mean!
Joey: Does a good teacher say, "Put down the beer pinhead!?"
Joey: Six and a half! You knocked that last one out of my hand! Remember?
Joey: Well it hit me anyway! And it would’ve hurt a lot less if I had finished that last beer.
Joey: You won’t boss me around anymore?
Joey: And you’ll be nice?
Joey: And you’ll be topless?
Joey: Do you want me to learn?!
Joey: Ohh yeah.
Joey: Nope.
Joey: I don’t know why you just don’t say left.
Joey: Huh?
Joey: (hurrying over) Okay! Okay, you’re yelling again! See that?
Joey: Oh, y’know what? Since I’m here, I think I’m gonna have me a little beer on the port side. (Grabs and opens one.)
Joey: Uh, wow, you just said a bunch of stuff I didn’t know there.
Joey: Oh, y’know, when we did that was when that bird was flying overhead with the fish in his mouth. Did you see it? It was gross!
Joey: All right that’s it! You’re yelling and I don’t see you taking your top off! I quit!
Joey: Why not?!
Joey: Greens? I’m a Tribbiani! And Tribbianis quit!
Joey: Yes! Yes! You did and you’re still yelling at me!
Joey: Well, hey I did learn.
Joey: Yeah! Come on.
Joey: Yeah, it’s okay. I know what a mainsail is. (Points to it. It’s the larger sail.) I know, I know to duck when the boom comes across. I-I know port is right.
Joey: Damnit!
Joey: Yeah, yeah. Hey, why don’t you give a pull on that rope? (Points.)
Joey: Just pull on it.
Joey: What else?
Joey: Thank you.
Joey: What are you doing?
Joey: What you—don’t hold it like that! You’re lettin’ all the good stuff fall out.
Joey: Careful! You’re wasting good pastrami! (Gasps.) Oh my God! I’m my dad!
Joey: (laughing and turning off the TV) So, what did you guys think?
Joey: (on phone) Mom, so what did you think? (He walks away allowing the gang a chance to figure out what they’re gonna say.)
Joey: (hangs up the phone) Wow! Well, my folks really liked it! So what-what did you guys think? (Phoebe smiles, walks up to him, and presses her breasts against him.) It wasn’t that good.
Joey: (entering from bathrooms excitedly) You guys! You guys! You’re not gonna believe what my agent just told me!
Joey: Ooh, sorry. Sorry. You finish, go.
Joey: I’m gonna be on two TV shows!
Joey: Oh, you weren’t finished?
Joey: Uh Rach, if you’re gonna start another story, at least let me finish mine.
Joey: (groans in disgust) Wow, it’s really long.
Joey: Well, these really are the days of our lives.
Joey: Well, since you ask. They want me back on Days of Our Lives!
Joey: I’ll be playing Drake Remoray’s twin brother, Stryker!
Joey: (jumps up) Well—I got a head rush from standing up to fast right there.
Joey: Hey Terry!
Joey: It’s been a while, huh? Wow, it’s funny these halls look smaller then they used to.
Joey: So! Stryker Remoray huh? When do you want me to start?
Joey: Okay.
Joey: (looking between the pages and him) Audition? I thought you were gonna offer me the part.
Joey: Well, I was Dr. Drake Remoray, Stryker’s twin brother. I mean, who looks more me than me right?
Joey: Y’know Terry, I-I don’t really need to do this. I got my own cable TV series, (Pause) with a robot.
Joey: Well. I guess you think you’re pretty special huh? Sittin’ up here in your fancy small hall building. Makin’ stars jump through hoops for ya, huh? Well y’know what? (Throws the script away) This is one star who’s hoop… This is a star that the hoop—this hoop—I was Dr. Drake Remoray!
Joey: Hey.
Joey: Was she happy you gave her the job?
Joey: (on phone) Hello? (Listens) Oh hey! Can you, can you hang on a second? (To Phoebe and Rachel) It’s the producers over at Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E. can you excuse me for a minute? (On phone) Hey, funny you should call. I was just looking over next week’s script. (Listens) Canceled?! (Listens) Like they’re taking it off the air? (Listens) Ohh. (Listens) All right, see you Monday. (Listens) We’re not even shootin’ them anymore?!! (Listens) All right, bye! (Hangs up) They canceled Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E!
Joey: Why would they do that?! It was a good show right?!
Joey: How could this happen to me?! Yesterday I had two TV shows! Today, I got nothin’!
Joey: Uh, well they might be a little mad at me over there.
Joey: Well maybe I got a little upset and maybe I told them where they could go.
Joey: Because they wanted me to audition!
Joey: Hey! Terry.
Joey: Wait! Terry! Wait—Look—Wait I-I… Look, I’m really sorry about before. I was an idiot thinking I’m too big to audition for you. You gotta give me another chance.
Joey: Wait! Terry! Please! Look, I just lost my other job. Okay? You have no idea how much I need this. Please, help me out, for old times sake.
Joey: (jumping up and removing the bandages) I’m back baby! Ha-ha-ha!
Joey: Uhh, well I’ve got an audition down the street and I spilled sauce all over the front of my shirt. (Removes his hand to reveal a huge sauce stain.) You got an extra one?
Joey: Great. (He doesn’t like it.) You got anything that’s not Ralph Lauren?
Joey: All right, I guess this will be fine.
Joey: Nothing, why?
Joey: Huh, Rach I got to say it’s gonna take a lot of money for me to go out on a date with a dude.
Joey: Really? ‘Cause I could kinda use the money.
Joey: Yeah, okay.
Joey: Sure, no problem. (Sees something.) Ooh—Hey, donuts!
Joey: Okay. (He grabs a jelly donut, takes a bite, and guess what he spills all over himself. He tries to clean it up and smears it all over the shirt.)
Joey: See? That’s a great smile! Easy. Natural. Now, pretend I have a camera. (Chandler immediately does The Face.) You’re changing it!
Joey: All right, all right, all right, all right, you wanna know what I do when I take resume shots?
Joey: Okay, first—first of all, you want to make it look spontaneous. I look down (Looks down), look down, keep looking down; then I look up. (Looks up and smiles.) See? All right, now you try. Look down (Chandler looks down), you’re looking down, keep looking down…
Joey: I had a donut. (Chandler nods.)
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Yeah! That guy’s all right!
Joey: What?
Joey: Hey well, you can’t teach someone to be good with women. Y’know, that’s why I never had any luck with Chandler.
Joey: Hey! No-no-no-no, you can’t take him away from me! I got a great partner to pick up girls with! Finally!!
Joey: (shocked) What?!
Joey: I know, Monica told me.
Joey: I don’t know Rach.
Joey: One! (Pause.) No ten! You said ten! You can’t take that back!
Joey: I don’t know. You uh, you got something for me?
Joey: Ten. Okay. Now Tag there’s such a thing as to many women.
Joey: Yeah, for you!
Joey: Yeah, we look great together.
Joey: Y’know, we don’t have to imagine.
Joey: We’ll just see.
Joey: Yep. Hey, what do you say we make it a double feature?
Joey: Die Hard 2.
Joey: Oh, well we watch it a second time and its Die Hard 2!
Joey: And?
Joey: What are you talking about? Bitch.
Joey: Well, I don’t know!!
Joey: Yeah. Yep. Yeah. All right, well uh, I’d better go.
Joey: Yeah. All right, I’ll talk to you later.
Joey: No! Never! Never! (Pause, then Joey wants to shake Ross’s hand.) Bye.
Joey: Hey! What’s going on?
Joey: Hey! Well I hope it goes better than the last time you did it for that girl downstairs, remember? (Phoebe glares at him.)
Joey: Hey-hey-hey-hey, I can help you decide who should do it! Yeah, we could have like uh, like an audition and see how you’d handle maid of honor type situations.
Joey: Like when I want a job, I go to an audition and if I’m the best of the people they see, they give me the part.
Joey: Oh uh, me and Ross can be the judges.
Joey: Hi.
Joey: Uh hey look uh Ross, look I think we need to talk about before.
Joey: Yes we do! Now look, that was the best nap I ever had!! 
Joey: Come on! Admit it! That was the best nap you ever had!
Joey: Okay! When?!
Joey: Uh-huh!
Joey: I want to do it again.
Joey: Why not?
Joey: Fine! Do you want something to drink?
Joey: Warm milk and Excedrin P.M. (Ross just leaves.)
Joey: Okay, all right, this is how it’s going to work. We’re gonna give you hypothetical maid of honor situations and you will be scored on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being the highest.
Joey: Why is 10 the highest?
Joey: (crying) I don’t want to marry Chandler!
Joey: I’ve got cold feet.
Joey: No, one man for the rest of my life? I don’t know if I can do it! This means I’ll never get to sleep with Joey!
Joey: (out of his Monica character) Very good! Drawing on your own experience, I like that!
Joey: Okay, Phoebe…
Joey: We’re now in the ceremony, Monica is about to say, "I do" when her drunk uncle starts yelling. What do you do? Go!
Joey: Yes! Excellent! Perfect score!
Ross and Joey:
Joey: Wow. (To Ross) Good speech.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: And she’s back in the game.
Joey: All right, well first of all I would like to say that you both performed very well. Okay? You should be proud of yourselves. And-and I would also like to say that in this competition there are no losers. Well, except for Rachel—Damnit!
Joey: Boy I tell ya, that judging stuff took a lot out of me.
Joey: Yeah! I was thinking about maybe going upstairs and taking a little nap on my couch. (Raises his eyebrows, questioning Ross to see if he wants to join him.) 
Joey: No reason, I’m just saying that uh… That’s where I’ll be. 
Joey: Great nap.
Joey: (reacting first by jumping up) Dude! What the hell are you doing?! God! (Heads for his room leaving Ross.)
Joey: Morning!
Joey: Pretty good.
Joey: Okay, really good. Anyway I gotta go; I’m late for work.
Joey: Yeah—Hey, don’t worry, she’s a terrific girl. And hey listen, could you do me a favor? When she comes out could you just mention that I’m not looking for a serious relationship; that’d be great.
Joey: Just casually slip it in, y’know lay the groundwork. Tell her uh, I’m a loner—No! An outlaw! Tell her she doesn’t want to get mixed up with the likes of me.
Joey: Hey, I’m gonna call her later! Honest! Oh come on, Chandler used to do it! He’d even make the girl pancakes! Plus, he’d make extras and leave ‘em for me.
Joey: Fine! (Pause) Now, where’d we land on those pancakes? (She chases him out the door as his date emerges from the bathroom.)
Joey: Hey! What’s up?
Joey: Hey-hey, who’s your friend? (Erin turns around to face Joey, startling him) Hey!!
Joey: Erin! Still here!
Joey: Why wouldn’t ya? Erin is great! Then-then there’s you guys.
Joey: Yeah. I’ll uh, I’ll call ya.
Joey: (to Erin) Okay, good to see you again.
Joey: Bye-bye.
Joey: So, system kinda broke down huh?!
Joey: What?!!
Joey: No idea? Who do you think brought her here?
Joey: Man, do you know what guys want!
Joey: My beers?! Look you guys, she’s a very nice girl. Okay? We had a good time, but I just—I don’t see it going anywhere.
Joey: Look I’m sorry you guys, I-I just don’t think so.
Joey: Hey, don’t start judging me! (To Rachel) Huh? You’re the one who’s in love with her assistant! (To Phoebe) Huh? And you, you’re the one having the affair with the guy who keeps the pigeons on the roof!
Joey: Now hold on a second, fifth floor against that back wall?
Joey: All right, so we should go catch our movie.
Joey: I like to see the previews. (Rachel looks at him.) The candy.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Erin.
Joey: (skeptical) What party?
Joey: Who’s birthday party?
Joey: (still skeptical) Oh, and how is Allison?
Joey: (still skeptical) Yeah, look how that worked out.
Joey: Hey.
Joey: Oh, unbelievable! We had the best time!
Joey: No! No! No! You guys were totally right! This is so much better than the first time we went out. Y’know? That was so awkward, we were really nervous.
Joey: Yeah that really calms me down. And! We have so much in common! She loves sandwiches, sports, although she is a Met fan, not much of an issue now but if were ever to have kids, well that’s a…
Joey: Okay.
Joey: How can you say that?! The Mets have no closer!
Joey: What about Game 1 of the Series?
Joey: You shut up! (To Phoebe and Rachel) I love arguing with her. (To Erin) I’ll be right back. 
Joey: (returning) Hey! You wanna go?
Joey: Okay. See you guys later.
Joey: (whispers to Phoebe and Rachel) Hey, thank you so much. (They both exit.)
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Oh, it was great! I mean we walked all around the village. We went to this ice cream place, split a milkshake, 70/30 but still… And guess what, I’m thinking about taking her upstate to one of those bed and breakfasts.
Joey: No-no-no-no-no! It’s a surprise, but it’s gonna be tricky thought because she said she was gonna be pretty busy at work for a while.
Joey: Where are you gettin’ this?
Joey: Oh. Oh.
Joey: No hey Rach, it’s cool okay? Y’know I’m a loner too! (Heads for his room.) Right?
Joey: No! No. Don’t do that, just next time make sure she really likes me.
Joey: Yeah?
Joey: (coming back out) Finally!
Joey: Say hello to the new champ of Chandler's dumb states game. 
Joey: Fifty-six! 
Joey: Hey! How is New England not a state? Huh? They have a sports-team! 
Joey: 46. Wow! Who's well educated now, Mr. I-forgot-ten-states? 
Joey: (gets up) All right. Don't look at my list, Ross, 'cause there's a lot on there that you don't have. 
Joey: But the drawer full of take-out menus is okay, right? 
Joey: Don't worry, Chandler, it's not a globe of the United States. 
Joey: What the hell is in there? 
Joey: Yeah that dog left! 
Joey: (interrupting him) Don't do it! 
Joey: Told ya. (Waves bye-bye.)
Joey: Look, Chandler, I told you, never tell anyone about this dog thing. It's like Ross not likin’ ice cream. 
Joey: Half hour. (Rachel turns to look at him and he nods yes.)
Joey: All right, Rach, the big question is, does he like you? All right? Because if he doesn't like you, this is all a moo-point. 
Joey: Yeah, it's like a cow's opinion. It just doesn't matter. It's moo. 
Joey: Fine! Take their advice. No one ever listens to me. When the package is this pretty, no one cares what's inside. 
Joey: (through the window) All right, he likes you back! Huh? Told ya, you should go for it! 
Joey: (realizes what he said) Street noise drowned any of that out? (Rachel moves madly towards him) No, all right, I see you later, okay... (Turns away embarrassed) 
Joey: (entering) Okay, I'm in my sweat pants. Bring on the food! (Sees that Chandler has a worried look on his face) What's the matter? 
Joey: So? Bring the dog back, you're a hero. 
Joey: Chandler, it's like a big gerbil.
Joey: Ross, you need some help? 
Joey: (sits down next to Ross) First of all, Utah? Dude, you can't just make stuff up!
Joey: Hey! Tag's still talking to the police. 
Joey: If you said it like that, you probably did, yeah. 
Joey: Oh No-no-no-no-no-no-no! He went over to Ross' to bring the dog back here! 
Joey: You think? 
Joey: Hey.
Joey: I do. There’s uh, let’s see, Guy With a Mustache, Smokes-A-Lot Lady, Some Kids I’ve Seen, and A Red-haired Guy Who Does Not Like To Be Called Rusty.
Joey: Yeah?
Joey: Uh well yeah, that was the plan, but by the time I got to it there was only a couple of pieces left!
Joey: Hey Mon, you might wanna make some more lasagna too, because something might’ve happened to a huge chunk of it.
Joey: Almost cried huh? Hear that Chandler? Almost cried!
Joey: (about to cry) Those two only had each other!
Joey: Yeah, I saw her this morning walkin’ it by the park.
Joey: Hey Pheebs?
Joey: Hey Rach?
Joey: That sketch you mentioned? Might it have looked a little something like this? (He shows her what he’s been drawing.)
Joey: Boy I tell ya, this little talent came in handy before I could afford porn.
Joey: (watching the discussion) Hey Chandler, do we know that lady?
Joey: Yeah lady! Give us candy!!
Joey: What’s up buddy?
Joey: Waiting for candy.
Joey: (stepping in and knocking the man over) Hey, if we know it can we have candy?!!
Joey: That’s right, it’s all ruined! You guys ruined everything! You ruined it! (Steps into the apartment and Chandler closes the door.) (Joey struts over to the candy and starts eating it.)
Joey: (with his mouth full) Oh yeah, sorry about that. Mob mentality or whatever, I don’t know… (Grabs the note.)
Joey: Hey. (He exits)
Joey: Hey! Great, you’re home! Guess what Phoebe got me for Christmas! (Starts drumming.)
Joey: (yelling) No! Drums!
Joey: Hey-hey, Pheebs, check it out, we already learned a song. (To Rachel) Ready? One, two, three, four...
Rachel and Joey:
Joey: Thank you. (He gets up and puts on his jacket.) (Phoebe enters) Hey Pheebs!
Joey: Here. (Gives her the coins) Now I only owe you $49.50.
Joey: What is Rock 'n' Roll about that?
Joey: Oh wait, before you tell me what it is! (He plays a drum-roll) Okay, what is it?
Joey: Is it on me? I feel, I feel like it's on me! I got, hey! (He storms into his room)
Joey: (entering wearing a Superman costume) Merry Christmas!
Joey: (yelling from the bedroom) Is it back in the cage?
Joey: Cage closed?
Joey: All right, I should get going, big day a work. Y’know I’m in a coma? Today, they do this test on me and it turns out I’m not brain dead.
Joey: Ah-ah-ah Mr. Smartie Pants, it’s just not my character that’s not brain dead. Hey, so Pheebs, we still on for tonight?
Joey: I’ll see you at 8:00.
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Joey: Oh-Wha-Ho! What are you middle naming me for?! I left you a note!
Joey: Hey, you can cancel plans with friends if there is the possibility for sex!
Joey: Wow! I’m so sorry; I had no idea it would bother you this much.
Joey: Okay, can I-can I make it up to you? Huh? I’m sorry. (They hug.) How about uh, dinner tomorrow night?! I’ll pay for myself!
Joey: The Ross—Is that back?!! (Chandler motions no.)
Joey: Awww! Mel Torme died.
Joey: Aw! Does that mean the Sam Goody’s sale is over?!
Joey: Hey.
Joey: Uh-uh, excuse me, I do have to interrupt on Ross’s behalf. I-I think the rule applies here y’know, since she has a chance to get on broad back…
Joey: Aww that’s nice. Family should be there, huh? This is her wedding, happiest day of her life.
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Joey: (seeing what they’re doing) What do you got there?
Joey: Huh? Uh… (He starts taking off his pants.)
Joey: Oh! (Pulls up his pants.) Sorry. Uh, I’ve got those plans with Phoebe, why?
Joey: What?! Tonight?!
Joey: After she gave me that big speech?! She goes and makes a date with a guy on the same night she has plans with me? I think she’s trying to pull a fast one on Big Daddy!
Joey: Yeah, this slow roasted salmon, just how slow are we talkin’ here?
Joey: Ohh, then no. Maybe I should hear those specials again.
Joey: Oh well, that changes everything! (Grabs his menu and starts looking at it again. The waiter leaves.) Y’know what Pheebs?
Joey: You were right before. I mean, friends are so important.
Joey: Y’know-y’know what I really want?
Joey: Is to have a long, long talk. Y’know? Get Joey out on the open road and really open him up.
Joey: Yes! I will have the lobster ravioli.
Joey: What’s the rush? What?
Joey: Whoa-whoa, what is it?
Joey: A date?! No, no Pheebs you-you must be mistaken, because I know you wouldn’t schedule a date on the same night you have plans with a friend!
Joey: No, I’m gonna!! That’s right! Yeah, you made me feel really guilty about goin’ out with that girl! Like-like-like I did something terrible to you! And now Pheebs, you’re doing the same thing!
Joey: Okay, well my girl from the other night was special. She was a scientist too!
Joey: Well, she graduated from high school!
Joey: Fine!
Joey: Fine!
Joey: (to the waiter) What are you still doin’ here?! I told you, lobster ravioli!
Joey: No! No! No Pheebs, I’m not gonna yell at you. I just y’know, started thinking about you and David and I…remember how bummed you were the first time he left. And I just… Oh Pheebs, come here. (He hugs her.) Are you okay?
Joey: Hey, y’know you could always visit him.
Joey: Anything I can do? Whatever you need.
Joey: I can give it a shot.
Joey: (pulls out a fork) All right, what are we havin’? (Starts digging in.)
Joey: (looking through his binoculars at a nearby building) Y’know what else makes you wonder?
Joey: Check out the rack on this chick! (Turns around to point it out to Ross and finds that Ross is glaring at him. So he quickly puts his binoculars to his eyes and starts looking for the comet.)
Joey: Then why are you wearing Monica’s jacket?
Joey: (whispering) Ross!
Joey: Come here, check this out!
Joey: No! No-no. Look, there’s a bug stuck in tar right here. (Bends down to get a closer look.)
Joey: (standing up) Y’know, there’s two women dude.
Joey: Right-right up here. (Starts looking at them through a piece of pipe.)
Joey: (annoyed) I don’t know! (Goes back to looking through the pipe.) (Pause) Yeah, I do.
Joey: What?! All right—Hey! Don’t look at me! You’re the one who wanted to come up and look for some stupid Burger King comet!
Joey: (covering his ears and yelling) Oh no! No! No! (He starts banging on the door.)
Joey: Come on!
Joey: All right well, y’know…I guess we know what we have to do to get down.
Joey: Ross. I was thinking we could just go down the fire escape. (Points it out.)
Joey: All right, it won’t go down any further. It’s stuck.
Joey: Oh whoa-whoa wait a minute! I have to do it?!
Joey: What if I smack my head on the concrete?
Joey: (looks at the ground and at Ross) I don’t know Ross! I-I tell you what, let’s flip to see who does it, okay? You-you call it in the air, all right?
Joey: No.
Joey: What? No! No Ross! No-no! Stop! I’m not jumping! Okay, look I have an audition tomorrow and I can’t go if I break my leg.
Joey: Well all right so, it looks like we’re even!
Joey: Man, I’m starving! What the hell was I thinking at dinner?! "Do you want soup or salad?" Both! Always order both!
Joey: Yeah? Really? No one’s home?
Joey: Yeah!
Joey: All right! Just hurry up!
Joey: I think face to face.
Joey: Face to face, yeah!
Joey: All right. 
Joey: (grunting) Oh my… How much do you weigh Ross?!
Joey: Y’know, when we talked about face to face, I don’t think we thought it all the way through.
Joey: Well, just shimmy down me and drop!
Joey: Hi.
Joey: (angrily) Yeah? Maybe we should talk about that for a little while!
Joey: It’s not that far! Just drop!
Joey: Ross, you should know that my pants are startin’ to come down and I’m not wearing any underwear!
Joey: Hey.
Joey: What are you doing?
Joey: (laughs) Why would you want to do that?
Joey: Rach, there is a decent place to…
Joey: No. No. No.
Joey: No. Rosita does not move.
Joey: As in Rosita does not move.
Joey: The big deal is that it is the exact equal distance from the bathroom to the kitchen and it’s at the perfect angle so you don’t get any glare coming of off Stevie.
Joey: (glaring at her) Is there a problem?
Joey: I told you not to move it! Rach, how would you feel if say, I wanted to move you mom, and you said don’t, and I did it anyway and her head fell off?
Joey: (slowly turning and glaring at her) She’s not even cold yet!
Joey: That’s true.
Joey: Yeah, I… (Shuts off the TV.) I don’t want Stevie to see her like this.
Joey: No I won’t.
Joey: Because, I know what I like and what I don’t like! It’s not the same thing!
Joey: I don’t know why you say that so soon.
Joey: Francette? What is she? A couch?
Joey: Poor thing. Cut down in her prime.
Joey: Well, I guess you’re right. Maybe, maybe I’ll take her down to the incinerator. It’s gonna be so said, and kinda cool. (He goes to remove the back, but it doesn’t come off. So he sits down in it, puts his feet up, stands up, and looks back at it.) She’s heeled!
Joey: No it’s not weird, it’s a miracle!
Joey: Oh there is! If you want something enough and your heart is pure, wondrous things can happen!
Joey: (interrupting her) Can you tell me how this happened?
Joey: Miracle!
Joey: Someone like an…angel?
Joey: (angrily) Get your non-believer ass outta my chair! (She gets up and heads for her room.)
Joey: Yeah, me too. (He flips up his armrest in disgust.)
Joey: Fine.
Joey: No. Really?
Joey: (quietly) My chair heels itself.
Joey: Well, it looks like it wasn’t heeled after all! Yeah! So, I guess this chair is mine now! (Sits down in it and groans.)
Joey: Your chair?!
Joey: So, there was no miracle?!
Joey: (sarcastic) Oh no this is devastating! My faith is shaken. I’m so glad I have the new chair to get my through this difficult time in my life.
Joey: How do you figure?
Joey: That’s right!
Joey: Yeah! We are!
Joey: Oh yeah.
Joey: Ahhh…… (To Rachel) Eh?
Joey: Hey!
Joey: They do!
Joey: Come on Rach! Look, turning thirty is not that big a deal.
Joey: (screaming) Why God?!! Why?!! We had a deal!! Let the others grow old! Not me!! (He buries his head in Phoebe’s lap for comfort.)
Joey: (screaming) And now Chandler! We’re all gettin’ so old! (Looking up) Why are you doing this to us?! (Turns away crying.)
Joey: Yeah, you’re roommate is a soap opera star.
Joey: Hey, what’s the horsepower on this thing?
Joey: But it hurt’s my Joey’s Apple.
Joey: Well actually…
Joey: Dude, you soooo need this car.
Joey: Yep. (Starts for Monica’s room, but Chandler stops him.)
Joey: Now that you’re a couple, we don’t get two presents from you guys?
Joey: Will you quit hoggin’ it!
Joey: (to the waiter) Hey! Are those crab cakes? (The waiter nods) Did I not tell ya to come straight to me when more crab cakes were ready?
Joey: Yeah!!
Joey: Oh, I don’t know Pheebs. It’ll be okay.
Joey: That’s not gonna happen. No. (Looks up) Because we have a new deal!
Joey: Like what?
Joey: Hey, y’know what you guys? I think I’m gonna go walk her home. (Gets up and runs out.) 
Joey: Pheebs! Wait up! (She stops.) Listen uh, close your eyes. (She does so and Joey passionately kisses her.) Maybe that’s one thing you can cross off your list.
Joey: Oh, and plus I’m 1/16th Portuguese.
Joey: Oh, come on Rach! My turn just started!
Joey: Oh. Okay. Hey, can I ride this outside?
Joey: Okay! (Runs off downstairs.)
Joey: Yes!
Joey: (entering, limping, and holding his arm) I don’t like this anymore. (He sits down with them in pain.)
Joey: (crying) Why God?! Why are you doing this to us?! (He buries his head in Ross’s shoulder.)
Joey: All-all right! (They run and jump in the car.) Start it up! Let’s go!
Joey: No.
Joey: (entering, excited) Hey!
Joey: So I just talked to one of the DOOL writers today, and…
Joey: Days Of Our Lives. Anyway, you’re not gonna believe it! My character is coming out of his coma!!
Joey: And-and-and not only that, I’m gettin’ a new brain!!
Joey: Oh well, they’re killing off one of the characters on the show, and when she dies her brain is being transplanted into my body.
Joey: (seriously) Yes, it’s a highly controversial procedure.
Joey: Well, I think it’s ridiculous that you haven’t had sex in three and a half months.
Joey: Uh Cecilia Monroe, she plays Jessica Lockhart.
Joey: Nice.
Joey: Oh, tell me about it. And she’s been on the show forever, it’s gonna be really hard to fill her shoes.
Joey: Yes, but in Drake Remoray’s body. (Ross laughs unbelievably.) Why is this so hard for you to get? I thought you were a scientist!
Joey: That was a great scene! And-and-and that slap looks so real! How do you do that?
Joey: Oh anyway, I just wanted to say how wonderful I think you are.
Joey: Say what?
Joey: No. No, I’m Joey Tribbiani; we did a scene together yesterday. I-I’m the guy in the coma!
Joey: An-an-anyway I-I just wanted to say that since I’m getting your brain when you leave the show, I was wondering if there was any tips you can give me…
Joey: (quickly) I don’t know. Why? Did you hear something?
Joey: Oh uh, one of the writers.
Joey: Umm…
Joey: Okay.
Joey: Ms. Monroe… (She slaps him) Oh there you go. (She storms off, leaving Joey standing next to Dina. They share a nod at the ferocity of the slap they just received.)
Joey: So you like the nachos uh? Myself I’m partial to…
Joey: See you in 2003. (She walks away.)
Joey: I’m so sorry. Look, if it was up to me you would never leave the show.
Joey: No I mean it! I can’t believe they would do this to you! And to your fans! I mean they are going to be devastated! Heart broken! They love you so much!
Joey: Joey.
Joey: Uh yeah-ye-ye-ye-ye-ye—l-l-l-l-l-look the-the-the only reason that I, that I came up to you before was because well, I’m really nervous about-about being you. Y’know if you can help me capture the essence of the character. Y’know? Help me keep Jessica alive. Please?
Joey: Oh that’s great! Oh thank you so much!
Joey: Hey! Now, I’ve been watching some tapes, how’s this? (In a British accent.) "Jessica Lockhart will never step foot in this place again! Ever!!"
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: (shocked) I can do an English accent?! That baby’s going on my resume!
Joey: Okay! (He scurries out the set door and re-enters, extremely impressed) All right!
Joey: Okay. Okay. (He goes out and comes back in, glaring at everything.)
Joey: Oh well—Hey-hey! Maybe, maybe uh, maybe this is a good thing. Y’know? It’ll-it’ll give you a chance to shake things up, play different characters. You’re so talented.
Joey: Hey that’s not true! Look at uh, look at Angela Lansb—Angelina Jolie!
Joey: Like-like what?
Joey: (impressed) Wow!
Joey: Oh hey come on, don’t-don’t-don’t do this! Umm, look let-let me tell you something, okay? Now when I watch you do a scene, I’m thinking, "Boy, she-she is a great actress!" (She’s not buying it.) Uh but-but, I am also thinking, "She is hot!"
Joey: You own the room. (She smiles and stares longingly into his eyes.) We should probably get-get uh…
Joey: Yeah-yeah, I noticed that! Is that ‘cause she’s so passionate?
Joey: Yeah! Okay. (He puts his hands on her face and they kiss.)
Joey: Actually I rent the whole place and, I just got what you meant. Thank you.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: That uh, that is my roommate Rachel.
Joey: (shrugs) Sure. Yep.
Joey: Okay, bye-bye.
Joey: All right, here we go. (He grabs them and starts to pull them out of the apartment.)
Joey: Thanks for stopping by. See ya! (Throws them out and closes the door.) (To Cecilia) I-I am so sorry. I…
Joey: (notices something in the mail that Rachel brought in) Oh my God!
Joey: They sent me today’s script! They never send the script!
Joey: Well no, I’m just in a coma. This must mean I have lines! (Realizes what that means.) Oh…
Joey: (flipping to the last page) Ew, you get thrown from a horse into an electric fence.
Joey: Yeah well, I’m guessing after this she’s not going to be crazy about electricity either.
Joey: (as Jessica) I don’t think so.
Joey: Oh noo…
Joey: Thanks!
Joey: Great! Hey! All right! Well-well what is it?!
Joey: The airport?
Joey: Ohh. Wow! Well how-how, how will you be gone?
Joey: That’s a really long time.
Joey: Well I tell ya, I should probably buy a place in the city first. (Realizes.) And I just got what you meant again—That is—I tell ya, that is a tricky one!
Joey: Good luck.
Joey: I call it!!
Joey: Does calling it not mean anything anymore?!
Joey: So, did you uh, find anyone to marry you guys yet?
Joey: Well then let me do it!
Joey: No-no-no! Look, I’ve been thinking about it. I’m an actor right? So I won’t get nervous talking in front of people.
Joey: No-no-no-no look no! I won’t spit, and I won’t stare at Monica’s breasts! Y’know? Everyone knows I’m an ass man!
Joey: Yeah and the most important thing is that it won’t be some like, stranger up there who barely knows you. It’ll be me! And I swear I’ll do a really good job. Plus, y’know I love you guys and-and it would really mean a lot to me.
Joey: So I can do it?
Joey: All right!!! Okay!! All right! Okay-okay, I gotta get started on my speech! Oh, wait a minute, Internet ministers can still have sex right?
Joey: Okay.
Joey: Oh! My head! Oh! (He’s sitting on the chair, lies back, and puts his feet up for Monica to rub.) Oh!
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Joey: Say hello to Reverend Joey Tribbiani! (Holds up the piece of paper bearing the proof of his ordination.)
Joey: Yeah, I just got off the Internet! Man, there is a lot of porn out there!
Joey: Anyway, I started working on what I’m going to say for the ceremony, do you wanna hear it?
Joey: Now-now, listen this is just a first draft so… (Starts to read the piece of paper he brought.) "We are gathered here today on this joyous occasion to celebrate the special love that Monica and Chandler share." (Monica and Chandler like it so far.) Eh? (He continues reading.) "It is a love based on giving and receiving. As well as having and sharing. And the love that they give and have is shared and received. And through this having and giving and sharing and receiving." (Phoebe nods her approval.) "We too can share and love and have and receive."
Joey: Okay you guys, I got a little more written. Are you ready?
Joey: (reading) "When I think of the love that these two givers and receivers share, I can not help but envy the lifetime ahead of having and loving and giving and…" And then I can’t think of a good word for right here. (He points to the stop on the paper where he left off.)
Joey: Yes!
Joey: Ooh, like the time you and I went to Atlantic City and I made you laugh so hard you threw up your whole steak?! Remember?
Joey: Oh. Okay. Ooh! Ooh! Okay, maybe I’ll talk about London! Y’know when you two hooked up! Only, only I won’t say hooked up. I’ll say, "Began their beautiful journey…"
Joey: "…by doin’ it."
Joey: Okay. All right. Umm, so uh, so how did it happen? Did your eyes meet across the room? And then the next thing y’know you’re in the bathtub together and she’s feeding you strawberries?
Joey: Yeah!! I call that London style.
Joey: Oh.
Joey: Yeah baby!
Joey: Oh.
Joey: Yeah baby!
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Oh, dude I’m so sorry!
Joey: Hey no-no-no-no! It’s cool! It’s cool! I-I’ll only be a second, I’m still with my bride’s maid, I just—Where are those condoms you brought?
Joey: Ah. (Joey walks to Chandler’s bag by getting as far away from Chandler’s bed as possible.)
Joey: (pause) For just you?
Joey: Hey listen, why don’t you come downstairs with me? There’s some really nice girls down there.
Joey: All right, here you go buddy. (He tosses him one.) Go nuts. (Exits.)
Joey: That’s what that was?! ‘Cause that other thing? I thought you were on to something, but it did nothing for me.
Joey: Oh… (To Chandler) Can you imagine if I hadn’t left you that last one? You two might’ve never gotten together. Ooh-ooh! Could you imagine if I sent that hooker up to the room like I was gonna?! It’s like it was in the stars!
Joey: Yeah baby! (Chandler glares at him.) No baby!
Joey: And it is a love that is based on having and giving and receiv—(Shuts up on Monica’s glare.)
Joey: Hey! (Monica turns and looks at him) Now I’m a man of the cloth, but I still have feelings!
Joey: What?! That’s not fair! It’s not my fault! I was off with my bride’s maid! And who’s to say I would’ve even said yes?! (To Monica) I mean I would’ve said yes. Chandler look y-y-you are making way to big a deal out of this, all right? Look, everything worked out okay!
Joey: This is crazy.
Joey: Hey.
Joey: Chandler, come on nothing even happened!
Joey: No-hey-no! If you don’t want me to do it, I except that. I don’t care about that. I just…I don’t want you to be upset.
Joey: Yeah for like a half an hour one night! Chandler, she wants you for the rest of her life! You’re so lucky! Look what I missed out on by not being there! Although you know what? It could never have worked like you guys did, ‘cause you guys are perfect for each other. Y’know, we look at you and-and we see you together and it just…it-it fits. Y’know? And you just know it’s gonna last forever.
Joey: What?
Joey: Really? I can do it?
Joey: Hey! (They hug.)
Joey: Well I don’t know remember exactly but, it’s-it’s pretty much about having and giving and sharing and receiving.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: So are guys doing okay?
Fat Joey: What’s my little chef got for me tonight?
Joey: Ho-ho-ho, (pausing for a rest next to the fridge) fried stuff with cheese!
Fat Joey: Thanks sweetheart. Give me a little sugar here. (They kiss.) Okay.
Fat Joey: Here we go! Here we go! Here we go! (Groans and picks up a piece of food.) How you doin’?
Joey: Here you go.
Joey: Good for you!
Joey: Food? Uh-huh gimme! (She hands him the paper.)
Joey: This is impossible Monica, why don’t you just pick all 15? (Hands back the paper.)
Joey: Oh yeah, I added three.
Joey: Oh yeah… (He mimes sticking his fingers into a jar of peanut butter, scooping some out, and eating it off his fingers.)
Joey: (checking her out) Hi! You uh, movin’ in or movin’ out?
Joey: Oh uh, can I give you a hand?
Joey: Boyfriend?
Joey: I’m Joey. (They shake hands.)
Joey: Oh wow, what a beautiful name! (Pause) What is it again?
Joey: Got it! (He picks up a lamp.) So…
Joey: Yeah! Yeah! Right down there. (Points.) Hey listen; let me give you a little tip. Do not take a nap on this stoop (Points to hers) or you can wake up with your shoes gone.
Joey: Okay. Yeah. Listen would you uh, would you like to have dinner with me tonight?
Joey: Oh.
Joey: Sounds great! Okay all right, well where does this go? (The lamp he’s holding.)
Joey: Okay. Yeah. (She leaves and he goes to pick up a box marked books, but decides to take the box marked pillows instead.) Yeah, I’ll grab this one. (He follows her upstairs.)
Joey: (entering) Hey Chandler!
Joey: Listen, sorry I didn’t stop by last night but I had a date.
Joey: Well check it out, I was with this really hot girl who just moved in right across the street!
Joey: Yeah!
Joey: Two days ago.
Joey: Oh yeah?
Joey: Well, I sorta am. I mean yeah, I’m dating this girl who’s also seeing another guy. But, I don’t know, I’m not to worried about it.
Joey: Obviously! So, how do we decide?
Joey: (not buying it) Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Or, or I’m the one who dates her.
Joey: Yeah-yeah I like that but just to go in another direction…
Joey: Yeah well we should order some food then.
Joey: (smiling) That sounds fair.
Joey: Ah yeah—wait a second now! Look we’re gonna have to set a spending limit on the date. I don’t have the money to take her to a fancy place like that.
Joey: All right, well I guess I’ll just have to do what I do on dates.
Joey: Yeah. Uh, (thinks)…a slice…(Thinks)…six dollars?
Joey: Okay. Can I borrow 94 dollars?
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Joey: I just wanted to come by and y’know, wish you good luck on your date.
Joey: Yeah. What time are you meeting her?
Joey: Wow, that’s in like 20 minutes. You’d better get dressed.
Joey: Oh. Well good! (To himself) For me. (He picks up a jar of lotion.) What is this? Did you give yourself a facial?
Joey: Okay dude! (Finds a receit.) Hey you uh, you sent Kristen flowers.
Joey: You spent a hundred dollars. That’s the limit. You’re screwed!
Joey: Oh-oh! So that’s the way it’s gonna be huh? Yeah I can break the rules too y’know!
Joey: I don’t know.
Joey: Y’know what Ross? I’m not gonna let you get away with this!
Joey: Well we’ll see!
Joey: Yeah bye-bye! (Exits and comes back in still holding the lotion.) Hey! So just a light layer?
Joey: (entering) Kristen?
Joey: Hi!
Joey: Oh I like this place. And technically, technically I’m not breaking any rules so I…
Joey: Hi!
Joey: Sure! I would love to wait with you guys! Thanks! (Sits down.)
Joey: A woman in a man’s body.
Joey: So y’know Ross it’s funny ‘cause, you look familiar to me too. Have you ever been married?
Joey: So you’ve just married the one time then?
Joey: (laughs that one off) Yeah. So uh Ross, well now—why did that first marriage breakup? Was it because the woman was straight or she was a lesbian?
Joey: No. It just seems like Ross is the kind of a guy that would marry a woman on the verge of being a lesbian and then push her over the edge.
Joey: Have you ever slept in the same bed as a monkey?!
Joey: Fine! Have you ever got stuck in a pair of your own leather pants?!
Joey: Monkey lover!
Joey: When do you think we lost her?
Joey: Yeah! (Monica goes in the bedroom.) Y’know, she could use a little…(Whistles that she needs to do what they’re doing.) (Something happens on the game.) Oh nice shot!!! (They all cheer.)
Joey: Hey! You guys! You’re not gonna believe this! I just got off the phone with my agent…
Joey: Okay. I got nominated for my part on Days of Our Lives!
Joey: No-no.
Joey: No! I’m up for a Soapie!
Joey: No, no, no! It’s real! And it has been since 1998. (Rachel returns from the bathroom.) Hey Rach! Rach! I’m up for a Soapie!
Joey: Thank you! Well, I guess now I know who I’m taking to the awards. (Points to Rachel.)
Joey: Many are scheduled to appear.
Joey: (pretending to be an announcer) And the winner is…Joey Tribbiani! (He then gets excited and goes over to the counter to practice his acceptance speech using a bottle of maple syrup as the award.) Oh… Wow! I honestly never expected this. I uh, I didn’t prepare a speech. But umm, I’d like to thank (Rachel enters quietly) my parents, who’ve always been there for me. I’d also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, Rachel…
Joey: Yeah may-maybe you don’t tell anyone about this.
Joey: Really?
Joey: What award are you practicing for?
Joey: Oh, hey listen! The Soapie’s called today and I also get to present an award.
Joey: Yeah!
Joey: (confused) What you-you don’t think I’m gonna win?
Joey: Yeah. No-no I-I know I might not win, but it’s just…I’ve never even been nominated before! I want it so much.
Joey: Hey! (Likes it.)
Joey: You practice losing the Grammies too?
Joey: Ah.
Joey: Is that why you wanted to tie my tie?
Joey: Whoa!
Joey: Ross has a boyfriend.
Joey: How’d you get over that teacher?
Joey: (To Ross) Problem solved.
Joey: (To Rachel) This is it! This is my category.
Joey: Yeah, I got my speech!
Joey: Yeah. (Does it.)
Joey: Okay. Can I squeeze your ass?
Joey: ‘Kay! 
Joey: What the?! (Joey pounds the table and starts yelling at Rachel, and which is drowned out by applause. Rachel is desperately trying to tell Joey that he’s on TV right now. He finally notices and he does his gracious loser face.)
Joey: (angrily and monotone) Any one of the brilliant actresses nominated for this award tonight deserves to take it home. Unfortunately only one can. (Shakes his head in disgust.) The nominees for Best Supporting Actress are from Passions Erin Goff. (There is applause, which Joey disgustedly waits to dye out.) From One Life to Live Mary Loren Bishop (They start to applaud again, but Joey interrupts in with the rest of the nominees), from All My Children Sarah Mchann, and from Days of Our Lives Jessica Ashley. And the winner is…(Opens the envelope)…Jessica Ashley from Days of Our Lives. (Applause) Uh, unfortunately Jessica couldn’t be with us tonight so I’ll be accepting this award on her behalf. (Realizes something) And I’m sure that Jessica would like to thank my parents who always believed in me. She’d also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Ross, Phoebe, and Rachel who’s sittin’ right there! (Points at Rachel.) (The music starts and his microphone is turned off, this angers Joey again and he disgustedly exits.)
Joey: Rach we had to get out of there because, look what I won! (He whips out the award for Best Supporting Actress that he accepted for Jessica.)
Joey: No-no! No, I’m accepting it on her behalf. (He puts it up above the TV to display it.)
Joey: Sure I do! It’s a verb! As in, "I behalfin’ it!"
Joey: But why?! I should’ve won one and I really want it and she didn’t even care enough to come to the thing! It could also be a Grammy.
Joey: Come on Rach! No one saw me take it! There was a whole table full of ‘em.
Joey: No! I want an award I did win! But nobody’s giving me any of those! Plus—Hey Rach, if-if I put it up there (Points to the TV) right? When people come over they’ll see it and they’ll think I won it.
Joey: I can scratch that right off.
Joey: All right!
Joey: I’ll take it back tomorrow.
Joey: (opening his door) If I can’t have it you can’t have it! (Rachel walks away angrily.)
Joey: Okay wait-wait p-please be cool! Okay? I work with this woman.
Joey: Hey Jessica.
Joey: Ah, this is my friend Rachel.
Joey: Uh listen, here’s your Soapie. I accepted it for ya. (Hands it to her.)
Joey: Well, that-that-that’s it? You’re gonna, you’re gonna put it on your self or anything?
Joey: (To Rachel) Take it back?
Joey: Y-y-yeah! (As they start to leave, Rachel pauses and steals a vase with flowers in it.) Yeah you do. (They exit.)
Joey: I’m sorry, do I know you?
Joey: Nothing, I’m just practicing blowing you off because I’m gonna be a big movie star!
Joey: Well, no not yet. But the audition went really good.
Joey: Oh, it’s this big budget period movie about these three Italian brothers who come to America around the turn of the century. It’s really classy! Oh, and the director is supposed to be the next, next Martin Scorcese.
Joey: Yeah, there’s this guy from Chicago who’s supposed to be the next Martin Scorcese, all right? But then this guy’s right after him. (Joey’s cell phone rings and he answers it.) Hello!
Joey: (to Monica and Phoebe) They loved me!
Joey: (on phone) Oh my God!
Joey: Are you kidding me? I never rent a movie without it! (Listens) Oh. (Listens) Uh, okay uh let me call you back. (Hangs up.)
Joey: They want me to be totally naked in the movie!
Joey: I know! My grandmother’s gonna see this!
Joey: I don’t know! It’s not like it’s porn! This is a serious, legitimate movie. Y’know? And the nudity is really important to the story.
Joey: You’re right. Maybe I shouldn’t even go on the call back.
Joey: Well that’s true. And I am only naked in one scene. Plus it sounds really great. My character’s catholic and he falls in love with this Jewish girl. Who run away together and they get caught in this big rainstorm. So we go into this barn and undress each other and hold each other. It’s really sweet and-and tender.
Joey: Hey, I’m back!
Joey: Uh so, will-will I be reading the same scene again?
Joey: Oh great! Y’know I would’ve been perfect for this part, but whatever! Y’know, thanks for making a bad decision and ruining your movie! Good day! (Starts to leave.)
Joey: And scene! Huh? Wasn’t that fun? We did a little improv there. Yeah! Okay! So you-you-you-you were saying?
Joey: Wow! Sure! That’s great!
Joey: Yeah! Yeah sure, just long as it’s handled tastefully and that barn is not too cold.
Joey: So…What?
Joey: Yes!
Joey: No. What?
Joey: Barmifsaed?
Joey: Nope.
Joey: Yep.
Joey: That’s right.
Joey: I don’t know! I really want this part! And they tell you no matter what you get asked at an audition you say yes. Like if-if they want you to ride a horse, you tell ‘em you can! And just figure out how to do it later.
Joey: I kn-I know! I know! Okay? And apparently tomorrow when I go in to meet the director I have to take off my clothes so that they can see what my body looks like.
Joey: I just have to call my agent and tell her I can’t do the part. (Gets up for the phone.)
Joey: Unless what?
Joey: Like what?
Joey: Wow! This looks great!
Joey: And-and-and-and-and the toothpicks?
Joey: Thank God!
Joey: Ah.
Joey: Well maybe we just take that one away. (Picks it up and throws it away.)
Joey: Thanks, you are such a good friend. And this is so weird.
Joey: Ow!
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: The fruit roll up.
Joey: Delicious.
Joey: Wait a minute! Wait a minute! We have a winner!
Joey: The Silly Putty! It’s not so silly anymore!
Joey: And what’s cool is, the character is from Naples, right? 
Joey: My whole family’s from Naples!
Joey: Oh! Hey right! Not a problem. (He starts taking off his clothes.) I totally understand. You need to y’know make sure I don’t have any horrible scars or tattoos. Don’t you worry; I have nothing to hide. (He drops his pants and stands back up and looks down.) So there you go, that’s me. (We cut to a camera angle looking at the casting director and movie director through Joey’s legs.) One hundred percent natural! (Suddenly, there’s a thud as something falls off.) (Everyone is shocked.) I tell ya, that has never happened before.
Joey: Probably Monica and Chandler.
Joey: Hey guys! Look who’s back! It’s Ray-ray!
Joey: (excitedly) Who you what? Who you what?!
Joey: (excitedly) Wow? Wow what?! Wow what?! Who you—what?!!
Joey: What?!
Joey: (entering) Hello!
Joey: Hey Rach. (Stares at her.) 
Joey: Hey, so where are my parents gonna be?
Joey: What they’re not invited?! Oh no, that’s terrible! They’re gonna be crushed!
Joey: (looking around) You got me. I don’t…
Joey: Well, I’m sorry. I thought parents were coming! Y’know? Your parents are comin’! Chandler’s parents are comin’! Ross’s parents are comin’!
Joey: Well-well—see? Parents are comin’!
Joey: (leaning down to her) Maybe you’ll order a little sangria?
Joey: We should really learn how to play the real way. (Moves another piece.)
Joey: Nice move.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: No, I’m performing the ceremony. I’m not wearing a tux.
Joey: Multi-colored robes! Ooh, and maybe a hat.
Joey: I don’t think so.
Joey: (excitedly) Can I come?! I won’t even talk! You’ll just hear the noise from my video camera.
Joey: Oh good! Can I tell her?! Can I tell her?!
Joey: Okay…
Joey: Hey. (Laughs then seriously) It happened!
Joey: Why are you taking this away from me?
Joey: Oh-ho, you should get inside my head.
Joey: Hey.
Joey: Yeah, they’re not coming.
Joey: Somehow they got the idea that you only invited them because of me. They…feel a little unwanted.
Joey: Look Mon, if you could just call my mom…
Joey: Come on! Look just-just tell—let her know that you really want them to be there. Let’s not forget, this is a woman that has sent you many lasagnas over the years.
Joey: Is it her fault that some of them didn’t make it to you?
Joey: I don’t know. Just uh, just tell ‘em it was a mix-up with the invitations, or—No-no-no! Blame it on the post office. They hate the post office. And the Irish! But I don’t think you can blame it on them so… (He dials the phone and hands it to Monica.)
Joey: (entering) Hey.
Joey: Listen, I know the invitation says 6:00, but does that mean that you want people to get there at six, or the show is gonna start right at six?
Joey: Right. Right. The wedding, gotcha. But I mean, it’s gonna start a little late right? I mean, weddings start late. Right?
Joey: Ah. Yeah. Well look, the thing is it’s the same day as my niece’s christening and I really want my parents to be there in time to see me. ‘Cause my part’s just in the beginning I’m not even in the rest of the show—Wedding!
Joey: Okay. Okay, I totally hear ya. Oo how about this? I vamp a little ‘til they get there?
Joey: Yeah! Yeah y’know, like warm up the crowd. Ask ‘em where they’re from. ‘Cause in Joey Tribbiani you get a minister and you get an entertainer. I’m a minis-tainer! (Rapping) There is no one better! There is no one greater!
Joey: (entering) Hey! Uh, Monica? Chandler? Can I talk to you guys for a second?
Joey: No! No, I-I just wanna thank you guys for what you did for my parents, that was really sweet. They’re so happy they get to be a part of your special day.
Joey: Okay. I will. Ohh! Check out what they got me to wear for the ceremony! (Runs to his apartment and returns wearing a rather silly hat.) Huh? I wear it like this when I marry you guys, and then this (He tilts it to the side of his head) is for party time.
Joey: All right, uh… (To Ross) Oh hey, you’ve done this before Ross, well what did you say when you made up your vows?
Joey: Oh, I got it! How about saying something like, "Monica…
Joey: "…when I look back over our time together…"
Joey: Well, I can’t do everything! Look back over your time together.
Joey: (yelling through the door) Can we come it yet?! We’re dying out here!
Joey: Hey!
Joey: How is "Monica, I love your sweet ass," inappropriate?
Joey: (shocked) Has it been that long?!
Joey: Hey, it's me! I'm comin' in!
Joey: Ahh, I'm gonna go get some chicken. Want some?
Joey: Okay.
Joey: I know! I mean it’s not like we weren’t cool about it.
Joey: (To Chandler) You?! (To Monica) And-and you?!
Joey: How?! When?!
Joey: IN LONDON!!!
Joey: But it is a big deal!! I have to tell someone! 
Joey: All right! Man, this is unbelievable!
Joey: Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
Joey: Well I didn't tell them!
Joey: Uhhh, Phoebe and Joey.
Joey: And Rachel. I would've told you but they made me promise not to tell!
Joey: No.
Joey: They know you know.
Joey: I couldn't even if I wanted too.
Joey: (entering the hall) Oh man! Aren't you guys done yet?!
Joey: Ooh!
Joey: I like that! (To Phoebe) Oh, okay! Show him your bra! He's afraid of bras! Can't work 'em! (He swiftly rips open the front of Phoebe's dress revealing her bra.)
Joey: It's not my first time.
Joey:  So that's it! It's over! Everybody knows!
Joey: I don’t want them to move to a Volvo dealership!
Joey: I’m sorry, I just…I like things the way they are.
Joey: Ooh, look-look-look-look-look! I got Monica naked!
Joey: Hey.
Joey: Yeah, you can get a Volvo. If that’s what you really want.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: (To Chandler) (laughing) Funny one! That’s good!
Joey: What? I don’t get it.
Joey: (starting to cry) I have never known love like this.
Joey: If he goes first he can!
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Joey: Saw the Porsche out there Mon, lookin’ good. When do I get to take that baby out again?
Joey: Yeah, you got a couple hours?
Joey: Hey!
Joey: So! You and Phoebe huh? How long have you been going out?
Joey: Wow! Maybe uh, maybe you and I ought to get to know each other a little better.
Joey: So uh, what’s your name?
Joey: Joey. (They shake hands.) Hey Jake, do you like the Knicks?
Joey: Me too! There’s a game on Tuesday do you wanna go?
Joey: Pheebs!
Joey: Listen, you know how uh, when you’re wearing pants and you lean forward I check out your underwear?
Joey: Well, when Jake did it I saw that…he was wearing women’s underwear!
Joey: Oh. (Laughs.) No! No wait, that’s weird!
Joey: That’s weird!
Joey: That’s…kinda hot.
Joey: Yeah, I wouldn’t know about that.
Joey: Yeah well next thing you know, he’ll be telling you that your high heels are good for his posture!
Joey: Oh yeah, he looked like a real lumberjack in those pink laceys.
Joey: Hey! I am secure with my masculinity.
Joey: You’ve seen my huge stack of porn right? (Phoebe nods.)
Joey: Hey Pheebs! (He sits down next to her.)
Joey: Check it out. (He turns around, pulls down his pants, and shows Phoebe that he’s got panties on.) How much of a man am I?!
Joey: Y’know, I’m beginning to see what Jake was talking about.
Joey: The silk? Feels really good!
Joey: Yeah! And-and things aren’t as…smashed down as I thought they were gonna be.
Joey: Yeah! And you have so many more choices than you do with men’s underwear!
Joey: Bikini, French cut, thong! And-and the fabrics! You’ve got cotton, silk, lace! And y’know what I’ve always wondered about?
Joey: Pantyhose! Y’know? They way they start at your toe and go all the way up to here… (He mimed that and stops when he realized he went to far.) I should go take these off shouldn’t I?
Joey: Yeah! Much! Listen uh, not that I’m y’know insecure about my manhood or anything y’know, but I think I need to hook up with a woman like right now.
Joey: Yeah! Okay! (He notices a beautiful woman sitting behind the couch and goes to talk to her.) Hey! Hi!
Joey: Y’know, you look familiar. Do I know you from somewhere?
Joey: Oh! Maybe it’s because I’m on television. I’m an actor on Days of Our Lives.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Hm-mmm.
Joey: Oh, let me get this. (He takes out his wallet, but the panties come with it. The woman and waitress are shocked.) (Realizing) (To the woman) These are for you.
Joey: No, I-I just heard lunch. But yeah, I can go. Sure! (They all exit.)
Joey: (entering) Hey! You guys! Remember that audition I had a while ago and didn’t get the part?
Joey: No!
Joey: No!
Joey: Nooo!
Joey: Yes!!
Joey: Yes that’s the one about the soldiers who fight in World War I!
Joey: Well anyway, the guy they wanted backed out and now they want me! I start shooting today!
Joey: Oh no, I’ll be done by then.
Joey: I know! All right, I’ll see you guys over there! I’m off to fight the Nazis.
Joey: Whoa! Okay. Yeah well, who-who was in World War I? (Rachel pauses as she thinks.)
Joey: Yeah! Me too. (He pats his pocket.)
Joey: I’m doing my scenes with you?
Joey: Wow! I can’t believe this! This is incredible. I mean you just won an Oscar!
Joey: I think you did.
Joey: Uh…Cookie?
Joey: We have to find the rest of the platoon!
Joey: (wiping his face) What?!
Joey: (wipes face) So what are we gonna do?! We have no reinforcements! No-no food!
Joey: (glances at Richard) No. Nope, I uh…I th—I thought it might be kind of a cool character thing. Y’know? He’s uh, he’s a face toucher. (Behind his back, Richard is nodding no.)
Joey: Hey! Where have you been?
Joey: Oh.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Thanks. Yeah, I figure if I wear these in my scenes at least I won’t get spit in the eyes, y’know?
Joey: Great! All right. I’ll see you later. (He starts to leave.)
Joey: Uh, I think he’s in Rachel’s room. See ya. (Exits.)
Joey: Oh man! They-they just redid my make-up!
Joey: All right.
Joey: Picture? What picture?
Joey: Okay uh, look I know you’re a great actor, okay? And you play all those Shakespeare guys and stuff…
Joey: But you’re spittin’ all over me man!
Joey: You know you’ve been spitting on me?!
Joey: (wiping face) Wow! Didn’t know that.
Joey: Thanks! Okay-okay check it out! (Reading from the script) Picture? What picture? (He pauses then spits) Eh?
Joey: What picture?!
Joey: You went through my personal property?
Joey: (pause) Because Vincent, we were lovers. (Pause) For two years!
Joey: Great scene yeah?
Joey: Thanks a lot.
Joey: Oh, I’m-I’m not working tomorrow.
Joey: No! No! I can’t! You gotta get me out of it! I’ve got plans! (Spits.) Important plans! (Spits on the Ps.)
Joey: Excuse me, Aaron? (The director turns around.) Hi! Umm, I have a little problem with the schedules. Originally, I wasn’t supposed to work today, and I have this wedding that I really have to be at. It’s my best friend’s, and I’m officiating so I really can’t work past four.
Joey: I’m having surgery!
Joey: Yeah, I-I just made up the stuff about the wedding because I didn’t want you to worry about me. But, I’m having surgery today.
Joey: Transplant.
Joey: Hair transplant.
Joey: It’s not on my head.
Joey: Hey! You’re here! Great! Great! Great! Let’s get going buddy, we’ve got a scene to shoot!
Joey: Are you drunk?
Joey: Yes you are!
Joey: I would sooner die in this hellhole then see her back with you!
Joey: What?! He got me! Owwwwww!!!
Joey: Look, my best friends are getting married in like an hour. Okay? And I’m the minister. Please! Please! Can you pull it together?
Joey: Thank you. Thank you.
Joey: I would sooner die in this hellhole then see her back with you!
Joey: (on phone) Hey! Did Chandler show up yet?
Joey: Damnit!
Joey: I’m still on the set!
Joey: I know! I’m sorry! The guy’s drunk, they won’t let me go until we get this.
Joey: No! No, I’m the minister! All right, look-look, put ‘em both on the phone, I’ll marry them right now.
Joey: Hey! Don’t you hang up on me! I’ll marry you and me right now! I have the power!
Joey: Aaron! You gotta let me go. The guy’s hammered!
Joey: So I uh, I just talked to the director. That’s it, we’re done for the day.
Joey: Yeah! You…you were wonderful.
Joey: So I got your car, it’s right outside.
Joey: That’s what you told me.
Joey: No-no-no! We gotta go! Come on! (Joey picks him up in a fireman’s carry and carries him out.) Here we go.
Joey: (entering) That’s my line! (He walks up the aisle and to the rabbi) I can take it from here, thanks. (To all) Dearly beloved, I’m sorry I’m a little late. You may be confused by this now, (He’s still in costume) but you won’t be Memorial Day weekend 2002. Well, let’s get started before the groom takes off again. Huh? (Monica is shocked and looks around.) We are gathered here today, to join this man and this woman in the bonds of holy matrimony. I’ve known Monica and Chandler for a long time, and I can not imagine two people more perfect for each other. And now, as I’ve left my notes in my dressing room. We shall proceed to the vows. Monica?
Joey: Chandler?
Joey: You may not kiss the bride. So, I guess by the powers vested in my by the state of New York and the Internet guys, I now pronounce you husband and wife. Oh wait! Do you take each other?
Joey: Yeah you do!
Joey: Aw crap! Okay—uh…uh let’s-let’s do the rings. 
Joey: We good? Yeah? Good? Once again, I pronounce you husband and wife. (To Chandler) Now kiss her again.
Joey: Ha-ha. Look—Come on, I don’t know what to do…or say. (He laughs.)
Joey: Ha-ha, very funny. I don’t know what to do! Y’know? Holy crud!
Joey: Ha-ha-ha, very funny. Look, I don’t know what to do! (Long pause, as everyone cracks up.)
Joey: Hey and, this is a little extra something for y’know, always being there for me.
Joey: Oh yeah? Then how come I keep—(He notices that the marker board they use has been left on the entertainment center and holds up his discovery.)
Joey: Pheebs! (He looks down as he goes down the step to make sure he didn’t fall again.) Check it out! (He starts laughing when he realized what he did.)
Joey: Pheebs! Check it out! Check it out! Check it out! Check it out! (Hands her one.)
Joey: Oh! Ooh-ooh!
Joey: You’re still a tiny bit on fire there.
Joey: Mornin’
Joey: I mean what kind of an actor, what kind of an actor can’t even say, "Hmm, noodle soup?"
Joey: (cracking up) Nope, you lost me.
Joey: Okay, the next situation is for Rachel. The wedding is about to start you walk into the back room and you find Monica taking a nap with Ross. (Ross lies on the floor.) I’ll be Monica. Go! (He jumps down and cuddles up with Ross.)
Joey: (Pause) Sorry. (Raises his hand in shame.)
Joey: I don’t know, but it smells good. (He gets up and heads for the door only to stop short and start laughing.)
Joey: Nothin’.
Joey: Oh yeah, and she’s really nice too! She taught me about y’know, how to work with the cameras and smell-the-fart acting.
Joey: You’re still a tiny bit on fire there!
Joey: What? What’s going on?
Joey: Oh my God! Is that why you guys had to get married?!
Joey: Ah. (To Chandler) Slow swimmers? (Chandler looks at him.)
Joey: I can’t! I-I don’t have any other clothes here.
Joey: I’m sorry! Okay? I went down to the gift shop and it’s either this or a bathrobe! Look, what’s more important, the way I’m dressed or me being with you on your special day?
Joey: That’s better, now just bend your arms a little more. There you go. Okay, look straight ahead. Now this time I want you to really put your ass into it. (They do a practice swing and she really puts her ass into it.)
Joey: I don’t believe we’ve met, Joey Tribbiani.
Joey: Wow, I’ve admired your work for years. You-you’ve done some really amazing stuff.
Joey: Wow Dennis Phillips! That’s great! How did you guys meet?
Joey: Chandler. Will you see if your mom can give my resume to Dennis Phillips? ‘Cause if I can get in a Broadway show then I would’ve done it all, film, television, and theater. The only think left would be radio, and that’s just for ugly people.
Joey: Uh, eleven, eleven and a half.
Joey: Uh, I don’t even really know where I left those. Sorry.
Joey: Okay fine! I’m a seven! All right, I have surprisingly small feet. But the rest of me is good, I’ll show ya!
Joey: Hey! Did you talk to Dennis about me yet?
Joey: No-no! No! No! You don’t tell a Broadway guy that! Now he just thinks I’m a soap actor.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: (clinks his glass) I’d like to propose a toast. To Monica and Chandler, the greatest couple in the world. And my best friends. Now, my when I first found out they were getting married I was, I was a little angry. I was like, (overly angry) "Why God? Why? How can you take them away from me?!" But then I thought back over all our memories together, some happy memories. (Does a fake laugh.) And-and there was some sad memories. (Starts to break down and cry.) I’m sorry. And-and some scared memories—Whoa! (He jumps back, startled.) Eh? And then, and then I realized I’ll always be their friend, their friend who can speak in many dialects and has training in stage combat and is willing to do partial nudity. (Starts to walk away, but realizes something.) Oh! To the happy couple!
Joey: So did you uh, happen to catch my toast up there?
Joey: Well, I’d like to think there was something for everyone. Look, I know you’re casting for this new show…
Joey: Oh, see that’s where you’re wrong. Whatever it is I can do it. And if didn’t see it up there, just-just try me.
Joey: Well I’m not proud of this, but… (He turns around and starts to mess with his eyelids.)
Joey: Shh. Shh. Don’t try to talk, we’ll get you up to your room, we’ll soak your feet, you’ll be okay.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Tell me about it, I feel like I’m holding down the fort all by myself.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Joey: No. (Phoebe grabs the receipt and shows it to Joey who gets mad.) I was told the name of the movie would not appear on the bill!
Joey: Nothing! It was something.
Joey: Yeah, that’s sad. Mashuga nut?
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Joey: (warily) Who called here? Did she sound blond? Huh? Did-did-did she have an accent? I gotta make a call! (Starts to leave) I shoulda never walked into that Sunglass Hut!
Joey: Oh. Why would you scare me like that? What the hell is going on? (Pause.) Is somebody pregnant?
Joey: Oh my God Pheebs! You’re gonna have a baby?
Joey: Whoa, wait a minute. Who’s the father?
Joey: Well who is this guy?! Huh? Who is he? ‘Cause I will track him down and kick his ass!
Joey: David Lynn! David Lynn! David Lynn!! (Exits)
Joey: (entering) Ooh-ooh-ooh! Are we opening presents?
Joey: Okay.
Joey: Okay. (Hands her one.)
Joey: Oh good, uh you’re here. Uh Pheebs? Listen uh sit down. I-I got something I want to say. 
Joey: Umm, now uh… It’s a scary world out there, especially for a single mom. Y’know, now I always thought you and I had a special bond so… (He goes to one knee and pulls out a ring.) Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me?
Joey: Why?! Why can’t she marry me?!
Joey: Oh my God.
Joey: (smiles then stops) Now I can’t believe it! What? Rachel’s pregnant? (The girls nod yes.) Who’s the father?
Joey: Ohh… I wonder if that dude.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: About a month ago this guy spent the night with Rachel, I didn’t see who it was but… (He walks out and closes the door.)
Joey: The guy left this.
Joey: (entering) You opened them all?
Joey: Oh hey! You got my parent’s gift! (Holds it up.)
Joey: Well, I don’t know. I think it does something to salami.
Joey: Yeah. What-what did Tag say?
Joey: I do Rach. I do, and I so happy for you. (They hug.)
Joey: Hey Rach listen, no matter what this guy says I want you to know you’re not gonna be alone in this.
Joey: Listen I uh… (He takes her hand.) It’s a scary world out there especially if you’re a single mom. Y’know, I always felt like you and I have this-this special bond. Y’know? So, (gets down on one knee again) Rachel Green will you marry me?
Joey: Pheebs, give me the ring back!
Joey: (heartbroken) I understand.
Joey: Uh yeah. Pheebs, listen about that. I only offered…
Joey: There you go!
Joey: (slow on the uptake) Oh my God!
Joey: (entering with Phoebe) Hey!
Joey: We know its Ross!
Joey: I’m gonna be an uncle! Come here! (He joins the hug.)
Joey: Well that, that sounds good.
Joey: Bye.
Joey: What secrets?
Joey: (whispering to Chandler) You’ll tell me later?
Joey: Y’know, Monica and Chandler are married. Ross and Rachel are having a baby. Maybe you and I should do something.
Joey: I don’t have a key, they took mine to give to you.
Joey: Why would they take away our keys?
Joey: No that’s not it. They let me keep my key the last time they were out of town. 
Joey: Hey, I washed those!
Joey: Yeah that didn’t sound like me.
Joey: Yeah, I have stuff in there too.
Joey: Monica’s chicken parm! I’ll take care of it. (He picks up the phone) Hey Mr. Treeger, it’s Joey Tribbiani. Listen, I need to get into Monica and Chandler’s apartment. It’s an emergency. (Listens) Uhh, gas leak! Yeah oh, and bring garlic bread. (Hangs up.)
Joey: Yeah, it seemed pretty important.
Joey: Really?
Joey: Yeah, I don’t think that’s what it is.
Joey: Oh wow, I don’t feel well.
Joey: Please, just-just, just go and talk to Rachel.
Joey: I still can’t believe they took away my key. You trust me with yours.
Joey: What the hell is that?
Joey: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Treeger, what are you doing?
Joey: (eating) Huh. So then I can heat this up? (Goes and does so.)
Joey: So it’s noticeable huh?
Joey: (simultaneously) Oh my God!!! I can’t believe that!!
Joey: How are you doing?
Joey: Well, what did you say to her?
Joey: (shocked) What?
Joey: Whoa! Hey! Whoa!! Hold up! Are you serious?! So like 3% of the time they don’t even work?! Huh? They should put that on the box!
Joey: What?! (Grabs his condoms from his pocket and looks.)
Joey: Hey Monica it’s Joey. Listen uh, Phoebe and I smell gas comin’ from your apartment.
Joey: Yeah and we’d go check it out, but you took away our keys.
Joey: How? I guess I could break down your door.
Joey: And-and you won’t blame us for any damage? (Gives Phoebe a thumbs up.)
Joey: Uh, okay I’ll-I’ll-I’ll break it down. (He hands the phone to Phoebe, gets up, picks up a chair, and starts banging it on the floor.)
Joey: Hey!
Joey: I don’t see the baby. Where is it?
Joey: Hey! You’re back! (Hugs and kisses all around.)
Joey: A couple? Like two people? Like (points to himself) one (points to Phoebe), two people?
Joey: Y’know what? Why don’t you just give us our souvenirs and get the hell out of here?
Joey: Hm-mm! Yeah nice necklace!
Joey: You’re welcome buddy.
Joey: Whom. (Everyone looks at him shocked.) That’s right.
Joey: Yeah! You gotta tell a girl before you tape her. Such a rookie mistake.
Joey: Yeah! Ask them if they brought their friends any souvenirs!
Joey: Hey, hang up! You get food poisoning just talkin’ to that place.
Joey: All right! I’ll have a sandwich!
Joey: Oh I think we do.
Joey: Y’know what? Don’t worry about it, you still got me and Phoebe.
Joey: Personal thing? What personal thing? I don’t know.
Joey: (laughs) Yeah I knew what you were talkin’ about.
Joey: Hey.
Joey: Sure. What? About uh, you showering with your mom?
Joey: Whoa, for like months?
Joey: Six months? Whoa that’s rough.
Joey: The sky’s blue Ross and I had sex yesterday!
Joey: Okay. Okay. Umm…Ooh! Oh-oh, I got something. It’s this story I came up with, very romantic. I swear any woman that hears it; they’re like putty.
Joey: Okay. Now you’re gonna want to have sex with me when you hear it, but you have to remember it is just the story.
Joey: Okay. (Clears throat) Years ago, when I was backpacking across Western Europe…
Joey: Have a nice six more months Ross! (Starts to leave.)
Joey: I was just outside Barcelona hiking in the foothills of Mount Tibidabo. I was at the end of this path and I came to a clearing and there was a lake, very secluded. And there were tall trees all around. (Whispering) It was dead silent. Gorgeous. (Softly) And across the lake I saw…a beautiful woman…bathing herself…but she was crying…
Joey: Whoa! What are you doing here? How did your date go?
Joey: Hey! Look, if it didn’t work it’s because you didn’t tell it right! Show me how you did it.
Joey: How long since you’ve seen a girl naked?
Joey: I’m not feeling it.
Joey: No! No! No Ross! I’m not hot! Are you hot?
Joey: Well you’re not selling the story! It’s like; it’s like you don’t believe it! Look, I gotta go. I got a date, but try this. Do what I do when I’m preparing for an audition. Okay? I’ll set you up with my video camera and you can record yourself and-and see what you’re doing wrong.
Joey: All right now… All right, you’re all set up. You’re good to go. Just hit record. All right?
Joey: Good luck.
Joey: Yeah?
Joey: (trying not to laugh) That means a lot to me man. (Exits.)
Joey: Y’know what? This is not fair to her. Let’s just forget the tape!
Joey: You’re right. (Mouths, "I know you’ll show me, right?)
Joey: Loud and clear! (Mouths, "You’ll show me," and nods.)
Joey: Y’know, if they knew what they were doing they probably didn’t give you real names either.
Joey: Oh yeah? (To Phoebe) Hi, Ken Adams, nice to meet you.
Joey: Uh no Rach, he’s gone. But listen, he told us what happened and it does, it sounds like an honest mistake.
Joey: (confused) Are we watchin’ the tape or not?!
Joey: (To Phoebe) I’m so happy!
Joey: How do you know about that story?!
Joey: (raises his hand) Some guy!! (Points to himself.)
Joey: (raises his hand and points to himself again) Ken Adams!!
Joey: (To Rachel) Okay, let me just get changed and we can go to dinner.
Joey: I’m not telling, you’ll have to see it on TV!
Joey: No, couldn’t care less.
Joey: Hey you too!
Joey: What? You weren’t in it.
Joey: Oh sorry. Uh-uh, Kash?
Joey: This is my friend Rachel. Rachel, Kash, Kash, Rachel.
Joey: (grabbing her) Here we go! Here we go! (Starts to pull her away from Kash.)
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Oh you know uh Kash, really liked you the other day. He said he thought you were charming.
Joey: Hey, I’m with you. He even asked me if I thought you’d go out with him.
Joey: I said no.
Joey: What? I…I just figured since you’re pregnant you’re not gonna be seeing people.
Joey: I didn’t tell him. I didn’t know if you were telling people. This is back when I thought Kash was still people.
Joey: Rach look, I really don’t think that’s such a great…
Joey: Hey!
Joey: No. No. But I’ll go see a normal person movie with ya.
Joey: It’s no Ukrainian film.
Joey: I set her up with this actor on my show.
Joey: No
Joey: Well, I was thinking that it’d probably be okay because Ross hasn’t gone out with Rachel in five years!
Joey: Hey! I’m an (does the quote-marks thing as well) actor too! I’m not sure. I think they’re taking the ferry out to some Italian place on Staten Island.
Joey: Are we talking about one of those big boats that carry cars that go like five miles an hour?
Joey: Hey Kash. Uh hey-hey this is Ross. Ross, this is Kash.
Joey: So what movie do you want to see—And not another one I have to read. Okay? I get enough of that from books.
Joey: All right, car magazines, cereal boxes, but it’s like enough!
Joey: And just wait for Rachel to come back from her date?
Joey: Dude! What is going on?!
Joey: Why?
Joey: They go on one date and you’re worried about them getting married?! He’s not you!
Joey: Well Ross, what did you think she was gonna do?
Joey: What do you mean?
Joey: That’s a nice picture. Maybe you can still have that!
Joey: Hey, can I ask you something? In this, in this picture of you and your wife, is your wife Rachel?
Joey: Good call. Yeah. But, the face Ross, the face isn’t Rachel.
Joey: I know, but I don’t think that’s what she wants.
Joey: That’s okay Ross maybe you need a new picture. Okay? It’s not gonna be what you thought, but no matter what there’s gonna be a brand new little baby, your baby. Who cares what the picture looks like?
Joey: Hey, I tell you what. Let’s you and me go out and have some fun. Huh? Whatever you want. Come on!
Joey: No, I said fun!
Joey: Look, I’ll come to the party but I’m not dressing up.
Joey: No way! Look, Halloween is so stupid! Dressing up, pretending to be someone you’re not…
Joey: That hot girl from their wedding?
Joey: Well hey-hey if she needs any idea for costumes, she could be a bikini model, or a slutty nurse, or a sexy cheerleader huh—Ooh-ooh, Leatherface from The Texas Chainsaw Massacre—No-no-no! Slutty Leatherface.
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Joey: Yes I did! I’m Chandler. (Looks at Chandler) Dude, what happened?
Joey: Okay. I’m Chandler (makes a growling/gurgling sound at the end and the girls laugh.)
Joey: When have I ever done that?! (And does the sound again.)
Joey: (sees Ross) Hey all right, Ross came as doody.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Exclusively.
Joey: Catwoman, hands down.
Joey: But between you and Phoebe, I’d have to give the edge to Phoebe.
Joey: Are you kiddin’? Phoebe lived on the street. Okay? Plus, she’s got this crazy temper. She—She’s not standing right behind me is she?
Joey: I’m not sure.
Joey: Will you relax?! What are you taking this so seriously for? It doesn’t matter.
Joey: I would say, "Woman, please!"
Joey: (To Monica) Here comes the temper.
Joey: Okay, here’s a good one for ya. Who do think would win in a fight between Ross and Chandler.
Joey: So Ross?
Joey: (To Monica) Hey-hey-hey, I think we might find out the answer to our question.
Joey: Monica and I were talking about who could kick whose ass in a fight, you or Ross?
Joey: So you think Ross too?
Joey: Hey Monica! (Grabs her and pulls her into the living room.) People came to see a fight, let’s give ‘em what they came for!
Joey: Yeah. Listen to the slutty nurse.
Joey: Seriously guys, the trash talk is embarrassing.
Joey: Rach?
Joey: (entering) Pheebs come on! Bunny vs. Doody! We’re waiting! (They go inside.) (To Chandler and Ross.) Okay. Okay guys, one match, winner take all. (They grasp each other’s hand in preparation for battle.) Oh wait-wait! What does the winner get?
Joey: (laughing) Okay, if you say so. All right, ready? Set! Go!
Joey: Or equally weak.
Joey: (to her) You’re a weird lady.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: That’s not so bad.
Joey: Come on! You’re good with kids. They’re just crazy on Halloween. Y’know, they’re all greedy and hopped up on sugar!
Joey: Absolutely! Halloween is the worst. Except for Christmas…and their birthdays. Kinda get a little crazy during the summer too. And anytime they’re hungry or sleepy. Y’know, kids are tough. Good luck with that. (Walks away.)
Joey: (entering) Hey Ross! Listen, do you want to go see that new Imax movie on tide pools?
Joey: (laughs) No. But I got Knicks tickets for you, me, and Chandler.
Joey: All right, well finish your coffee; let’s go.
Joey: To tape the game? You do this every time Ross, you’re not gonna be on TV!
Joey: Oh, you’re switching apartments?
Joey: But Rachel has an apartment.
Joey: She is?
Joey: I guess I didn’t really think about it.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Oh, okay. I…I ate way too much.
Joey: Ooh. (Notices the pizza, grabs a slice, and takes a bite.) So umm, I was talkin’ to Ross and he said you were looking for a new place.
Joey: I was kinda hoping you’d stay.
Joey: No room? It’s a baby. It’s like this big. (Holds his hands about a foot apart.) Y’know, I mean you-you could you could put it over here. (A desk.) Or-or-or we could put it right here. (The chair.) Aw, it’s cute, right? Or-or we could put it over here. (By the bathroom door.) You wouldn’t even notice it. Where’s the baby? (Mumbles that it’s over in the corner.)
Joey: I could use a challenge! It’s getting pretty easy.
Joey: I love living with you so much. I just wish things didn’t have to change.
Joey: Y’know I blame Ross for this.
Joey: I’m gonna miss you, you’re the hottest roommate I ever had.
Joey: Hey! Uh, this is just to give you an idea. Okay well, we can put screens here, (In front of the crib.) so that the baby has privacy, and-and-and maybe a mobile over the crib. And uh—Oh look! Here’s a baby monitor (Holds it up), which until the baby comes we can use as walkie-talkies. Huh?
Joey: Ahhhhhhhhhhhh…. That-that-that’s really just to show where the baby would go. Y’know why don’t I hold on to him so that there’s no confusion? (Takes him back, sets him on the chair, and apologizes to him.)
Joey: I’m loud!
Joey: I’m up all night!
Joey: Hello!
Joey: Look, if I’m bringing home a woman who can’t stand being around a baby, then maybe I don’t want to be with that woman! Or maybe we’ll just do it in the bathroom of the club!
Joey: Yeah! All right—Look, I know sometimes it’ll be hard, okay? But, it’ll also be really…really great. Please Rachel! I-I-I really want you to stay.
Joey: Ohh!
Joey: I know! I found it on the street.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: I don’t know.
Joey: Ew.
Joey: Ooh! Ah! Okay! (Quickly drags the crib outside.)
Joey: Isn’t that great?
Joey: It’s a grand tradition!
Joey: This is so unfair! The one thing I wanted to do was throw my best friend a bachelor party, but no, I wasn’t allowed to. All I got was a stupid steak dinner!
Joey: Oh yeah, that was a pretty good night.
Joey: So uh, you and Mona, been a while now. How’s it going?
Joey: Hot?
Joey: I’m gonna take that book and beat you to death with it.
Joey: Will you let the lady talk?!
Joey: Yeah!
Joey: (on cell phone) I’m sorry I gotta cancel tonight baby…
Joey: So you uh, nervous about getting married?
Joey: Look, look let’s pretend it’s a real bachelor party. Okay? Y’know? Before your wedding. Come on, it’ll be fun.
Joey: How does it feel knowing you’re never gonna be with another woman again huh? Knowing you’re gonna have to wake up to the same face everyday until you finally have the sweet release of death.
Joey: That’s her! Okay, come on! (They go over and open the door.)
Joey: Uh, that-that’s-that’s me!
Joey: Joey Tribbiani, a big fan.
Joey: Why-why would she go in the bedroom?
Joey: Yeah, that’s one naked hooker!
Joey: Wait! Wait! Maybe she’s a hooker and a stripper, but she got confused about what she’s supposed to do.
Joey: Maybe Monica’s playing a joke on ya. Y’know? Getting her own husband a hooker, that’s pretty funny.
Joey: I bet Ross was in on it too. I mean he was conveniently busy.
Joey: (on machine) Hey Ross. It’s Joey. There’s a hooker over here and we thought maybe you’d know something about it.
Joey: Maybe she meant to get you a hooker.
Joey: Maybe she wants you to learn something. Huh? Now is there anything you’re really bad at y’know, sexually?
Joey: In a minute!
Joey: All right, all right maybe-maybe you should just ask her to leave.
Joey: Hey! It’s your bachelor party.
Joey: I don’t want to. You do it!
Joey: You do it!
Joey: I miss this.
Joey: No, I-I miss hanging out with you.
Joey: Not like we used to. Remember? You and me used to be inseparable. Y’know now it’s like…things are different.
Joey: Oh sure—And hey, don’t get me wrong, I am so happy for you guys. I just…I miss…hanging out…just-just us, y’know?
Joey: You got it. Come here. (They hug and are observed by the hooker.)
Joey: (on phone) Hey! I do too think about the consequences of my decisions! (Listens) What gives you the right to… (Listens) Go to hell! (Hangs up the phone and opens the fridge.) Stupid guy on my phone.
Joey: Hey Rach listen, did you know that during pregnancy your fingers swell up to twice their size and never go back.
Joey: (laughing) You fall for it every time!
Joey: I just want you to say it once in a while.
Joey: What?!
Joey: Phoebe!
Joey: No they’re not! They’re ugly and stupid and delicious!
Joey: She is?
Joey: Yeah. But I thought that was because I put the whole thing on my hand and made it walk across the table.
Joey: But you gotta have turkey on Thanksgiving! I mean, Thanksgiving with no turkey is like-like Fourth of July with no apple pie! Or Friday with no two pizzas!
Joey: No there won’t! I promise I will finish that turkey!
Joey: That’s right! ‘Cause I’m a Tribbiani! (To Rachel) And this is what we do! I mean we may not be great thinkers or world leaders, we don’t read a lot or run very fast, but damnit! We can eat!
Joey: Let me explain to you how the human body works. I have to warm my stomach first. Eatin’ chips is like stretching.
Joey: Don’t worry, Tribbianis never get full.
Joey: (To Monica) Who the hell is this guy?
Joey: Oh hey!
Joey: That’s it?! Even if nobody helps me I can eat that no problem. At least give me a challenge!
Joey: (quietly) Oh. How-how big is that?
Joey: (To Rachel) It’s like me when I was born.
Joey: (To Monica) Seriously, who is this guy?
Joey: I’m afraid I’m gonna need proof.
Joey: You are my Everest.
Joey: Oh yes I do. Otherwise what’s next? Today I’m just a guy who can’t finish a turkey, but tomorrow I’m the guy who eats half a Powerbar, wraps up the rest, and puts in the fridge? No! No, I just…I just—I gotta change my pants. (Gets up and heads for the door.) Jeans have no give. (Exits.)
Joey: (entering, wearing the maternity pants from earlier) All right where’s that turkey!
Joey: Not now! These are my Thanksgiving pants!
Joey: Well that’s it. I’m done. Whew! (Wipes his forehead.) There come the meat sweats. (Chandler hands him a towel and he wipes his face.)
Joey: No just, nobody press on my stomach.
Joey: Whoa—hey—wh-wh-what do you got there? What is that? Pie?
Joey: Ah, just cut me a little sliver. (Monica prepares to cut a little sliver.) A little bigger. (Monica prepares to cut a bigger piece.) Little bigger. (Monica moves the knife again.) What?! Are you afraid you’re gonna run out?! Cut me a real piece!
Joey: Oh hey Rach, listen—Hi!
Joey: Umm, can you do me a favor? I was talkin’ to my sister and she knows you work at Ralph Lauren…
Joey: No-no-no-no-no-no, not her, not her. My youngest sister, Dina, she’s really interested in fashion, and she wants to talk to someone successful, y’know, to give her some advice.
Joey: Oh no-no-no-no, she wants to talk to you!
Joey: Okay, so will you meet with her?
Joey: Great! Thanks! You’re gonna love her so much. And—Oh, she’s the smartest of all the Tribbiani children. Hey, y’know the S.A.T’s?
Joey: She took ‘em!
Joey: (entering, with Dina) Here she is! Future fashion superstar!
Joey: My little sister Dina!
Joey: This is so exciting for her. Well, I’ll let you two fash…ists get down to business. (Exits.)
Joey: Hey! It’s my fashion girls! (They don’t react.) What’s wrong?
Joey: (concerned) Oh. What’s, what’s going on? Is it mom? Is she sick? Is it dad’s heart? Is that a sandwich?
Joey: Is that a sandwich?!
Joey: (angrily) What?!
Joey: Well obviously this is a mistake! You can’t be pregnant! Because you have to have sex to get pregnant!
Joey: (to Rachel) Bub!!! (Points at her and quiets Rachel.) (To Dina) I can’t believe this! You’re the good one! You went to college! Both years! Who did this to you?!
Joey: You got pregnant for funny?! Dina…if he’s funny…laugh! All right, I’ll be back in a little while! You stay here!
Joey: I can’t look at you right now! (Exits and slams the door behind him.)
Joey: Just what needs to be done! Dearly beloved, we are gathered here to join this man and this woman…
Joey: Don’t interrupt me when I’m talkin’ to God! Now where were we? Oh right, okay. Do you Dina, take this man…
Joey: Oh you’ll take ‘em!
Joey: Hey! You don’t get a say in this!
Joey: Ahhh! I heard "I do", we’re halfway there! Okay! (To Bobby) You!
Joey: Well what am I supposed to do?
Joey: No they can’t! They were stupid enough to get knocked up!
Joey: Oh? Oh! Okay! Okay! Let’s hear their plan! Now, what’s the future look like for Dina and Bobby?
Joey: (to Dina) You were right. He is funny.
Joey: Dina, if you’re having a baby you should be married! Even if it is to Bobby! (Bobby gets happy.) Dude, that’s not a compliment!
Joey: So whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! What are you gonna do? You’re gonna have the baby and-and raise it by yourself…without a husband?! You can’t be a single mother alone! You’re gonna ruin your life!
Joey: No! No! No! It’s different for you. You’re so strong and together. You’re not some dumb kid who doesn’t know what she’s doing.
Joey: One pregnant woman at a time, please! I just want you to be okay.
Joey: Maybe! (To Bobby) Well! Well…so-so uh, what kind of music does Numb Nuts—Oh forget it! I can’t!
Joey: Because! ‘Cause… ‘Cause you’re my baby sister!
Joey: Well I’d be scared of them, but all right.
Joey: Of course he’s gonna have his Uncle Joey!
Joey: That’s right! By his uncle too!
Joey: Come here! (Hugs Dina and Bobby looks to hug Rachel.)
Joey: Oh uh, ordinarily I would love too, but I am just swamped right now. (Brushes something off of his shirt and looks around, but doesn’t move from his chair.)
Joey: I’m missin’ picture time?! (Jumps over to look, Ross glares at him and he retreats.)
Joey: (To Ross) Congratulations! You just got married!
Joey: Hey-hey-hey, hey that’s your wife you’re talking about!
Joey: Who was that?
Joey: You hung up on the pizza place? I don’t hang up on your friends.
Joey: Oh, what’s wrong?
Joey: Then why did I ask?
Joey: Is that college talk for horny?
Joey: Good, I uh, I saw a pretty big pigeon.
Joey: Yeah, I gotta, I gotta go to my room too.
Joey: Good night. (They both enter their rooms.)
Joey: (entering) I can’t do it!
Joey: You’re Rachel!
Joey: You’re my friend!
Joey: But plus, it would be wrong and weird and-and-and bad.
Joey: I know!
Joey: Do you wanna do it?
Joey: All right, me neither! I was just testing you!
Joey: This conversation never happened!
Joey: Good night!
Joey: Get back in there! (Rachel re-enters her room and closes the door.)
Joey: (To Rachel) Do you think he saw us or can we still sneak out?
Joey: Oh! Hey Rach, listen umm…
Joey: I got a big date coming up, do you know a good restaurant?
Joey: Ooh, great! Thanks!
Joey: You sure are naming a lot of ways to postpone sex, I’ll tell ya…
Joey: Hey, y’know what?
Joey: Why don’t I take you out?
Joey: Yes I do! And we’re gonna go out, we’re gonna have a good time, and take your mind off of childbirth and c-sections and-and giant baby heads stretching out…
Joey: I’ll be fun.
Joey: No, I’m picking you up for our date. These are for you. (Hands her some flowers.)
Joey: And, a brownie! (Hands her a bag with the brownie in it.) Well, half a brownie. Actually, it’s just bag. It’s been a long walk from the flower shop and I was startin’ to feel faint so…
Joey: Hey come on now, this is a real date. Uh, so…nice place you got here. Foosball, huh? Pizza box. Oh, a subscription to Playboy, my kind of woman.
Joey: I would like to meet him. He sounds like a stand up guy.
Joey: Ah… Hey, so this roommate of yours…is he good looking?
Joey: Oh yeah, it must be tough to keep your hands of him, huh?
Joey: No-no-no-no, he’s not! No! Why are you trying to ruin the game? Come on!
Joey: Y’know what? Bring her both, and I’ll have the same. (The waitress leaves.)
Joey: Oh whoa-whoa-whoa, no roommate stuff. Okay? We’re on a date.
Joey: No! No. Umm, just myself and if they don’t like me for—(Laughs.) I’m sorry I couldn’t even get through that.
Joey: Oh alright. Umm, well, okay, I usually start by having a bottle of wine sent to my table from a fan.
Joey: Well it does when you combine it with, "This is so embarrassing, I just want to have a normal life!"
Joey: Oh okay, how about this one. I was gonna wait until the end of the night to kiss you, but you’re so beautiful…I don’t think I can.
Joey: Alright, so…so tell me one of your moves.
Joey: That’s your move? Boy Rach, you’re lucky you’re hot.
Joey: (exasperated) Queens.
Joey: Yeah, with my mom. Yeah, not so much with my dad.
Joey: I don’t know. I guess there’s just always been this distance y’know—I mean we both try to pretend it’s not there, but it is.
Joey: Yeah, it is. It’s really tough. Y’know sometimes I think—Wow!! Nice move!
Joey: "Where’d you grow up," it’s so simple!
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Yes I am! Again so simple!
Joey: Oh come on! Just pick one! Between Monica, Phoebe, Chandler, and Ross if you had to, if you had to, who would you punch?
Joey: Chandler?
Joey: Me too! Hey Rach, can I just say I think this is the best date I ever had!
Joey: I never laughed so hard—Did you see the wine come out of my nose?
Joey: I gotta say, I never knew I could enjoy the non-sex part of the date so much.
Joey: Huh. Huh.
Joey: Ah! Okay, well then you don’t judge me. I’m gonna suck on the cellophane from the brownie I had before. (They both do as they planned.)
Joey: Ah, well, if I want the girl to kiss me, first thing I do is make my lips look irresistible. 
Joey: Now you can’t tell anyone, but uh…I put on shiny lip balm.
Joey: Yeah, like a moth to a flame, I’m telling ya. Okay all right, so now you go.
Joey: Why not?
Joey: More embarrassing than shiny raspberry lip balm?! (Rachel just looks at him.) I didn’t say raspberry before did I? All right just-just tell me Rach, just tell me!
Joey: (stunned and turned on) Yeah. Why—Yeah, that would work for ya…
Joey: Oh. (She kisses him.) Yeah. (She goes into her room.) Me to. (He then starts to freak out.)
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Oh yeah, I still can’t believe you haven’t seen Cujo. What is wrong with you?
Joey: Have you ever tried to sit through Citizen Kane?
Joey: Oh yeah? All right, let’s do it tonight.
Joey: Oh right!
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Oh my God! You did too? It totally freaked me out, what was that?!
Joey: Oh yeah-yeah, the lobster.
Joey: Yeah me too, all night.
Joey: Yeah well that’s because uh…I stayed in my room. Yeah, you don’t want to look in my hamper.
Joey: No-no! I’m fine. It’s just… Hey, can I ask you something? Have you ever looked at someone that you’ve known for a while and then suddenly…suddenly see them a different way?
Joey: Yeah. Yeah, that…that’s exactly it. You’re right. Yeah.
Joey: (deadpan) Ooh! Yeah. So yeah, so you know exactly what I’m talking about.
Joey: Oh yeah, sure. (She gets up, walks towards the bathroom, and Joey watches her go.) Ehhh.
Joey: (incredulous) Alone?!
Joey: Hey, did you get to the part where they’re trapped in the car and Cujo’s throwin’ himself at the windshield?
Joey: Oh uh, it didn’t work out.
Joey: Oh uh, okay. Yeah.
Joey: Oh sure, yeah, why not? (Sits on the arm of the chair.)
Joey: All right, I know! I know. Yeah, it’ll be okay.
Joey: Terrified. (But for a totally different reason.)
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey:
Joey: 
Joey:
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: Oh okay, okay! One more push! One more push! Come on honey, we’re almost there! We’re almost there!
Joey: Oh, I love you too.
Joey: That’s always appropriate! (Back to the matter at hand) Oh, okay. One more push! One more push!
Joey: What? What’s going on?
Joey: Aaaah…
Joey: Really?!
Joey: Oh, y’know what? Maybe uh, you…you should come to me. I’m a not, I’m not wearing any bottoms.
Joey: Oh my, oh my God!
Joey: Mia Hamm?
Joey: Oh that’s amazing. (Drops the sheet.)
Joey: Whoa-hey-oh! Sorry!
Joey: Hey Ross! The baby’s kicking!
Joey: A dreamless sleep.
Joey: Well I got stuff going on in here (Rubbing his belly) if you wanna feel.
Joey: Wow! Can I get a copy of that?
Joey: Whoa, Monica runs a pretty tight ship over here. What are you doing?
Joey: Why not?
Joey: I don’t know. Ooh, I bet it’s Richard.
Joey: Well off the top of my head uhh, maybe she’s having her cake and eating it too. You being the cake and Richard being the too. Or!
Joey: I saw this movie once where there was a door and no one knew what was behind it, and when they finally got it open millions and millions and millions of bugs came pouring out and they feasted on human flesh. Y’know it wouldn’t kill ya to respect your wife’s privacy! (He walks away and into his apartment and looks the door.) Stupid closet full of bugs!
Joey: Oh hey whoa-whoa, don’t worry. Okay. When my sisters were pregnant they got every weird feeling in the book, it was always nothing.
Joey: Absolutely. But, we’re gonna stop by the hospital just to be sure, okay? I’ll page Ross on the way. Come on.
Joey: Okay Rach-Rach-Rach look at me, look at me, everything’s gonna be fine, trust me. Okay. Take my hand. Here we go. (Rachel grabs his hand.) Oww crushing bones!
Joey: Hey! So?
Joey: So but everything is normal.
Joey: And-and there’s no danger to her and the baby?
Joey: Calm?! I wasn’t calm! I’ve never been more scared in all my life!
Joey: Well what do I know?! I’m not a doctor!
Joey: You sure?!
Joey: (seeing Ross) Oh hey-hey!
Joey: Something called Braxton-Hicks contractions.
Joey: Hey uh, what’s with the candy?
Joey: Oh hey, don’t worry about it man. Don’t worry about it, no big deal.
Joey: Oh uh, hey. Not as good as this guy! (Grabs Ross around the shoulders.) He brought Twizlers!
Joey: Easy there Captain Kirk. Oh, do you have a bobby pin?
Joey: Then why do you throw like one?
Joey: Sure. "Monica."
Joey: Uh, really good. Really good. Yeah, I should be ready to kill myself any day now. (Chandler returns with a bobby pin and hands it to Joey.) Wow, you sure found that quick. (He tries the pin in the lock.) I just—I wish I didn’t feel this way about Rachel anymore, y’know? I wish things could go back to normal. I mean, I love living with her and God, helping out with the baby is just amazing, but now I think…I think Ross feels left out. Y’know? When I had to take Rachel to the hospital, the doctor thought I was the father. God… You should’ve seen the look on Ross’s face. (Pause) By the way, I have no idea what I’m doing here. For all I know I’m just locking it more. Oh hey, did you try opening it with a credit card?
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Oh, I just…I feel terrible.
Joey: What’s going on?
Joey: Pickle? Pickles make her sick. Giving her pickles is like giving me salad.
Joey: I’m on it! (Takes a bite out of the sandwich.)
Joey: Dude relax! It could happen to anyone.
Joey: Hey uh, can I, can I talk to you guys for a second?
Joey: Uh, sit down. I wanna talk about our situation.
Joey: The thing is…’cause I live with Rachel I’m here for a lot of the stuff, okay? (To Rachel) And Ross…Ross is missing everything. So…
Joey: Maybe you two should live together.
Joey: Oh no-no, no-no I love living with you. It just seems that…if you’re gonna have a roommate, y’know it might as well be the father.
Joey: All right now, so? What do you think?
Joey: Well, I was due.
Joey: Hey.
Joey: Well uh, I wanted to have a few beers, but uh, I got rid of those because Rachel couldn’t stand the smell of them. But I have thrown back a lot of orange juice with calcium though. And uh, it’s a couple weeks past it’s expiration date, so it’s got a bit of a kick.
Joey: Are you kidding me? I’m great! Yeah, I’m uh; I’m better than great. I am good. And now that she’s gone, I can uh, I can do all this stuff around here that I couldn’t do before. Y’know? Like umm, I can walk around naked again. Y’know? I can uh, I can watch porn in the living room. Right? This is uh, this is good for me. Y’know? I like being on my own, I’m uh, better off this way. I’m uh, a lone wolf. Y’know? A loner. Alone. All alone. Forever. What’s a wolf got to do to get a huh around here?! (Chandler rushes over and hugs him.)
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: 
Joey: Yes.
Joey: Yes. I like Rachel.
Joey: (startled) Yeah, okay but look, buy uh—Hey-hey, y’know, y’know who else I like? You! And it-it doesn’t get said enough. I like you Ross.
Joey: Yeah, but it’s not a big deal.
Joey: I’m an actor, y’know? As-as a group, we tend to be over dramatic.
Joey: Look no, I-I know it’s bad, and I know it’s wrong. Okay? But-but it’s not like anything’s ever gonna happen. Y’know? These-these are just feelings, they’re gonna go away.
Joey: Oh come on Ross! Hey Ross-Ross don’t…
Joey: Hey.
Joey: Look, I understand if you came by to hit me, I deserve it.
Joey: Oh what then? Kick me?
Joey: (getting worried) Bite me?
Joey: Oh now—Hey Ross-Ross! Do you wanna-wanna come in for a beer or something?
Joey: Do uh, do you got any beer? All-all I got is this melon stuff that Rachel left. I don’t…
Joey: (pouring two glasses) Hey look Ross, you need to understand something okay? I uh…I am never gonna act on this Rachel thing, okay? I-I would never do anything to jeopardize my friendship with you. (He hands Ross a glass.)
Joey: Anyway, it uh…look it’ll just…take me a while to get over her, that’s all. I’m not even sure how to do that, I mean I’ve never been in love before so…
Joey: Yeah, I thought you knew that.
Joey: Wow. Hey look, if it helps, I don’t want to feel this way. Honest. I just keep thinking, "Ah, I’ll get over this." Y’know? I just—It just keeps gettin’ harder. I don’t, I don’t know what to do. Y’know? What do I do?
Joey: Okay that’s the green stuff talkin’.
Joey: But what if uh—and I’m not saying she will be—But…
Joey: Are you sure?
Joey: Hey thanks.
Joey: Oh my God I have to tell her! I haven’t even thought about what I will say. What should I say?
Joey: I’m sorry, you’re right. What am I gonna say? (He takes another sip of the green stuff and recoils at the taste.) Oh!
Joey: Okay. Okay, I can do this. I can tell her how I feel. Just uh, just stand up straight. (Does so.) Take a couple deep breaths. (Does so.) Look confident. (Does so as Rachel opens the door and startles him.)
Joey: I uh, I just came by because I-I want to talk to you about something.
Joey: Here? In the hall? What are we animals?
Joey: Okay umm, I just came by to tell you that I…want to have dinner with you tonight. That’s all.
Joey: Okay. That’s good. Okay, that give you a couple hours to prepare what you’re gonna say. Good. Yeah. (Someone comes out of his apartment and it startles Joey again.) Don’t you people ever knock?!
Joey: What? Yeah! Sure! Uh, look at the uh, the reason…(Exhales slowly)—Is it hot in here?
Joey: I would, but this is a nice place and my T-shirt has a picture of Calvin doing Hobbs.
Joey: Yeah. Sure. (They both half stand up, Joey pulls the neck of his sweater out, and Rachel looks down it to see his T-shirt.)
Joey: Uh… How long have we known each other?
Joey: Uh-huh, long time.
Joey: But over the past few weeks…
Joey: Actually uh, could you give us a second?
Joey: I’m not quite sure.
Joey: Yeah, here we are. Uhh… I… I think I’m…falling in love with you.
Joey: I’m falling in love with you.
Joey: Does it really matter?
Joey: Okay look Rach, I know this is a lot. You don’t have to say anything. You-you uh, you take as much time as you need. (Long pause as Rachel says nothing.) Okay, you gotta say something!
Joey: But. (Hangs his head down.)
Joey: Yeah-yeah right. That’s okay. That’s fine. That’s uh, pretty much what I was expecting. So uh, it’s no big deal. All right? I think I’m gonna go. (Stands up.)
Joey: Don’t start doing that. You can’t do that Rach, ‘cause then you’re gonna make me do that. (Starts to cry.) Oh, here we go! (Sits down next to her.)
Joey: Sure! 
Joey: Hey-hey-hey, hey! You can’t. Okay? Ever!
Joey: Oh no-no Rach, please, don’t be sorry. Okay? Don’t be sorry. (They hug again.) Y’know I was only kidding you.
Joey: (hearing Rachel and jumping up with his plate) Oh God! That’s Rachel!
Joey: No-no, I can’t! I can’t! Not after the other night, it’s just it’s…too weird, okay? Don’t tell her I’m here! (Turns to run to the bathroom and his bagel falls off the plate onto the floor.) Don’t eat that! (Runs to the bathroom as Rachel enters.)
Joey: Yeah, a naked bagel game? (Picks up his dropped bagel.) (To Chandler) Dude, I don’t know. That’s a pretty small hole.
Joey: I can’t! Y’know? You guys don’t know what it’s like to put yourself out there like that and just get shot down.
Joey: All right so, so what do I do?
Joey: Yeah. Okay. (Goes to take a bite out of the previously mentioned bagel.) Whoa! (Stops.) I almost forgot this was on your…
Joey: Hey.
Joey: Hi.
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Joey: So you uh, have a…big work problem?
Joey: Huh. Okay. (Awkward silence.) So uh, I think I’m gonna take off.
Joey: Yeah?
Joey: Yeah?
Joey: What?! Oh my-oh my God!
Joey: What he wants to buy your baby?!
Joey: That’s crazy!
Joey: Okay, how did this even happen?
Joey: Man! When you said it was a problem about your boss and the baby I figured it was something about maternity leave.
Joey: Do you think you can just buy my friends baby?!
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Joey: Not a problem. Oh, and just so you know, that guy’s not going to be bothering you about that baby thing anymore.
Joey: Let’s just say I took care of it.
Joey: Don’t worry! Don’t worry. I just told him, very nicely, "You don’t go buying people’s babies, so back off!!"
Joey: What?! Why?!
Joey: And you couldn’t think of anything else?!
Joey: You lied to me!
Joey: So? What-what-what happened?
Joey: I know. I know.
Joey: Hey you’re right. Yeah, it’s kinda been like us again a little bit.
Joey: Me too. I mean I…haven’t thought at all about how I put myself out there and said all that stuff and how you didn’t feel the same way about me and-and how it was really awkward.
Joey: So, who’s the guy?
Joey: Well I can promise you, at least one person will be crying. (Points to himself) I’m an actor, and any actor worth himself can cry on cue. (snaps fingers)
Joey: Are you kidding me? Watch! (Makes funny faces trying to cry) Well I can’t do it with you guys watching me!
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Yeah, yeah, in honor of their 35th wedding anniversary, I had a star named after them. 
Joey: And I got them a book on Karma Sutra for the elderly.
Joey: I have to go to the bathroom too, but I don’t want him complimenting my thing.
Joey: I know
Joey: Yeah uh, Phoebe! Look umm, I want to apologize about before, okay? We were being jerks. Parker’s a nice guy and I’d like to get to know him.
Joey: Why?
Joey: What-what? 
Joey: I know I’m having the worst time. There was a 15-minute line for the buffet, and when I finally got up to the plates, I slipped on a giant booger!
Joey: I guess it could’ve been, I didn’t really look at it. Y’know, I just wiped it on Chandler’s coat and got the hell out of there.
Joey: Oh hey, you should be excited about him. There’s nothing wrong with him he’s a good guy. 
Joey: Yeah. Ya know what I think; I think we were all just being too negative.
Joey: Actually, you have a little bit of an edge.
Joey: Nothing…
Joey: (reading) Three down, Days Of Our Lives star blank Tribbiani. That’s me!! I’m blank!!
Joey: Yeah you are baby.
Joey: No. They really like me over there. They want to do a big profile on me, but I said no.
Joey: Remember what happened the last time I did an interview for them? I said I write a lot of my own lines, and then the writers got mad and made my character fall down the elevator shaft. So who knows what I might say this time.
Joey: Fine! All right, I’ll do it. But hey! You guys have to be at the next table so you can stop me if I y’know, start to say something stupid.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Oh, not at all. Happy to do it.
Joey: (laughs) Actually, I didn’t know the magazine was paying for it. Wouldn’t have mattered, I’m doing this for the fans, not for the free food.
Joey: And I’ll have all the muffins.
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey: Well, there are so many things, it’s hard to pick just one.
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey: In my spare time I uh, read to the blind. And I’m also a mento for the kids.(The gang shake their heads.) Y’know a mento, a role model. (Chandler bites his fist to keep from talking.)
Joey: Right.
Joey: Matter of fact, I do.
Joey: Uh, we stars just try to eat right and get lots of exercise.
Joey:
Joey:
Joey: Yeah!
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey: Uhh, I don’t believe in these crazy diets y’know, just everything in moderation.
Joey: I’ll take those to go. (To the interviewer) For the kids.
Joey: It was so stupid, I said some stuff in an interview that I shouldn’t have said. But believe me, that’s not gonna happen today.
Joey: Well, I said that I… (The gang jumps up and interrupts him.)
Joey: You guys, this is Shelley, she’s interviewing me for Soap Opera Digest, and Shelley, this are my friends…
Joey: Okay.
Joey: No thanks.
Joey: How come you have two?  Chandler: Well this one's for you.  Joey: Get out.  Chandler: No, I can't. No-no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry, (Puts bracelet on Joey) it's about you and me and the fact that we're (Reading bracelet) best buds.  Joey: Wow, is this friendship? I think so. Check it out, we're bracelet buddies.  Chandler: That's what they'll call us.  [The next one is from Episode 618: The One Where Ross Dates A Student.]
Joey: No that’s all right. Don’t worry about it.
Joey: Rach! Hey! It’s fine! You’re at Joey’s!
Joey: Yeah! Look! (He throws some of his spaghetti on the floor.)
Joey: I know.
Joey: All right, don’t waste it, I mean its still food. (He picks it up and eats it.)
Joey: Wow, you are a good friend, 'course the audition was this morning, and I didn't get it. But that was a hell of a kiss. Rachel is a very lucky girl.
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey: Umm, no. No best friend, no. Just a lot of close friends.
Joey: Really? Me? Wow! I don’t even know any huge gay people!
Joey: What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical too. Check it out! It's got compartments for all your stuff! Your wallet! Your keys! Your address book!
Joey: I think face to face.
Joey: Face to face, yeah!
Joey: All right. 
Joey: (grunting) Oh my… How much do you weigh Ross?!
Joey: Y’know, when we talked about face to face, I don’t think we thought it all the way through.
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey:
Joey: Great nap.
Joey: Uh me? Gay? No! No. No, but I have a number of close friends who are. (Chandler and Ross look at each other.)
Joey: Oh-oh-oh-oh, how I do it is, I look a woman up and down and say, "Hey, how you doin’?"
Joey: (to Phoebe) Hey, how you doin’?
Joey: Hey! How you doin’?
Joey: I’d love to show ya, but I just tucked her in. She’s sleeping. (The women both laugh) Hey uh, would you two girls like to go for a drink? (Just then the same guy with the football dives to make a catch, lands on the car cover, and collapses it. It turns out that Joey set up a bunch of boxes to make it look like a Porsche.)
Joey: Hey, (in the Joey voice) how you doin’?
Joey: Oh! I see what happened. It's because I was trying to repel you. Right? Believe me, you'd feel a lot different if I turned it on.
Joey: Oh, I do. (Gives her the Joey-love look.) How you doin?
Joey: What?!?! Oh dear God!
Joey: Not much to tell there I’m really shy.
Joey: Oh great! Great! Thank you. (They shake hands.)
Joey: Bye-bye. (The interviewer leaves and he sits down with the rest of the gang.) I did it!
Joey: Oh, I don’t watch soap operas. Excuse me, I have a life, y’know?
Joey: Oh, good to know. (The interviewer leaves.) So close!
Joey: Yeah, I called the lady about that. I told her I was just joking. She was pretty nice about that.
Joey: Little bit, yeah.
Joey: Oh yeah, that’s just a little something for my huge gay fan base. (Winks at him.)
Joey: Hey, you’re the one that loves the picture.
Joey: Oh no, I can’t go. I’m practicing; I got an audition to be the host of a new game show.
Joey: Yeah-yeah, and if I get it by day I’ll (In a sexy voice) Dr. Drake Remoray, but by night I’ll be (In an announcer’s voice) Joey Trrrribbiani!
Joey: But the audition’s in a couple hours and I don’t even understand the game.
Joey: Oh really? That’d be great! You guys can be the contestants!
Joey: (announcer voice) All right! Let’s play Bamboozled!
Joey: Yeah, isn’t that a cool name?
Joey: All right. Uhh, okay. Our first contestant is Ross Geller. Why don’t you tell us a little something about you Ross?
Joey: I said a little bit Ross. Now, how about you Chandler?
Joey: Excellent! Let’s play Bamboozled! Chandler, you’ll go first. What is the capital of Columbia?
Joey: It’s Ba-go-ta, but close enough. Now, you can either pass your turn to Ross or pick a Wicked Wango card.
Joey: I should know that. Let’s see, just one moment please. Umm, here we are, a Wicked Wango card determines whether you go higher or lower.
Joey: This is embarrassing. (Looks it up.)
Joey: All right Ross you’re in the lead, would you like to take another question or spin the Wheel of Mayhem?
Joey: Okay, this is gonna be tough. Hold your breath.
Joey: No dude, you gotta hold your breath until you’re ready to answer the question.
Joey: Okay, what do you have a fear of if you suffer from this phobia, Tris…Holy cow, that’s a big word. Trisc… Seriously look at this thing. Chandler, how do you say that?
Joey: This one right here. (Ross whines.)
Joey: No! No, fear of the number 13.
Joey: All right Chandler, you’re up.
Joey: All right. Chandler, you can either spin the wheel or pick a Google card.
Joey: You-you must choose Mr. Bing.
Joey: Choose, you jackass!
Joey: Okay, you picked the Gimmie card! You get all of Ross’s points!
Joey: (To Chandler) In what John Houston film would you hear this line, "Badges? We don’t need no stinkin’ badges!"
Joey: Correct! There’s a possible backwards bonus!
Joey: Yes!
Joey: Wise choice, how many rungs?
Joey: (makes a sound like a monkey) That noise can only me one thing.
Joey: Okay, it’s an audio question, name this television theme song. (Starts humming the theme to I Dream of Genie.)
Joey: Yes! Yes, you’re back in the lead!
Joey: All right! All right! Uh, umm, Super-Speedy Speed round!
Joey: Of course!
Joey: Who invented bifocals? 
Joey: Correct! Which monarch has ruled Great Britain the longest?
Joey: Correct again! But, you forgot to switch legs between questions, so no hopping bonus!
Joey: Now, over to Chandler.
Joey: Are you sure?
Joey: Oh my God! Congratulations Ross, because Chandler, you’ve been Bamboozled!
Joey: (announcer voice) It’s a pleasure to meet you Ray.
Joey: (announcer voice) Rightie-O Ray!
Joey: (to the camera) Hello, I’m Joey Tribbiani! Let’s play Bamboozled! Erin, you get the first question! In hockey, who is known as The Great One?
Joey: Correct! Now, would you like to pick a Wicked Wango card or spin the Wheel of Mayhem?
Joey: What—Why?!
Joey: Well what’s complicated? You spin the Wheel of Mayhem to go up the Ladder of Chance. You go past the Mud Hut through the Rainbow Ring to get to the Golden Monkey; you yank his tail and boom! You’re in Paradise Pond!
Joey: Well what’s fun about that? You expect me to be the host of a boring game that’s just people standing around answering questions?
Joey: (announcer voice to the camera) Let’s play Bamboozled!
Joey: Man, this is bad! And I’ve had my share of bad reviews. I still remember my first good one though. (Quoting) "Everything else in this production of Our Town was simply terrible. Joey Tribbiani was abysmal."
Joey: Yeah! Yeah Monica! You listen to me, okay? And I’m not just saying this because I’m your friend, I’m sayin’ it ‘cause it’s the truth. You’re food is abysmal!
Joey: (entering) Hey uh Monica, I can’t remember. Did we say we were gonna meet here or at the movies?
Joey: Okay, I’ll see you there. (Starts to leave) 
Joey: Sure, I can hang out ‘til I have to meet ya. (To Chandler) What uh—How come you’re not going?
Joey: I thought you already have a job.
Joey: Wow! How do you know how to do that?!
Joey: What is it?
Joey: You cooked him?
Joey: Either eat it, or be in it.
Joey: Thata girl! Huh? We should get out of here; there’s a new class comin’ in.
Joey: Hi.
Joey: When you say used, do you mean eat as a pre-cooking snack?
Joey: Cheese makes me thirsty.
Joey: All right.
Joey: I can an A? In-in school? (To Joey) Hey, I’m a dork.
Joey: Yeah!
Joey: Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! I don’t want to go. I’m having fun.
Joey: Hey-hey-hey, if my friend says it’s time to go, it’s time to go. (Starts to leave, but comes back for his cookies.)
Joey: Well I had a great time! Learned how to bake, ate great food, that’s the first A I’ve gotten since seventh grade, and I didn’t have to sleep with the teacher this time.
Joey: What the hell!
Joey: Yeah, this was a stupid idea. (Exits.)
Joey: Oh, it’s a poster for that World War I movie that I’m in, check it out.
Joey: Uh-huh! I know. I’m coming soon to a theater near you! I’m in THX! I’m unsuitable for children!
Joey: Yeah, yeah, it’s already generating Oscar buzz.
Joey: I thought I did! Oh hey guess what? The premiere is next week and you’re all invited! (They all gasp.)
Joey: Sure! Why not?!
Joey: Hello?
Joey: One guest? You told me I can have six tickets!
Joey: Oh my God. So that’s it?! I only get to bring one guest?
Joey: (to Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe) Did you hear that? I only get one extra ticket to my premiere. So some how I have to pick between you three and Ross.
Joey: You said you didn’t want to go.
Joey: Definitely not invisible.
Joey: Well uh…I think I want to take Chandler.
Joey: Yeah! Yeah! I mean I’m sorry, I wish I can take everybody, but y’know Chandler always supported my career. He’s paid for acting classes and head shots and stuff and well this will be my way of paying you back.
Joey: It’s not just the stuff he paid for, I mean it’s-it’s everything. Y’know? He read lines with me. He-he went with me on auditions when I was really nervous, and then he consoled me after I didn’t get parts that I really wanted. You always believed in me man. Even, even when I didn’t believe in myself.
Joey: Thanks. That means a lot to me.
Joey: (in a manly voice) I’m gonna go shave. (Gets up.)
Joey: A little tall.
Joey: Do you mind crouching down a little bit, so that I look taller? (Chandler does so) There you go. (And they walk down the red carpet.)
Joey: (onscreen) "I thought I knew who the enemy was, but it was you all along." 
Joey: (To Chandler) Okay, this is it. It’s my big fight scene coming up. (He looks over and Chandler and notices that he’s asleep.)
Joey: You liked it? You really liked it?
Joey: Which part exactly?
Joey: Oh no-no-no, give me some specifics.
Joey: Hey, what about the scene with the kangaroo? Did-did you like that part?
Joey: You fell asleep!! There was no kangaroo! They didn’t take any of my suggestions! That’s for coming buddy. I’ll see you later. (Starts to walk out.)
Joey: Hey! Sleeping beauty!
Joey: (in a baby voice) Oh no, were you upset? Did you lose sleep?
Joey: Uh-huh look, the only reason I can over here was to settle things between us! Okay? You’ve done a lot for me and my career, I wanted to pay you back so I took you to the premiere but you missed it! Okay, so how much do I owe you?
Joey: Give me a number, I don’t want to owe you anything!
Joey: Ah-ah-ah! We’re doing this! Okay, now you got me my first set of head shots. Right, how much were those?
Joey: Okay, five hundred dollars. What else?
Joey: Okay, so that’s another five hundred. Five hundred and five hundred, that’s… (Pauses to figure it out.)
Joey: Please! 
Joey: All right, what else?
Joey: Which we’re still keeping under our hats!
Joey: What the hell are you talking about, (in a Jamaican accent) "The south will rise again man."
Joey: Yeah. Okay, what else? Rent!
Joey: Okay. Okay, so I’m writing you a check for…So you fell asleep during my movie. Big deal right? How do you clear this thing?
Joey: Hey! You made it!
Joey: You’re ready to have a baby? My boy’s all grown up!
Joey: (voice all high and weird) What?! Are you crazy?!
Joey: God. He’s crazy! Why doesn’t he want to be with Rachel?
Joey: I mean seriously, she’s like the perfect woman. I mean I know she turned me down, but if she hadn’t and wanted to be with me, I would take her in my arms and… (Realizes everyone is staring.) I haven’t bummed you guys out like this in a while have I?
Joey: Come on you stupid machine! Come on!
Joey: (looking at her) No.
Joey: All right.
Joey: Hey I got one! I got one!
Joey: (standing behind her) Uh, you gotta press the button. (Does so.)
Joey: (walks up) Uh, she’s with me. (Introduces himself) Dr. Drake Remoray.
Joey: Remoray. It’s Portuguese. We need that information; I’m a doctor.
Joey: Damnit woman we’re losing precious time! Now do you want this man’s blood on your head?
Joey: Hands! It is absolutely essential that you tell me what room the man my assistant described is staying in. He’s a patient of mine, I’ve been treating him for years!
Joey: 816, thank you! 
Joey: And what is his name?
Joey: Great! Go get him.
Joey: (looks in the window) He’s not really my type.
Joey: But you said he was this great guy!
Joey: You do attract some stinkers.
Joey: Hi! I’m Dr. Drake Remoray and I have a few routine questions I need to ask you.
Joey: I know, but I’m a neurologist. And just to be on the safe side, Dr. Wells wanted a more comprehensive overview of you status so he sent me.
Joey: That was a test. Good response. All right, full name.
Joey: Date of birth? 
Joey: Age?
Joey: I’m a doctor Cliff, not a mathematician.
Joey: Okay. And uh, are you married.
Joey: Oh really? So, 33 and still single, would you say you have commitment issues?
Joey: (checking the list) Yes.
Joey: Oh that’s terrible. I’m-I’m really sorry.
Joey: Hmm. Do you sleep with women and never call them again?
Joey: Excellent! Excellent! And uh, finally, are you into any weird stuff y’know, sexually?
Joey: Oooh, wrong answer. (Exits.)
Joey: Uh, well he’s 33.
Joey: A widower.
Joey: He seemed like a stand up guy. Oh, and he’s not into anything weird sexually.
Joey: (entering) Rachel’s having her baby!! (Phoebe turns and looks at him.) Which is of no interest to me, I’m a neurologist.
Joey: Fake? Excuse me? Hello? (Taps the TV screen.)
Joey: Uh, if I may? Umm-umm look, Cliff, you told me a lot of personal stuff about you, right? And maybe-maybe it would if-if would help if-if you knew some personal stuff about her. Uh, she was married to a gay ice dancer. Uh, she gave birth to her brother’s triplets. Oh! Oh! Her-her twin sister used to do porn!
Joey: Right!
Joey: Me neither.
Joey: There she is!
Joey: (taking the baby) She looks so real! (The gang looks at him.) Y’know what I mean! She’s this whole tiny little person. She already has eyelashes and knees and…uh-oh.
Joey: Oh no-no, no for I second there I counted six fingers, but one was from the other hand so we’re good.
Joey: What’s the matter now?
Joey: What was the other one Ross?
Joey: Hey. I just saw a woman breast feeding both of her twins at the same time; it is like a freak show up here. (Notices she’s wiping her eyes.) What’s the matter?
Joey: What is it? Hey!
Joey: Rach come on, what?
Joey: What are you talking about alone? What about Ross?
Joey: Okay, how long was I watching that woman?
Joey: Yeah, I guess so.
Joey: Hey, listen to me, listen to me…you are never ever gonna be alone. Okay? I promise that’s not gonna happen.
Joey: You don’t have to worry about that okay?
Joey: Sure.
Joey: My God.
Joey: Uh… Look Rach…(Ross enters.) Hey Ross is here! Hey look! It’s my good friend Ross. Hey Ross.
Joey: Hey and look he brought flowers. Thanks Ross, but I’m really more of a candy guy. (Laughs.)
Joey: No.
Joey: Oh, I’m sorry. I meant no.
Joey: Oh hey but, before you guys do that (To Rachel) I need to talk to you, and Ross, I need to talk to you.
Joey: (taking Chandler aside) Hey Chandler, can I talk to you for a second?
Joey: Dude I just did something terrible.
Joey: No! No, that was Jack! Rachel thinks I asked her to marry me!
Joey: Because it kinda looked like I did.
Joey: Okay well, I was down on one knee with the ring in my hand…
Joey: It wasn’t my ring! It fell out of Ross’s jacket! And when I knelt down to pick it up Rachel thought I was proposing!
Joey: I guess.
Joey: I know! I know it’s awful.
Joey: (happily) She said yes.
Joey: Oh God, what the hell am I going to tell him?
Joey: Oh, I like that. Yeah…
Joey: (laughs) Now let’s not get carried away. (He walks away as Monica comes over and hugs Chandler from behind.)
Joey: (entering) Oh uh, hey Pheebs. Uh y’know what? I’ll-I’ll come back later. (He goes to leave but runs into Ross who’s entering.)
Joey: It can’t be me, I’m standing right here.
Joey: (To Ross) We’re not peeking? (Follows him.)
Joey: Hey uh, is it okay to come in?
Joey: Yeah uh look Rach, there’s something I gotta tell ya.
Joey: (watching) Yowsa! (Looks away.)
Joey: Dear Lord.
Joey: Oh uh-uh yeah, I think that…
Joey: Y’know, I don’t really know her.
Joey: (To God) Are you kidding me?!
Joey: I don’t know! Maybe she’s crazy! (Storms out.)
Joey: No! She had the ring on, she seemed so excited, and then she took her breast out.
Joey: I didn’t look at it. Stupid baby’s head was blocking most of it.
Joey: Look, it’s not that easy. She said she wanted to marry me. I don’t want to hurt her.
Joey: You’re right. You’re right. I-I’ll go tell her now before Ross finds out and I’ll be gentle. I can do that. I am a gentle person. Oh, by the way. Two people screwing in there (Points to the closet Chandler and Monica were in) if you want to check that out.
Joey: I can come back.
Joey: No.
Joey: Actually, technically, I didn’t.
Joey: No! No, and I did not ask her to marry me!
Joey: No, I didn’t!
Joey: No, I didn’t!
Joey: Ahhh!
Joey: Yeah. Yeah, that looks bad. But I didn’t…I didn’t propose!
Joey: Okay, the ring fell on the floor and I went down to pick it up and you thought I was proposing.
Joey: No, I didn’t!
Joey: No, I didn’t!
Joey: Well I tried, but people kept coming in and then you took your breast out!
Joey: (To Ross) I’ll tell you about it later. Be cool.
Joey: It wasn’t my ring! It’s Ross’s ring! That’s why I felt so bad Rach, because he was going to propose.
Joey: Well, this is awkward. {See? I told you so.}
Joey: Dude, step up! I proposed.
Joey: Oh that’s right. There’s a lot going on here and I think I ate some bad fruit earlier.
Joey: I can’t believe you’re not going to propose!
Joey: Oh yeah, dude, I totally understand. Usually after I have a baby with a woman I like to slow things down!
Joey: (looking at the ceiling) Ah, it’s beautiful.
Joey: Y’know what you guys? I’m uh, I’m gonna go too. And uh, I’m sorry about everything.
Joey: No, Rach, I should’ve told you sooner. It’s just that…Man! That kid is going to town! (Joey makes his awkward exit.)
Joey: (Enters) Hey you guys I’m gonna take off. I just wanted to let you guys know, say goodbye.
Joey: (He looks around the room) This isn’t the right room, sorry folks. (leaves)
Joey: Why’re you so tired?
Joey: You know what you should’ve done, you should have told yourself that little story.
Joey: Hey so where’s Ross?
Joey: Is he still mad at us?
Joey: That’s not fair! I can’t do that.
Joey: See this is what I was afraid of, I didn’t think I should be here either but somebody (Looks at Chandler) said he’d be over it by now.
Joey: (entering) Hey. (Ross turns to see who it is, and seeing it’s Joey he just ignores him and turns back around.) Ross, I know you’re pissed at me, but we have to talk about this.
Joey:  Fine, fine okay.  But I gotta say technically, I didn’t even do anything wrong.
Joey: I said I didn’t technically.
Joey: Look, can I just stop you right there for a second? When people do this (Makes quote marks with his fingers.) I don’t really know what that means. (Ross just looks at him) You were saying?
Joey: I know I should’ve. (Makes quote marks again.) "I’m sorry." 
Joey: No, come on Ross! (He grabs his bag so he can’t leave) Look, Ross, we have to get past this.
Joey: No, look, I don’t know what else to do. I said I’m sorry!
Joey: You should scream at me, or-or-or curse me, or hit me.
Joey: Why not?  You’ll feel better!  I’ll feel better, and you know you want to. I can see it in your eyes.
Joey: A little bit.
Joey: Little bit.
Joey: (excited) A little bit more.
Joey: No, hit me
Joey: Hit me.
Joey: Hit me!
Joey: (interrupting) Hit me, hit me.
Joey: (shouts) Hit me! Hit me! 
Joey: I’m sorry! It was a reflex! 
Joey: I couldn’t help it! When a fist comes at your face, you duck! Look! (He goes to punch Ross, expecting him to duck, but he doesn’t and Joey punches Ross.   Gunther is amused.)
Joey: You were supposed to duck!!! Why didn’t you duck?
Joey: Good, good yeah, (Grabs the bags) maybe while we’re there, they can check your reflexes. (Joey opens the door and it hits Ross in the face with it.) (Makes quote marks.) "Oops."
Joey: Hey, so how is it?
Joey: Your thumb? That’s weird. (Makes a fist.) You sure you’re punching right? Make a fist. (Ross just looks at him with his thumb in a cast.) Maybe later. Ross I feel terrible.
Joey: You, you want me to help you with that?
Joey: Name? (Ross looks at him.) I know Ross but what’s it short for? You know like, like Rossel or Rosstepher.
Joey: It’s pretty, Okay date of birth?
Joey: Sure, May...tember.
Joey: Occupation? Dinosaurs.
Joey: Alright, who do you want as your emergency contact?
Joey: Okay, relationship, boy this could take a while.
Joey: Come on, you guys are more then that! I mean, you’re gonna get together right?
Joey: But you two were supposed to be together.
Joey: Come on, Ross, that didn’t mean anything! She just had the baby, she was all freaked out about doing it alone, she would have said yes to anybody.
Joey: So?
Joey: Wow.
Joey: Really?
Joey: And you’re Okay with that?
Joey: Hey, for what it’s worth, with Rachel I don’t think you’ll ever be just (Makes quote marks.) "anybody."
Joey: (makes quote marks) "Thanks."
Joey: You know, ah, I’ve been thinking about this and I gotta tell ya, it’s not my fault. It’s a natural instinct.
Joey: Hey OK great, what would you do if I did this? (Swings to punch Chandler, he moves and he ends up punching Ross, knocking him off the stool. Ross then gets up and just stares at Joey.)
Joey: How long do you have to go for?
Joey: A year?!
Joey: Wait a minute, you can't go to Tulsa. Maybe you forgot,   but we've got tickets to the Jets game next week.
Joey: We were gonna go see the Jets!
Joey: I can't believe you guys are moving.
Joey: Here you are (Hands Rachel a cup of coffee)
Joey: (Laughs)
Joey: Uhuh.
Joey: (Laughs)
Joey: I know, yeah. I feel like we're all growing up. Person   named Wiener, God that kills me. (Laughs)
Joey: Actually, you know what? I am. That whole thing with   Rachel made me realize that maybe I'm ready for a more serious relationship.   You know? Like I'd like to meet a nice mature commitment-minded lady. And looks   aren't as important as...Nah, she's gotta be hot.
Joey: I can do that, yeah. How is Friday?
Joey: Yeah! 
Joey: (Laughs) Poophack... (Laughs)
Joey: (Laughs)
Joey: Hey!
Joey: (Realizes that he has forgotten all about the double   date) Oh my God!
Joey: Yeah, so you found someone for me. You didn't forget? 
Joey: No.
Joey: Mike.
Joey: Damnit! Is there no mystery left in romance anymore!?
Joey: Why did I have to say Mike? I don't know a Mike! Why   couldn't I have said... (Looks through his address book) There's no guy in   there! 
Joey: MIKE!!!
Joey: (Checks him out) Okay! (Walks over to his table and   sits down with him)
Joey: Everything is gonna be fine. Just follow my lead, okay?   All you have to do is pretend to be Mike.
Joey: Atta boy!
Joey: Okay, look...
Joey: (Laughs) From school.
Joey: Mike, 'attorney at law'!
Joey: What? That's the kinda thing you usually run by me.
Joey: Which is why I waited until now to introduce you to   Mike.
Joey: No, no, that's not what I meant. Let's get you a cocktail.
Joey: Yeah, that's because we had a bit of a falling out.   Mike hit my mom with a car.
Joey: That's okay Mike, I have forgiven you. And now we're   friends again everything's great!
Joey: Please, we're trying to have a conversation. (Pushes   the wine glass closer to Mary Ellen.)
Joey: What?!
Joey: (Laughs) Of course we do! Mike is playing a game that   we used to play in high school. Yeah, where we pretend we don't know each other.   We played all kinds of games. (To Mike) Hey, remember the one where I punch   you in the face for not being cool?!
Joey: What are you doing? I said seven! (Holds up six fingers.)   (Realizes his mistake) Argh!!!
Joey: Because I forgot about our date, I'm so sorry.
Joey: Look Phoebe I'm so sorry! Hey, look, if you don't like   this guy I can find you a better one. (Looks around) Mike!! Mike!!
Joey: (To Mary Ellen) You're leaving too?
Joey: Good night! 
Joey: (Walks In)
Joey: Look at this. My two best friends!
Joey: I'm mad at you for leaving! You're nothing but a big   leaver. Big leaver with a stupid suitcase.
Joey: Dude, you see right thru me!! (They hug) (Joey heads   for the door and pushes Chandler's suitcase on the way out.)
Joey: (On the phone with Chandler) Double promise? Call me   when you land.
Joey: Okay, bye. (He hangs up the phone.)
Joey: He had to board. 
Joey: Hey, this girl won't turn around and I can't tell   whether she's hot or not, what do you think?
Joey: Alright thanks, Oh hey have you talked to Chandler?
Joey: how come?
Joey: oh why don't you fly out there and surprise him.
Joey: oh and you know what you should bring the black see-through   teddy with the attached garters. (Nods)
Joey: didn't till just now.
Joey: hot not hot (she turns around) Hot!
Joey: I said I think you're hot and now I'm embarrassed.
Joey: that would've been better, I'll try that Hi I'm Joey.
Joey: look I don't usually ask out women that I meet in   coffeehouses
Joey: (turns round) gesundheit
Joey: really, great, did I actually ask you?
Joey: (turns round again) seriously Gunther you should see   someone about that cold, if it gets much worse you could DIE! (Gunther looks   scared)
Joey: yeah and hey thanks again for letting me having that   last piece of cake at the restaurant.
Joey: do you have any cake?
Joey: (bends down to see and the cactus pricks him in the   ass) AWCH! That's why.
Joey: (enters) Hey
Joey: listen to this... I went out with this girl last night   and half way through our date I realized I already slept with her.
Joey: well that's not even the weird part. I don't think   she remembered sleeping with me.
Joey: yeah but she should remember sleeping with me I am   very memorable, you guys know.
Joey: and who's fault is that.
Joey: HEY! I never have an off night ok although sometimes   when I'm a little bloated I don't feel very sexy BUT EVEN THEN I'M BETTER THEN   MOST!
Joey: Interesting. all right I'll go out with her again   and try to get past it (reaches for the chips) OH SALT BLOATY!
Joey: What?
Joey: No. (Pause) wait a minute what was the little mermaid?
Joey: Uh huh, sure, yeah. How can you not remember me?
Joey: How could you not remember that we slept together?
Joey: I dunno!
Joey: come on, come on, search your brain all right. it   was (thinks) a certain amount of time ago, I was here you were here, we had   sex (starts pointing out the places) here, here, here NOT there. Anything?
Joey: my god woman! How many people do you have to had been   with not to remember any of this?
Joey: Ooooooooooh, I slept with you! And you obviously remember   me Hey! I still got it. (Turns back to Hayley) so were good. (She just glares   at him) I'll let myself out.
Joey: (looks at a girl walk in) see ordinarily I would talk   to her, but my confidence is shaken did I sleep with her? Did I not sleep with   her?
Joey: your right! I love my life! (He gets up to go and   speak to the girl and he turns back and sits down) I actually did sleep with   her.
Joey: Thursday? But thats Halloween.
Joey: [Its just] So spooky, thats all.
Joey: I know, u-uch.
Joey: What about me, he? Only had one lunch today.
Joey: No, theyre comin, were waitin right here.
Phoebe &amp; Joey: Hey.
Joey: Maybe we should just eat now.
Joey: Wha-a how about this: Another table leaves, right? But theres  still some food left on their place, okay, whats the restaurants policy about  people eatin that?
Joey: But it happens? (waiter leaves) Im gotta go to the  bathroom.
Joey: If you ask me to stay, Ill pee. (leaves)
Joey: (returns to their old table where elderly people are sitting  now, sits) Finally you guys made it. (looks up, turns left to Phoebes chair)  Pheebs, who the helluhuhh!
Joey: Thank you. (stands up and kisses her lips.) Waiter! lright,  this is gonna be fast, so try to keep up: Risotto with the shaped truffles and  the roasted rip steak with the golden Chanterelles and a Bordelaise sauce and  that any that stuff I just said means snails. (Hope, *I* kept up.)
Joey: Oh, uh, again. Can I make a special request: Can you bring  everything as soon as its ready? Appetizers, entrees, we dont care.
Joey: Thats a great storycan I eat it?
Joey: (mumbling) Never hit a woman. Never hit a woman.
Joey: Ross bruises like a peach. He bruises like a peach.
Joey: And remember whatever comes up first. Okay? And hurry, because  
Joey: Son of a bitch!
Joey: Why are you going? He said, she wanted the shrew! (runs after  the waiter)
Joey: (returned) No, no, its okay, I already told the waiter what  they want.
Joey: Chandler, control your woman!
Joey: (to Chandler and Monica) Well, what is going on with you  two?
Joey: So? Did have sex, right?
Joey: See ya. Well, this is just us.
Joey: Do, do you gonna do it now?
Joey: No-ohoh. (the Bings leave, the waiter comes)
Joey: Nah, just me. All alone. (all the food is served) Dinner for six  for one, uh, you boys are about to see something really special.
Joey: Excellent. The shrew in particular was exclusive.
Joey: Joey! Joey.
Joey: Thats the best birthday ever.
Joey: wow, the parade is really good this year. Man those   horses can crap. 
Joey: Oh my God!
Joey: Yeah! I totally forgot I'm supposed to be there. I   can't believe I forgot. I usually write stuff like this on my arm. 
Joey: I guess I'm going to have to come up with a really   good reason why I wasn't there. The producers are going to be so mad at me.   They sat us all down yesterday and said "Everyone has to be there at 6:00   AM sharp, that means you Tribbiani." Like.. like I was some kind of idiot. 
Joey: Hey happy Thanksgiving.. Pheebs! &lt;motions her to   come over&gt; 
Joey: I.. I.. I need a good lie.
Joey: No, no, no I need a good lie to explain why I wasn't   at a work thing today.
Joey: I do not.
Joey: Somebody opened the door to the coffee house and a   raccoon came running in, went straight for your muffin and I said "Hey   don't eat that-that's Phoebe's" and he said.. &lt;pause&gt; He said.. "Joey   you stink at lying." What am I going to do? 
Joey: Oh great, that'd be great. Thank you. 
Joey: Uh.. &lt;forgetting what the work thing was, rolls   up his sleeve on his right arm and shows Phoebe, she looks&gt;
Joey: Oh.. man..
Joey: Pheebs, I still need some help here
Joey: Oh.. I don't know why this is so hard for me. you know..   I mean lying is basically just acting and I am a terrfic actor. 
Joey: Hey! How come my plate's less fancy then everyone else's?   Do you not trust me with a fancy plate? 
Joey: I can't believe I won.
Joey: Yeah he's lying. He looked down. 
Joey: I lie better then that, right?
Joey: Oh, I like that, yeah. Wasn't at the parade because   I had a family emergency.
Joey: Arg... Alright, I'll take care of it. &lt;throws hands   out in the air&gt;
Joey: Setting the table. 
Joey: ooh oooh.. 
Joey: What? Are you out of your mind? Lets throw some jello   on them. 
Joey: Actually its not pies, its just pie. 
Joey: Hey! I did it. I called my producer. I told him I had   a family emergency, he totally bought it. Thanks for teaching me how to lie   Pheebs.
Joey: Oh, you told her you broke all the plates, huh? (Chandler   walks back, looking angrily at Joey)
Joey: Uhm... (looks down) Yeah... this uhm... raccoon came   in...
Joey: (impressed) Wow, that was great! You really wrote that?
Joey: I *love* my job.
Joey: Rach, these are for you.
Joey: No, but with this new car smell, you'll think you do.
Joey: Uh-huh.
Joey: And for Ross, Mr. Sweet-tooth.
Joey: They're ribbed for *your* pleasure.
Joey: Ahh, wait, is Wendy the runner-up Miss Oklahoma?
Joey: Hey-heeyyy - Look at that, it's a Christmas miracle!
Joey: Hey, hey, uh, who did you miss the most?
Joey: Got ya. (blinks an eye)
Joey: Mine's is to Lilian Myers.
Joey: Hey. So where's Mon?
Joey: And you're not helping?
Joey: You damn right I am, I've been waiting for a cookie for 7 minutes.
Joey: Yeah, you too.
Joey: How do you think she's doing?
Joey: Man, I wish I had a nanny like you.
Joey: Sure.
Joey: Why not?
Joey: So, what, you think I'm just gonna sleep with her and never call    her again and things are gonna get uncomfortable? (thinks about it) Yeah, sounds    about right.
Joey: Oh, man, why did have to go and say that for? Now that you told    me I can't have it makes me want her even more!
Joey: Yes!
Joey: Fine. (looks around, then focuses on Monica)
Joey: For a walk.
Joey: Actually, that will be long. You know, I really need to organize    my thoughts.
Joey: Allright, fine, I only have one thought! It's about the hot nanny, I gotta    see her!
Joey: Now YOU'RE telling me I can't see her?? You guys are killing me!    She's forbidden fruit! It's like ... like she's the princess and I'm the stable    boy ... Why are you doing this, huh? Did Ross tell you not to let me go over    there?
Joey: Huh. Interesting. Now there are obstacles. Hot nanny and me against the    world. This is the kind of stuff great novels are made of.
Joey: Fine ... mediocre porn
Joey: Hey Rach, so can I sing happy birthday to you now?
Joey: Oh ... (Starts to sing) Happy birth ... (sees Molly leaving) oh, see you    later (runs after Molly)
Joey: So you see, Molly, what people don't understand is that acting is a discipline.    It takes a lot of hard work.
Joey: Oh, I didn't go to college.
Joey: Molly ... people don't study acting ...
Joey: (upset) Will the stable boy never get the princess??
Joey: No ... the leather sticks to my ass. You know, this isn't fair.    What makes you think that I'm just gonna sleep with her and then blow her off?    Huh? Can't you guys open your minds to the possibility that I actally like her,    and might want something real? (pause) Look, the truth is, I haven't felt this    way about anyone since Rachel, ok? I didn't think I could ever love again.
Joey: Ok (admits)
Joey: It's like my favorite fairy tale come true! (Chandler looks at him) The    princess, the stable boy and the lesbian!
Joey:
Joey: Morning, roomie!
Joey: Fifth day's a charm.
Joey: Hey, it's great having you back. You know, stay as long as you want,       and when does she stop crying all night?
Joey: She's probably exhausted from all that adorable screaming she did       last night.
Joey: No, hey, it's been great.
Joey: Yeah. And look, I just want you to know that with Rachel staying       here and everything, all my feelings from before are totally over, okay?       And even if they weren't, when you accidentally walk in on a woman using       a breast pump...
Joey: Wow! So, how are you?
Joey: Really?
Joey: Well, actually it...
Joey: Wow, really?
Joey: Sure, I know lots of girls. 
Joey: Ooh, names?
Joey: Hey. I was just gonna get something to eat. You want something?
Joey: I'm fine, I'm fine, it's just, it's just weird what's happening with       her and Ross. You know, yesterday he asked me to fix him up with somebody.
Joey: Why are they doing this?
Joey: You know what's crazy? These jars. What is it, like two bites in       here?
Joey: I know, I know. And when they moved back in together, I figured y'know,       that's where things were headed.
Joey: Yes, and they should name one of their kids Joey. I may not have       kids; someone's gotta carry on the family name.
Joey: Yeah, because it is slim pickings. I had this date last night: Yuck!       But we should probably keep it down; she's still in the bedroom.
Joey: I know; that just pushes them further and further apart. 
Joey: Ooh, that's a great plan! 
Joey: Shhh! Not so loud, we don't wanna wake up, uh...
Joey: Hey.
Joey: All right! Who is he?
Joey: She's this really boring woman. She's a teacher! 
Joey: Yeah, yeah, she's really into history and foreign movies... And oh,       oh, she loves puzzles. Huh? Come on, who loves puzzles?
Joey: Oh my god, you're right! 
Joey: She even reads for pleasure!
Joey: What? I'm not allowed to know smart women? 
Joey: I met her at the library. I went in to pee.
Joey: Well, okay, I'll - I'll just call her and tell her the date's cancelled,       and find him somebody else.
Joey: Ooh...I hear that's bad. 
Joey: Ah, yes, The Plan! (Laughs loudly again, but he sounds more like       Santa Claus.)
Joey: Yeah, you know, it's not that fun.
Joey: Oh, great, pretty soon they'll be back together.
Joey: Hello?
Joey: Emma? Hey! Hi!
Joey: How are ya? How are ya? Where are your babysitters, huh? Why's the       bedroom door closed?
Joey: You can't have S-E-X, when you're taking care of the B-A-B-I-E!
Joey: Because you two were having sex!
Joey: Don't you lie to me! I could tell by Chandler's hair. (To Chandler.)       You are so lazy. Can't you get on top for once?
Joey: Hey! It is unacceptable that you two would have sex with Emma in       the next room. I'm gonna have to tell Rachel about this. 
Joey: Hey, I gotta! Unless...
Joey: Unless you name your firstborn child Joey.
Joey: Hey, I may never have kids, and somebody's gotta carry on my family       name.
Joey: (BEAT) (Laughs.) You almost had me.
Joey: Uh-huh.
Joey: It's easy, you just walk in on them having sex.
Joey: We're geniuses! Yeah, look at them, look at them, they're really       bonding.
Joey: Where?
Joey: Can you believe they're still not here?
Joey: I know, I'm so bummed. Can we have our free crab cakes now?
Joey: We've been stood up. (sniffles) And we want our free crab cakes.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: I'd be lying if I said I haven't thought about it myself. Chandler is   my best friend, it would be wrong. Good...(He winks)...But wrong.
Joey: Aww, I don't know Monica y'know... erm... lending friends money is always   a mistake.
Joey: And I think he would tell you it was a mistake.
Joey: Oh...how much?
Joey: Two thousand dollars!? What do you think I am? I soap opera star!?
Joey: That's right I am! (Opens drawer and rummages through it. Rachel enters)
Joey: Oo...what's in the bag?
Joey: Oh...baby-proofing... Why is this such a big deal now? Y'know, when   I was a kid it was like.. "Whoops! Joey fell down the stairs!" or   er.. "Whoops! Joey electrocuted himself again!" Huh!
Joey: You're gonna do it?
Joey: Oh, women can. You can't.
Joey: The hardware store is right down the street.
Joey: Hey!
Joey: I thought you didn't have secrets from Monica.
Joey: Yeah, I know.
Joey: Err... I just figured it out! You know, I mean you're not working and   the economy is bad.
Joey: (to himself) That's the fastest I have ever thought!
Joey: Oh! Sure! How much? Two thousand dollars?
Joey: Err...Well I...Know how much you used to make and I know how much your   rent is. (shrugs)
Joey: (To himself) I am on fire!
Joey: Err... Kind of.
Joey: Oh no no no no no... It wasn't... It wasn't because of your money problems,   it was for something for her.
Joey: Something personal.
Joey: Boob job.
Joey: Well it's...It's not that crazy okay? Making them smaller, that would   be crazy.
Joey: Rach?! (He walks over to the fridge to put it in, but it cannot be opened   either) Rachel!!!!? (He walks to the bathroom and tries to lift the toilet   seat cover. It won't come up.) So I can't do anything I like????
Joey: Because she is!
Joey: Mmmm hmm! For your boob job!
Joey: OK so I'm out four thousand dollars and nobody's boobs are getting any   bigger?
Joey: Hey uh, where do you guys want this?
Joey: (voice strained) Couldn't have this conversation down at the truck huh?
Joey: AH HAH! I DID IT! HA HA! Alright... (He takes a box out, about to close   fridge, then thinks.) Better take all I can carry. Who knows when i'll be able   to get in here again!
Joey: Hey Ross, check this out! (he tries to spin a basketball on his fingertip but he throws it against a table) yeah, I can't do that!
Joey: Hey! (he throws the basketball against a table again)
Joey: (he stops Chandler from posting the message) No, no, no... what do... you can't do that to him!
Joey: Dude! (he opens his arms to receive the ball from Ross' hands)
Joey: (after Ross leaves the room) aaand SEND! (he hits the send button)
Joey: Oh, it was a lot of fun right up until Chandler got a finger in the eye!
Joey: Chandler... hey... (he goes towards his room but he stops near Emma's cot) Rach... what's Hugsy doin' in the crib with Emma? (he looks puzzled)
Joey: (still very puzzled) Oh, yeah... of course... yeah... it's a stuffed animal... you know... it's for kids... not for adults... I know that!
Joey: Rachel... let's be clear on this, ok? I do not love Hugsy. I like him a normal amount... 
Joey: Why wouldn't she? He's a wonderful person!
Joey: Look at you, all sweet and innocent, sleeping like an angel...  with Emma's chubby little hands wrapped around ya. (he picks up Hugsy) It's okay, Emma, you stay asleep. (Emma cries)
Joey: It's okay, it's okay Rach, it's me. Put down the scrunchy.
Joey: Well, I heard Emma stirring, so I came to make sure she could reach Hugsy.
Joey: (placing Hugsy back in the crib) There you go sweetie...  (to Emma) This isn't over.
Joey: Hey, look who's here! It's Joey, and he brought home a friend.
Joey: No, no, it's not a girl, it's...  a brand new Hugsy!
Joey: No, no, Emma has one Hugsy, the new Hugsy, huh? The other Hugsy, I don't know, I guess I'll just take it back.
Joey: Make the transfer! (She does so)
Joey: Oh, no don't worry about that, I swallowed that years ago.
Joey: But he's the same.
Joey: But he's the same.
Joey: He's the same!
Joey: (to the new Hugsy) You're not the same!
Joey: Original or crappy?
Joey: No, sorry haven't seen him.
Joey: It's Monica, ok?
Joey: Alright!! Fine! It's original Hugsy! No, now I know that Emma wants him but he's mine and I need him..
Joey: ... she's being unreasonable!
Joey: It does?
Joey: Really? She... she loves me?
Joey: Ok, wait wait wait wait a minute wait a minute, I mean Rach, I mean if if... . If Hugsy means that much to Emma then...  well she can have him.
Joey: Look forget it forget it...  I can't do it.
Joey: How do you think I got him in the first place?
Joey: Monica, hey, can I borrow the Porsche?
Joey: Alright!
Joey: (abashed) A place to entertain my lady friends.
Joey: (even more abashed) A place to eat spaghetti.
Joey: Oh well, the powerball lottery is upto 300 million and they don't sell tickets here in New York, so...
Joey: (hesitates for a moment)Yeah Connecticut...Not West Virginia.
Joey: Uh!
Joey: Seriously, Ross, you don't want in on this?
Joey: I like those odds!
Joey: (who wasn't paying attention)What's that now?
Joey: (sounding panicky)Oh my god Ross! You don't have Emma! And Rachel you don't have Emma! (Starts yelling) Where's Emma? Who has Emma!?
Joey: (not yelling anymore)I was?
Joey: I did?
Joey: Oh yeah! The casserole lady.
Joey: Ooh! Tough odds!
Joey: (smiling)Look who's coming around!
Joey: (excited)Did you get it?
Joey: (Still excited)By you!?
Joey: I'll do it!! It'll get the casserole stink off of mine.
Joey: I can't tell you what I'm wishing for! Else...you know...won't come true!
Joey: Can't really say!
Joey: (slightly irritated)I'm not really comfortable with these questions!
Joey: I won, hey!
Joey: Seriously, that's your fantasy? To invest it? 
Joey: Ooh, ooh, I know! We should pool all own money and buy the Knicks!
Joey: Oh, you will when I pick you as starting forward.
Joey: You're not gonna let me buy the Knicks?? I can't believe you're taking this away from me!
Joey: Dude, I'm sorry. But hey, there's one spot left, right?
Joey: I was with you the whole time we were in Connecticut, when did you even get those?
Joey: (to Ross) I'll show you how.
Joey: Yeah, I want my tickets too (takes the bowl from Rachel)! And I'm buying the Knicks! And Steffi Graff, ah ah!
Joey: Hey, if anybody gets extra tickets, it should be me! This all thing was my idea! (takes the bowl from Monica)
Joey: (in pain) Oh!
Joey: No, no! (they all go towards the balcony but they get jammed in the window)
Joey: (sitting on the sofa in front of the tv) Rach, come on! They are announcing the numbers! My God, I can already feel myself changing.
Joey: And what did she say?
Joey: (checking the last ticket) Damnit! anybody got anything?
Joey: (to Chandler) Hey, that is so great about the job. 
Joey: And I like to think I had a little something to do with it.
Joey: Well, before, with the wishbone... I didn't wish we would win the lottery, I wished you'd get the job.
Joey: Oh yeah.
Joey: Me too.
Joey: (sitting in a chair) Hey guys, so I just called the Powerball hotline, can you believe it? Nobody won.
Joey: (talking to a pineapple in his hand) God, you're beautiful...why are we fighting this?You know you want it to happen as much as I do.
(Rachel comes out of her room and starts staring at him unseen)Joey: I want you.I need you.Let me make love to you. Rachel: I don't wanna stand in the way of true love or anything, but I think a  cantaloupe might hurt less. Joey: Oh, ehm...I'm...I'm rehearsing my lines.They gave me a big romantic story on Days Of Our Lives. It's the first time my character's got one. I'm so nervous, you know, I really want it to be good! Rachel: Woow!I haven't seen you this worked up since you did that dog food commercial and you thought you were gonna be with a real talking dog! Joey: Yeah, that was a disappointment...(pause) Oh, hey!D'you want to come down to the set and tell me if I'm doing ok? Rachel: (excited) Are you serious? Joey: Yeah!Hey, you just have to promise not to get yourself thrown out again. Rachel: Hey, that was an honest mistake! Joey: Right!(he starts to ape her)"Oh my God, is this the men's room? Oh, I feel so foolish, have you always known you wanted to be an actor?" (he inclines his head as if to look at a man's private parts) Rachel: Yeah, that was an awesome day! Opening credits [Scene: Central Perk] Monica: Hey! Phoebe: Hey! Ross: Hi! Monica: So, do you guys wanna come and eat dinner at the restaurant sometime in the next few weeks? Phoebe: Sure! Ross: I'd love to! Monica: Well you can't! We're booked solid for the next month! Phoebe: Well, I can't give you a massage, because my licence has been revoked again! Ross: Phoebe, what happened? Phoebe: Well, it was an accident...You know, it's a lot of oil and sometimes the hand just slips! (Chandler enters)Chandler: (To Monica) Have I got a surprise for you? Pack your bags! Phoebe: Oh no!You guys aren't supposed to get divorced for 7 years! Chandler: What? No, I'm taking Monica to a romantic inn in Vermont (shows them a brochure)! Phoebe: Oh, good!Ok, good for you!Try to recapture the magic! Chandler: So, what do you say? Can you get out of work? Monica: Oh, honey!I can't. I was just telling these guys that things are crazy at the restaurant! Chandler: Are you really that busy? Monica: Yeah, I'm sorry. I really am. Chandler: Oh, that's ok.I'll just try and reschedule. (on the phone) "Hi, this is Chandler Bing. I made a reservation there and I need to change it (pause) Oh, what do you mean it's not refundable? Can I just come some other time? (pause) Oh, can't you make an exception?" Monica: Tell them I'm a chef in a big New York restaurant! Phoebe: And tell them that in 2 weeks I will once again be a masseuse in good standing! Chandler: (on the phone) "Look, this is ridiculous! I'm not paying for that room! Ok?" (pause) "Oh, thank you very much!" (hangs up) Yeah, I'm going to Vermont... Ross: Oh, don't worry about it! Just use your travel insurance. Chandler: I don't have travel insurance. Ross: Well, this is what happens when people live on the edge! Monica: Why don't you take Ross? Ross: Uh, don't you think that would be a little weird? I mean, two guys in a romantic inn... Monica: No, not if their room has two beds! Ross: (browsing the brochure) I guess...It still seems a little...(enthusiastically) moonlight boat ride!! [Scene: Days of Our Lives' Studios] Rachel: Hey Joey, is this the bed where Olivia lost her virginity? Joey: I don't know, but one of the extras sure did! (pause) Hey, listen Rach. Thanks again for coming down to watch my scenes! Rachel: Oh, please!Honey, just the fact that you want me here to support you, I'm...OH MY GOD!Is that Christian Sanders?He's so gorgeous! Joey: Also so gay! Rachel: Oh, in my head he's done some pretty "not-gay-stuff"! Joey: Well, at the Christmas party him and Santa did some definitely gay stuff! Director: Joey, Joey! We're ready for you! Joey: Oh, wish me luck! Rachel: Ok, not that you need it but good...GOD!Is that Chase Lassiter?He's straight, right? Joey: Rach, I gotta say...if you weren't here wondering if these guys were gay I don't know if I could do this! Rachel: Oh, I'm sorry, you're right.I'm sorry, good luck! (they hug) Director: On a bell please! Quietly.. and ACTION! (the scene starts.Joey enters and there's a girl wearing a wedding dress near a bed)Actress/Olivia: Drake! What are you doing in here? Joey/Drake: Stopping you from marrying the wrong man and making the biggest mistake of your life. Actress/Olivia: Get out! Joey/Drake: You don't love him! Actress/Olivia: What do you know about love? Joey/Drake: I know what I felt that night when we kissed under the bridge. Actress/Olivia: That kiss never happened. Joey/Drake: Oh, what about this one. (the actress slaps him)Rachel: (watching a television where the scene is shown, startled) OH! Actress/Olivia: No, I told you...get out! Joey/Drake: Fine. I'll go. But let me ask you one question... Chase Lassiter: (talking to Rachel) You look familiar, have we... Rachel: SSSHHHHTTT!!He's asking her a question!! Joey/Drake: Can you really live the rest of your life never knowing what we could have been? Actress/Olivia: I don't have a choice... Joey/Drake: Yes, you do.Yes...you do. I'm the one who doesn't have a choice because I...because I can't stop loving you. Actress/Olivia: Don't say that... Joey/Drake: Tell me to stop, just...tell me to stop. (he's about to kiss her) Director: CUT! Rachel: NO! (pause) Or, cut!You know, that's your call! [Scene: Monica's restaurant] 1st Customer: Everything was delicious! Monica: Thank you! 2nd Customer: It was. The duck in particular was superb. Monica: Thank you!(she looks at the 3rd customer waiting for a compliment) You haven't said anything... 3rd Customer: Actually I do have one small complaint. Monica: Oh..please!I-I welcome criticism. 3rd Customer: The musician right outside the restaurant...it's kind of a mood-killer! Monica: What musician? [Scene: Outside the restaurant] Phoebe: (playing guitar and singing) And there's a country called Argentinaaaa, it's a place I've never seeeeen. But I'm told for fifty pesos you can buy a human spleen. Humaaan spleeeeen. Olè! Monica: What are you doing here! Phoebe: Well, you said that you had customers lined up in the street, so I am here to entertain! Monica: Great! Phoebe: Yeah! It really has been great too, you know, some of this people must have seen me play before because they were requesting a bunch of my songs! Yeah, "You suck" and "shut up and go home". Monica: Listen Phoebe... Phoebe: Yeah. Monica: You know how much I love listening to your music, you know, but... Phoebe: But what? Monica: This is kind of a classy place. Phoebe: (pause) Ok, say no more. [Time lapse: Phoebe in front of restaurant again] Phoebe: (with a fancy dress, still playing and singing): It wasn't just that she was fat, the woman smelled like garbage! Everyone! It wasn't just that she was fat the woman smelled like garbaaaaaage! (to Monica, showing her dress) Classy, uh? (Monica covers her face with her hands)[Scene: hall of the romantic inn in Vermont] Chandler: Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation. Receptionist: Welcome to the Chestnut Inn Mr. Bing, so where are you joining from? Chandler: New York. Ross: (in a strange voice and eating candies) The big apple! Chandler: I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here. Ross: Yeah, I ate all my gifts for everybody. Receptionist: I am sorry Mr. Bing, there's no record of your reservation in the computer. Chandler: Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please? Ross: (high pitched voice) Check again please! Receptionist: I'm sorry, it's not here. Ross: Not there. Chandler: Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation? Receptionist: I don't know what to say. Ross: (mumbling) She doesn't know what to say! Chandler: Just give us the cheapest room you have. Receptionist: Unfortunatly the only thing we have available is our deluxe suite, the rate is six hundred dollars. Chandler: That's insane! Ross: Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves. Chandler: Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? (pause) We'll take it. Receptionist: Great. Chandler: (aside, to Ross) What!? They are totally ripping us off! Ross: Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six! Chandler: Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there! Ross: C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time! Chandler: Dude, you're shaking! Ross: I think it's the sugar, could you hold the apple? [Scene: Joey's apartment] Rachel: Hi! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking all day about that scene you did, I mean, you were amazing! Joey: Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me! Rachel: God, you have to tell me what happens tomorrow! Joey: Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me? Rachel: Me? Oh, no, I am not an actress. Joey: Oh, all right, I can ask Monica. Rachel: Oh screw her, that part is mine! Joey: Right... (pause) ok, so just from the top of the page, right here. Rachel: Okay. (pause).(acting) Hello Drake, I'm surprised to see you here. Joey/Drake: I can't believe you married him. Rachel/actress: But what choice did I have. He was keeping my sister in a dungeon! Joey/Drake: So what about us? Everything we feel for each other. Rachel/actress: It's over! You have to accept that. Joey/Drake: How can I? Knowing I'll never hold you in my arms again, or touch your skin, or feel your lips, knowing I'll never make love to you? How can I accept that... I can never kiss you again when it's all I can do not to kiss you right now. Rachel: (pause) Kiss me. Joey: What? Rachel: Kiss me. Joey: Ah, Rach, it doesn't say that! Rachel: No, I'm saying... Joey: but, but.. Rachel: just... don't talk... (she kisses him) [Scene: Rachel's bedroom] Rachel: (waking up) Ehhh, aw! (pause). Well, that's new! [Scene: Hotel's room] Ross: (on the phone) Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? (pause) Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? (pause) Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons.  (Chandler enters the room)Ross: What did you get? Chandler: USA Today Ross: Nice, put it with the others. Chandler: And I also got... two more apples. Ross: We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!   Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. Ross: Oh, that's not cool. Chandlers: Dude, none of this is cool. Ross: No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. (pause) Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt (he opens the salt shaker and pours the salt into his hand) I wish I'd thought this through. Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that. Ross: Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)? Ross: No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Chandler: Yes, but the batteries... (Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Joey: I want you.I need you.Let me make love to you.
Joey: Oh, ehm...I'm...I'm rehearsing my lines.They gave me a big romantic story on Days Of Our Lives. It's the first time my character's got one. I'm so nervous, you know, I really want it to be good!
Joey: Yeah, that was a disappointment...(pause) Oh, hey!D'you want to come down to the set and tell me if I'm doing ok?
Joey: Yeah!Hey, you just have to promise not to get yourself thrown out again.
Joey: Right!(he starts to ape her)"Oh my God, is this the men's room? Oh, I feel so foolish, have you always known you wanted to be an actor?" (he inclines his head as if to look at a man's private parts)
(Chandler enters)Chandler: (To Monica) Have I got a surprise for you? Pack your bags! Phoebe: Oh no!You guys aren't supposed to get divorced for 7 years! Chandler: What? No, I'm taking Monica to a romantic inn in Vermont (shows them a brochure)! Phoebe: Oh, good!Ok, good for you!Try to recapture the magic! Chandler: So, what do you say? Can you get out of work? Monica: Oh, honey!I can't. I was just telling these guys that things are crazy at the restaurant! Chandler: Are you really that busy? Monica: Yeah, I'm sorry. I really am. Chandler: Oh, that's ok.I'll just try and reschedule. (on the phone) "Hi, this is Chandler Bing. I made a reservation there and I need to change it (pause) Oh, what do you mean it's not refundable? Can I just come some other time? (pause) Oh, can't you make an exception?" Monica: Tell them I'm a chef in a big New York restaurant! Phoebe: And tell them that in 2 weeks I will once again be a masseuse in good standing! Chandler: (on the phone) "Look, this is ridiculous! I'm not paying for that room! Ok?" (pause) "Oh, thank you very much!" (hangs up) Yeah, I'm going to Vermont... Ross: Oh, don't worry about it! Just use your travel insurance. Chandler: I don't have travel insurance. Ross: Well, this is what happens when people live on the edge! Monica: Why don't you take Ross? Ross: Uh, don't you think that would be a little weird? I mean, two guys in a romantic inn... Monica: No, not if their room has two beds! Ross: (browsing the brochure) I guess...It still seems a little...(enthusiastically) moonlight boat ride!! [Scene: Days of Our Lives' Studios] Rachel: Hey Joey, is this the bed where Olivia lost her virginity? Joey: I don't know, but one of the extras sure did! (pause) Hey, listen Rach. Thanks again for coming down to watch my scenes! Rachel: Oh, please!Honey, just the fact that you want me here to support you, I'm...OH MY GOD!Is that Christian Sanders?He's so gorgeous! Joey: Also so gay! Rachel: Oh, in my head he's done some pretty "not-gay-stuff"! Joey: Well, at the Christmas party him and Santa did some definitely gay stuff! Director: Joey, Joey! We're ready for you! Joey: Oh, wish me luck! Rachel: Ok, not that you need it but good...GOD!Is that Chase Lassiter?He's straight, right? Joey: Rach, I gotta say...if you weren't here wondering if these guys were gay I don't know if I could do this! Rachel: Oh, I'm sorry, you're right.I'm sorry, good luck! (they hug) Director: On a bell please! Quietly.. and ACTION! (the scene starts.Joey enters and there's a girl wearing a wedding dress near a bed)Actress/Olivia: Drake! What are you doing in here? Joey/Drake: Stopping you from marrying the wrong man and making the biggest mistake of your life. Actress/Olivia: Get out! Joey/Drake: You don't love him! Actress/Olivia: What do you know about love? Joey/Drake: I know what I felt that night when we kissed under the bridge. Actress/Olivia: That kiss never happened. Joey/Drake: Oh, what about this one. (the actress slaps him)Rachel: (watching a television where the scene is shown, startled) OH! Actress/Olivia: No, I told you...get out! Joey/Drake: Fine. I'll go. But let me ask you one question... Chase Lassiter: (talking to Rachel) You look familiar, have we... Rachel: SSSHHHHTTT!!He's asking her a question!! Joey/Drake: Can you really live the rest of your life never knowing what we could have been? Actress/Olivia: I don't have a choice... Joey/Drake: Yes, you do.Yes...you do. I'm the one who doesn't have a choice because I...because I can't stop loving you. Actress/Olivia: Don't say that... Joey/Drake: Tell me to stop, just...tell me to stop. (he's about to kiss her) Director: CUT! Rachel: NO! (pause) Or, cut!You know, that's your call! [Scene: Monica's restaurant] 1st Customer: Everything was delicious! Monica: Thank you! 2nd Customer: It was. The duck in particular was superb. Monica: Thank you!(she looks at the 3rd customer waiting for a compliment) You haven't said anything... 3rd Customer: Actually I do have one small complaint. Monica: Oh..please!I-I welcome criticism. 3rd Customer: The musician right outside the restaurant...it's kind of a mood-killer! Monica: What musician? [Scene: Outside the restaurant] Phoebe: (playing guitar and singing) And there's a country called Argentinaaaa, it's a place I've never seeeeen. But I'm told for fifty pesos you can buy a human spleen. Humaaan spleeeeen. Olè! Monica: What are you doing here! Phoebe: Well, you said that you had customers lined up in the street, so I am here to entertain! Monica: Great! Phoebe: Yeah! It really has been great too, you know, some of this people must have seen me play before because they were requesting a bunch of my songs! Yeah, "You suck" and "shut up and go home". Monica: Listen Phoebe... Phoebe: Yeah. Monica: You know how much I love listening to your music, you know, but... Phoebe: But what? Monica: This is kind of a classy place. Phoebe: (pause) Ok, say no more. [Time lapse: Phoebe in front of restaurant again] Phoebe: (with a fancy dress, still playing and singing): It wasn't just that she was fat, the woman smelled like garbage! Everyone! It wasn't just that she was fat the woman smelled like garbaaaaaage! (to Monica, showing her dress) Classy, uh? (Monica covers her face with her hands)[Scene: hall of the romantic inn in Vermont] Chandler: Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation. Receptionist: Welcome to the Chestnut Inn Mr. Bing, so where are you joining from? Chandler: New York. Ross: (in a strange voice and eating candies) The big apple! Chandler: I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here. Ross: Yeah, I ate all my gifts for everybody. Receptionist: I am sorry Mr. Bing, there's no record of your reservation in the computer. Chandler: Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please? Ross: (high pitched voice) Check again please! Receptionist: I'm sorry, it's not here. Ross: Not there. Chandler: Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation? Receptionist: I don't know what to say. Ross: (mumbling) She doesn't know what to say! Chandler: Just give us the cheapest room you have. Receptionist: Unfortunatly the only thing we have available is our deluxe suite, the rate is six hundred dollars. Chandler: That's insane! Ross: Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves. Chandler: Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? (pause) We'll take it. Receptionist: Great. Chandler: (aside, to Ross) What!? They are totally ripping us off! Ross: Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six! Chandler: Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there! Ross: C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time! Chandler: Dude, you're shaking! Ross: I think it's the sugar, could you hold the apple? [Scene: Joey's apartment] Rachel: Hi! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking all day about that scene you did, I mean, you were amazing! Joey: Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me! Rachel: God, you have to tell me what happens tomorrow! Joey: Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me? Rachel: Me? Oh, no, I am not an actress. Joey: Oh, all right, I can ask Monica. Rachel: Oh screw her, that part is mine! Joey: Right... (pause) ok, so just from the top of the page, right here. Rachel: Okay. (pause).(acting) Hello Drake, I'm surprised to see you here. Joey/Drake: I can't believe you married him. Rachel/actress: But what choice did I have. He was keeping my sister in a dungeon! Joey/Drake: So what about us? Everything we feel for each other. Rachel/actress: It's over! You have to accept that. Joey/Drake: How can I? Knowing I'll never hold you in my arms again, or touch your skin, or feel your lips, knowing I'll never make love to you? How can I accept that... I can never kiss you again when it's all I can do not to kiss you right now. Rachel: (pause) Kiss me. Joey: What? Rachel: Kiss me. Joey: Ah, Rach, it doesn't say that! Rachel: No, I'm saying... Joey: but, but.. Rachel: just... don't talk... (she kisses him) [Scene: Rachel's bedroom] Rachel: (waking up) Ehhh, aw! (pause). Well, that's new! [Scene: Hotel's room] Ross: (on the phone) Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? (pause) Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? (pause) Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons.  (Chandler enters the room)Ross: What did you get? Chandler: USA Today Ross: Nice, put it with the others. Chandler: And I also got... two more apples. Ross: We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!   Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. Ross: Oh, that's not cool. Chandlers: Dude, none of this is cool. Ross: No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. (pause) Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt (he opens the salt shaker and pours the salt into his hand) I wish I'd thought this through. Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that. Ross: Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)? Ross: No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Chandler: Yes, but the batteries... (Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Joey: I don't know, but one of the extras sure did! (pause) Hey, listen Rach. Thanks again for coming down to watch my scenes!
Joey: Also so gay!
Joey: Well, at the Christmas party him and Santa did some definitely gay stuff!
Joey: Oh, wish me luck!
Joey: Rach, I gotta say...if you weren't here wondering if these guys were gay I don't know if I could do this!
(the scene starts.Joey enters and there's a girl wearing a wedding dress near a bed)Actress/Olivia: Drake! What are you doing in here? Joey/Drake: Stopping you from marrying the wrong man and making the biggest mistake of your life. Actress/Olivia: Get out! Joey/Drake: You don't love him! Actress/Olivia: What do you know about love? Joey/Drake: I know what I felt that night when we kissed under the bridge. Actress/Olivia: That kiss never happened. Joey/Drake: Oh, what about this one. (the actress slaps him)Rachel: (watching a television where the scene is shown, startled) OH! Actress/Olivia: No, I told you...get out! Joey/Drake: Fine. I'll go. But let me ask you one question... Chase Lassiter: (talking to Rachel) You look familiar, have we... Rachel: SSSHHHHTTT!!He's asking her a question!! Joey/Drake: Can you really live the rest of your life never knowing what we could have been? Actress/Olivia: I don't have a choice... Joey/Drake: Yes, you do.Yes...you do. I'm the one who doesn't have a choice because I...because I can't stop loving you. Actress/Olivia: Don't say that... Joey/Drake: Tell me to stop, just...tell me to stop. (he's about to kiss her) Director: CUT! Rachel: NO! (pause) Or, cut!You know, that's your call! [Scene: Monica's restaurant] 1st Customer: Everything was delicious! Monica: Thank you! 2nd Customer: It was. The duck in particular was superb. Monica: Thank you!(she looks at the 3rd customer waiting for a compliment) You haven't said anything... 3rd Customer: Actually I do have one small complaint. Monica: Oh..please!I-I welcome criticism. 3rd Customer: The musician right outside the restaurant...it's kind of a mood-killer! Monica: What musician? [Scene: Outside the restaurant] Phoebe: (playing guitar and singing) And there's a country called Argentinaaaa, it's a place I've never seeeeen. But I'm told for fifty pesos you can buy a human spleen. Humaaan spleeeeen. Olè! Monica: What are you doing here! Phoebe: Well, you said that you had customers lined up in the street, so I am here to entertain! Monica: Great! Phoebe: Yeah! It really has been great too, you know, some of this people must have seen me play before because they were requesting a bunch of my songs! Yeah, "You suck" and "shut up and go home". Monica: Listen Phoebe... Phoebe: Yeah. Monica: You know how much I love listening to your music, you know, but... Phoebe: But what? Monica: This is kind of a classy place. Phoebe: (pause) Ok, say no more. [Time lapse: Phoebe in front of restaurant again] Phoebe: (with a fancy dress, still playing and singing): It wasn't just that she was fat, the woman smelled like garbage! Everyone! It wasn't just that she was fat the woman smelled like garbaaaaaage! (to Monica, showing her dress) Classy, uh? (Monica covers her face with her hands)[Scene: hall of the romantic inn in Vermont] Chandler: Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation. Receptionist: Welcome to the Chestnut Inn Mr. Bing, so where are you joining from? Chandler: New York. Ross: (in a strange voice and eating candies) The big apple! Chandler: I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here. Ross: Yeah, I ate all my gifts for everybody. Receptionist: I am sorry Mr. Bing, there's no record of your reservation in the computer. Chandler: Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please? Ross: (high pitched voice) Check again please! Receptionist: I'm sorry, it's not here. Ross: Not there. Chandler: Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation? Receptionist: I don't know what to say. Ross: (mumbling) She doesn't know what to say! Chandler: Just give us the cheapest room you have. Receptionist: Unfortunatly the only thing we have available is our deluxe suite, the rate is six hundred dollars. Chandler: That's insane! Ross: Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves. Chandler: Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? (pause) We'll take it. Receptionist: Great. Chandler: (aside, to Ross) What!? They are totally ripping us off! Ross: Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six! Chandler: Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there! Ross: C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time! Chandler: Dude, you're shaking! Ross: I think it's the sugar, could you hold the apple? [Scene: Joey's apartment] Rachel: Hi! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking all day about that scene you did, I mean, you were amazing! Joey: Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me! Rachel: God, you have to tell me what happens tomorrow! Joey: Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me? Rachel: Me? Oh, no, I am not an actress. Joey: Oh, all right, I can ask Monica. Rachel: Oh screw her, that part is mine! Joey: Right... (pause) ok, so just from the top of the page, right here. Rachel: Okay. (pause).(acting) Hello Drake, I'm surprised to see you here. Joey/Drake: I can't believe you married him. Rachel/actress: But what choice did I have. He was keeping my sister in a dungeon! Joey/Drake: So what about us? Everything we feel for each other. Rachel/actress: It's over! You have to accept that. Joey/Drake: How can I? Knowing I'll never hold you in my arms again, or touch your skin, or feel your lips, knowing I'll never make love to you? How can I accept that... I can never kiss you again when it's all I can do not to kiss you right now. Rachel: (pause) Kiss me. Joey: What? Rachel: Kiss me. Joey: Ah, Rach, it doesn't say that! Rachel: No, I'm saying... Joey: but, but.. Rachel: just... don't talk... (she kisses him) [Scene: Rachel's bedroom] Rachel: (waking up) Ehhh, aw! (pause). Well, that's new! [Scene: Hotel's room] Ross: (on the phone) Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? (pause) Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? (pause) Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons.  (Chandler enters the room)Ross: What did you get? Chandler: USA Today Ross: Nice, put it with the others. Chandler: And I also got... two more apples. Ross: We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!   Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. Ross: Oh, that's not cool. Chandlers: Dude, none of this is cool. Ross: No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. (pause) Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt (he opens the salt shaker and pours the salt into his hand) I wish I'd thought this through. Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that. Ross: Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)? Ross: No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Chandler: Yes, but the batteries... (Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(the actress slaps him)Rachel: (watching a television where the scene is shown, startled) OH! Actress/Olivia: No, I told you...get out! Joey/Drake: Fine. I'll go. But let me ask you one question... Chase Lassiter: (talking to Rachel) You look familiar, have we... Rachel: SSSHHHHTTT!!He's asking her a question!! Joey/Drake: Can you really live the rest of your life never knowing what we could have been? Actress/Olivia: I don't have a choice... Joey/Drake: Yes, you do.Yes...you do. I'm the one who doesn't have a choice because I...because I can't stop loving you. Actress/Olivia: Don't say that... Joey/Drake: Tell me to stop, just...tell me to stop. (he's about to kiss her) Director: CUT! Rachel: NO! (pause) Or, cut!You know, that's your call! [Scene: Monica's restaurant] 1st Customer: Everything was delicious! Monica: Thank you! 2nd Customer: It was. The duck in particular was superb. Monica: Thank you!(she looks at the 3rd customer waiting for a compliment) You haven't said anything... 3rd Customer: Actually I do have one small complaint. Monica: Oh..please!I-I welcome criticism. 3rd Customer: The musician right outside the restaurant...it's kind of a mood-killer! Monica: What musician? [Scene: Outside the restaurant] Phoebe: (playing guitar and singing) And there's a country called Argentinaaaa, it's a place I've never seeeeen. But I'm told for fifty pesos you can buy a human spleen. Humaaan spleeeeen. Olè! Monica: What are you doing here! Phoebe: Well, you said that you had customers lined up in the street, so I am here to entertain! Monica: Great! Phoebe: Yeah! It really has been great too, you know, some of this people must have seen me play before because they were requesting a bunch of my songs! Yeah, "You suck" and "shut up and go home". Monica: Listen Phoebe... Phoebe: Yeah. Monica: You know how much I love listening to your music, you know, but... Phoebe: But what? Monica: This is kind of a classy place. Phoebe: (pause) Ok, say no more. [Time lapse: Phoebe in front of restaurant again] Phoebe: (with a fancy dress, still playing and singing): It wasn't just that she was fat, the woman smelled like garbage! Everyone! It wasn't just that she was fat the woman smelled like garbaaaaaage! (to Monica, showing her dress) Classy, uh? (Monica covers her face with her hands)[Scene: hall of the romantic inn in Vermont] Chandler: Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation. Receptionist: Welcome to the Chestnut Inn Mr. Bing, so where are you joining from? Chandler: New York. Ross: (in a strange voice and eating candies) The big apple! Chandler: I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here. Ross: Yeah, I ate all my gifts for everybody. Receptionist: I am sorry Mr. Bing, there's no record of your reservation in the computer. Chandler: Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please? Ross: (high pitched voice) Check again please! Receptionist: I'm sorry, it's not here. Ross: Not there. Chandler: Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation? Receptionist: I don't know what to say. Ross: (mumbling) She doesn't know what to say! Chandler: Just give us the cheapest room you have. Receptionist: Unfortunatly the only thing we have available is our deluxe suite, the rate is six hundred dollars. Chandler: That's insane! Ross: Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves. Chandler: Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? (pause) We'll take it. Receptionist: Great. Chandler: (aside, to Ross) What!? They are totally ripping us off! Ross: Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six! Chandler: Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there! Ross: C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time! Chandler: Dude, you're shaking! Ross: I think it's the sugar, could you hold the apple? [Scene: Joey's apartment] Rachel: Hi! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking all day about that scene you did, I mean, you were amazing! Joey: Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me! Rachel: God, you have to tell me what happens tomorrow! Joey: Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me? Rachel: Me? Oh, no, I am not an actress. Joey: Oh, all right, I can ask Monica. Rachel: Oh screw her, that part is mine! Joey: Right... (pause) ok, so just from the top of the page, right here. Rachel: Okay. (pause).(acting) Hello Drake, I'm surprised to see you here. Joey/Drake: I can't believe you married him. Rachel/actress: But what choice did I have. He was keeping my sister in a dungeon! Joey/Drake: So what about us? Everything we feel for each other. Rachel/actress: It's over! You have to accept that. Joey/Drake: How can I? Knowing I'll never hold you in my arms again, or touch your skin, or feel your lips, knowing I'll never make love to you? How can I accept that... I can never kiss you again when it's all I can do not to kiss you right now. Rachel: (pause) Kiss me. Joey: What? Rachel: Kiss me. Joey: Ah, Rach, it doesn't say that! Rachel: No, I'm saying... Joey: but, but.. Rachel: just... don't talk... (she kisses him) [Scene: Rachel's bedroom] Rachel: (waking up) Ehhh, aw! (pause). Well, that's new! [Scene: Hotel's room] Ross: (on the phone) Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? (pause) Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? (pause) Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons.  (Chandler enters the room)Ross: What did you get? Chandler: USA Today Ross: Nice, put it with the others. Chandler: And I also got... two more apples. Ross: We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!   Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. Ross: Oh, that's not cool. Chandlers: Dude, none of this is cool. Ross: No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. (pause) Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt (he opens the salt shaker and pours the salt into his hand) I wish I'd thought this through. Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that. Ross: Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)? Ross: No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Chandler: Yes, but the batteries... (Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(Monica covers her face with her hands)[Scene: hall of the romantic inn in Vermont] Chandler: Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation. Receptionist: Welcome to the Chestnut Inn Mr. Bing, so where are you joining from? Chandler: New York. Ross: (in a strange voice and eating candies) The big apple! Chandler: I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here. Ross: Yeah, I ate all my gifts for everybody. Receptionist: I am sorry Mr. Bing, there's no record of your reservation in the computer. Chandler: Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please? Ross: (high pitched voice) Check again please! Receptionist: I'm sorry, it's not here. Ross: Not there. Chandler: Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation? Receptionist: I don't know what to say. Ross: (mumbling) She doesn't know what to say! Chandler: Just give us the cheapest room you have. Receptionist: Unfortunatly the only thing we have available is our deluxe suite, the rate is six hundred dollars. Chandler: That's insane! Ross: Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves. Chandler: Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? (pause) We'll take it. Receptionist: Great. Chandler: (aside, to Ross) What!? They are totally ripping us off! Ross: Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six! Chandler: Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there! Ross: C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time! Chandler: Dude, you're shaking! Ross: I think it's the sugar, could you hold the apple? [Scene: Joey's apartment] Rachel: Hi! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking all day about that scene you did, I mean, you were amazing! Joey: Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me! Rachel: God, you have to tell me what happens tomorrow! Joey: Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me? Rachel: Me? Oh, no, I am not an actress. Joey: Oh, all right, I can ask Monica. Rachel: Oh screw her, that part is mine! Joey: Right... (pause) ok, so just from the top of the page, right here. Rachel: Okay. (pause).(acting) Hello Drake, I'm surprised to see you here. Joey/Drake: I can't believe you married him. Rachel/actress: But what choice did I have. He was keeping my sister in a dungeon! Joey/Drake: So what about us? Everything we feel for each other. Rachel/actress: It's over! You have to accept that. Joey/Drake: How can I? Knowing I'll never hold you in my arms again, or touch your skin, or feel your lips, knowing I'll never make love to you? How can I accept that... I can never kiss you again when it's all I can do not to kiss you right now. Rachel: (pause) Kiss me. Joey: What? Rachel: Kiss me. Joey: Ah, Rach, it doesn't say that! Rachel: No, I'm saying... Joey: but, but.. Rachel: just... don't talk... (she kisses him) [Scene: Rachel's bedroom] Rachel: (waking up) Ehhh, aw! (pause). Well, that's new! [Scene: Hotel's room] Ross: (on the phone) Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? (pause) Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? (pause) Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons.  (Chandler enters the room)Ross: What did you get? Chandler: USA Today Ross: Nice, put it with the others. Chandler: And I also got... two more apples. Ross: We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!   Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. Ross: Oh, that's not cool. Chandlers: Dude, none of this is cool. Ross: No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. (pause) Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt (he opens the salt shaker and pours the salt into his hand) I wish I'd thought this through. Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that. Ross: Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)? Ross: No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Chandler: Yes, but the batteries... (Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me!
Joey: Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me?
Joey: Oh, all right, I can ask Monica.
Joey: Right... (pause) ok, so just from the top of the page, right here.
Joey: What?
Joey: Ah, Rach, it doesn't say that!
Joey: but, but..
(Chandler enters the room)Ross: What did you get? Chandler: USA Today Ross: Nice, put it with the others. Chandler: And I also got... two more apples. Ross: We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!   Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. Ross: Oh, that's not cool. Chandlers: Dude, none of this is cool. Ross: No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. (pause) Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt (he opens the salt shaker and pours the salt into his hand) I wish I'd thought this through. Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that. Ross: Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)? Ross: No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Chandler: Yes, but the batteries... (Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Joey: Hey!
Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all!
Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right? 
Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very! 
Joey: What?
Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well...
Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow...
Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia.
Joey: So...I've never played that!
Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you...
Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about??
Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me.
Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you.
(Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room)
Joey: (enters the room) Hey, you guys, what are you doing tomorrow night?
Joey: Look, my agent hooked me up with six tickets to a great play.
Joey: It's a one-woman play called "Why don't you like me: a bitter woman's journey through life".
Joey: You guys are gonna have a great time, I promise!
Joey: I wish I could but I just found out that I have to be at work really early the next day, so I can't go, but, you know, take the extra ticket and invite whoever you want.
Joey: (lifts Rachel up and moves her behind him so she can walk on) Hey, here you go.
(Monica points at Joey, Rachel turns and sees him)Rachel: (giggling and whispering) Maybe. Monica: (whispering) You can't! Rachel: (whispering) Why? (Monica gesticulates mumbling something that starts with "because") Seriously I did not understand a word that you said. Monica: In the hall. [Scene: In the hall] Monica: You wanna fool around with Joey? Rachel: Yeah! You know, ever since I had that dream about him, and can't get it out of my head! And what's the big deal, people do it all the time! Monica: Who? Who do you know that are friends that just fool around? Rachel: Ok, off the top of my head... Don and Janet. Monica: Who, who are they? Rachel: I know them from work. Monica: Both of them? Rachel: No, one of them... Monica: Which one? Rachel: I don't know, what were the names I just said? Monica: Rachel, things can get incredibly complicated. Rachel: All right, all right, you're right, I won't do anything with Joey, I just thought that we (Joey enters the hall) Ok so that would be two cups of tarragon, one pound of baking soda and one red onion? (Joey enters his apartment) Monica: What the hell are you cooking! Opening credits[Scene: Central Perk, Ross enters] Ross: Hey! Monica: Hey! Chandler: Hey! Ross: Hey, you guys won't believe what I have to do for work today. Chandler: Yes, but, Ross you chose a career of talking about dinosaurs. Ross: (covering with his hand Chandler's face, like pretending he's not there) (to Monica) There're these two professors who are joining my department and I have to meet them here and show them around campus. Monica: What's so bad about that? Ross: It's I just know they're gonna be a couple of windbags wearing tweed jackets with suede elbow patches. Monica: (fingering her elbow): Ross? Ross: (looking his elbow, where there's a patch) These aren't suede. (a woman walks in)Charlie: (to Gunther) Excuse me, I'm looking for someone. You don't, by any chance, know a Ross Geller? Gunther: No. Ross: Hi, hi, I'm Ross Geller. Charlie: Oh, hi. I'm professor Wealer. Ross: Oh, oh, that's, that's, that's nice. Charlie: It's a... It's good to meet you! Thank you so much for taking the time out to show me around. Ross: Oh, no, it's no big deal, I mean, if I weren't doing this I'd just, you know, be at the gym working out. Monica: (to Chandler) Is he gonna introduce us? Chandler: (to Monica) No, I think we're just blurry shapes to him now. Charlie: And, by the way, I really enjoyed your paper on the connection between geographic isolation and rapid mutagenesis. Ross: Oh, ha, I wrote that in one minute. Monica: (to chandler) Twenty bucks says they're married within the month. Ross: (hitting Monica with his suitcase) (to Charlie) We should probably get going, you know, we got a lot of ground to cover. Charlie: Oh, ah, isn't there another professor that is supposed to come with us? Ross: I don't think so. Charlie: I'm pretty sure, professor Spafford from Cornell? Ross: Oh, well he's obviously late and the rule in my class is "if you can't come on time, then don't come at all". (pause) An option that many of my students use. (pause) Shall we? Charlie: You don't think we should wait for him? Ross: You know what, he's a big boy, I'm sure he'll find us, ok? Professor Spafford: Professor Geller? Ross: Oh, damn it! [Scene: Joey's apartment] (Rachel enters the room and checks the answering machine)Jane: (from the answering machine) Hi Joey it's Jane Rogers, can't wait for your party tonight. Listen, I forgot your address, can you give me a call? Thanks, bye. Joey: (entering the room) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Joey: What's happenin'? Rachel: Yeah, it's a real shame you can't make it to that one-woman show tonight. Joey: Oh, I'd love to, but I gotta get up so early the next day and so, you know me, work comes first Rachel: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah... (she plays the answering machine) Message: "Hi Joey, it's Jane Rogers can't wait for your party tonight" (Joey's upset and stops it) Joey: (yelling) Stupid Jane Rogers!! Rachel: (angry) You are having a party tonight?? Joey: Kinda have a... a thing for the Days Of Our Life's people. Rachel: And you weren't going to tell us? How did you think you were gonna get away with that? Joey: I do it every year. Rachel: You do that every year?? Joey: I didn't have to tell you that!! I'm stupider than Jane Rogers!! Rachel: Oh, that's why you got these tickets to that play, to get rid of us?? Joey: Yeah... Rachel: And last year is that why you sent us to that medieval times restaurant? Joey: Yeah... Rachel: OH! And the year before that, when you set up that nighttime tour of that button factory? Joey: (Smiling) I can't believe you guys went for that one! Rachel: Joey, why wouldn't you invite us to your parties? Joey: You're fine, ok? But everyone else acts like an idiot around famous people! Rachel: Well, then so you just invite me...! Joey: (speaking aloud) Please, I was trying to be nice, you're the worst one! Rachel: Oh, Joey, come on! Please, please! Let me come, I will behave, I promise! I will behave! Please, please, please... Joey: Ok, ok! Fine! You can come, but don't tell anybody else. It's up on the roof at 8. Rachel: (yelling and jumping like a child) OH, a soap opera roof party!! I'm going to a soap opera roof party!! Oh my God, oh my God!! (realizing how she's behaving) And it's out of my system! [Scene: Ross, Charlie and Professor Spafford are sitting at the table in a restaurant] Professor Spafford: (speaking very slowly) And then my wife and I went on a cruise to the Galapagos. There was a sea food buffet you wouldn't believe. There were clams, and mussels, and oysters, and cracked crab, and snow crab, and king crab. It's a pity I'm allergic to shellfish. Ross: (very bored, he tries to avoid the conversation speaking to Charlie) So, where did you get your undergraduate degree? Professor Spafford: And that's not all I'm allergic to. Ross: (to Charlie) Oh, it's not over! Professor Spafford: I'm also allergic to peanuts, and cashews, and almonds, and filberts... Ross: So basically all nuts? Professor Spafford: Interestingly... no. Charlie: Kinda playing fast and loose with the word "interesting". Professor Spafford: If you'll excuse me I'm going to use the restroom. (he goes away) Charlie: Oh my God!! Ross: I've lost the will to live. Charlie: Let's ditch him! Ross: What? Charlie: Come on, he's still in the bathroom! I'm begging you! Ross: Oh... ok, fine. But... ehm... I just have one question for you, ehm... (aping Professor Spafford) When we exit should we walk, or run, or prance, or stroll... Charlie: Stop it, stop it! He talks slow but he might pee fast! Ok, let's go!! (they run outside) [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] Ross: (entering with Charlie) Oh, hey you guys! This is Charlie! Charlie, this is Phoebe and my sister, Monica. Phoebe: Hi! Ross: Yeah, Charlie is gonna be joining my department. Phoebe: Oh, you're a paleonthologist, too! (pause) Oh, ok, now, what do you think of Ranion's new theory of species' variegation in segmented arthopods? Charlie: Well, I think he's a little out there, but he does have some interesting ideas... Phoebe: Ah, ah. Charlie: (her mobile phone rings) Oh, I'm sorry. I'll take this. Excuse me. (she cuts herself off for a moment) Ross: (to Phoebe) Ranion's theory of species variegation? Phoebe: Yeah, I saw the article on your coffee table and I memorized the title to freak you out! Monica: (to Ross) So, did you two have fun? Ross: Oh my God, she's great! I mean, we-we have so much in common and she's just cool, and funny... Monica: And I don't know if you've noticed but she's a (aloud) HOTTY!! (Charlie looks at her) HI! Rachel: (she enters wearing a bath-robe) Hey... Hi you guys! Listen, you know what? I'm not feeling really well. I think I can't get out for the play. Ross: Really? Wh-what's wrong? Rachel: I don't know! I think it's kind of serious! Oh, you know... I was watching this thing on TV this morning about... Newcastle disease... and I think I might have it!! Charlie: Oh, Newcastle disease is a secretion borne virus that only affects chickens and... other poultry. Rachel: ... Ok, who is this? Ross: I'm sorry, Rachel, this is Charlie Wealer, she's a collegue. Rachel: Oh, hi! I would check your hand but... I'm sure you don't want to get my chicken disease! Monica: Hey, Rachel, Can-can I see you for a sec? Rachel: Sure! (Monica takes her apart) Oh... Monica: You're not sick! Rachel: What? Yes, I am! Monica: Ok, then, why are you... (she opens her robe revealing a nice black dress) all dressed up?? Rachel: When you're sick, you do whatever you can to make yourself feel better! (she closes her robe) Monica: You just wanna stay home so you can make a move on Joey! Rachel: Oh, no, no! I heard you before, that is so not what this is! Monica: Ok, what is this? Rachel: Ok! (whispering) Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof and he sent you guys to the play to get rid of you! Monica: (aloud) WHAT? Ross: (looking at them) Wh-what's going on? Monica: Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof! Rachel: And he didn't want you guys to know about it but I came over here to tell you!! Charlie: I thought you came to say you were sick. Rachel: Ok professor or detective? Phoebe: Joey's having a party and he wasn't gonna invite us? Rachel: Yeah, and he does it every year! That's why he's sending you to that play! That's why he sent us to that medieval restaurant and to that button factory! Phoebe: And that horrible museum tour! Ross: No, I arranged that... (Joey enters, wearing a bathrobe)Joey: (sounds tired) Hey you guys, I'm turning in. Have fun. Phoebe: We know about your party Joey. Joey: What party? Monica: The game's over! Take off your robe! Joey: (looks perplexed and opens up his robe) Ok... I mean... Everyone: No!! Cover it up!! Joey: (to Charlie after covering himself up again) Nice to meet ya! (Charlie waves hesitantly and Joey leaves) [Scene: The Roof] Joey: (To some people) Hey! Hey alright! Hey, glad you could make it (Shakes a man's hand) Thanks for coming. Monica: Oh my God! Kyle Lowder! Kyle Lowder: (to Monica) Hi. (walks on) Monica: (Yells after him) I love you! Joey: Hey, that's why I didn't invite you. you have to calm down, alright... go, go get yourself a drink or something... Monica: Oh yeah that's what you want - my inhibitions lowered. Phoebe: Hey! Monica: (Excited) Oh my God, can you believe we are surrounded by all this? I can barely control myself. Phoebe: Monica, you might want to remember that you are married. Where is Chandler anyway? (Looks around) Monica: (Shocked) Oh my God! Chandler! [Scene: The theater. Chandler is sitting in the otherwise empty front row, looking around nervously] Chandler: Where the hell is everybody? (The lights dim and Chandler tries to get away but as the bitter lady comes on stage and starts yelling he promptly changes his mind and sits down)Bitter lady: (yelling) Why don't you like me?! Chapter One: My first period. [Scene: The Roof, Rachel is talking to a guy who hands her a tissue with something written on it] Monica: (to Rachel) Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love". Rachel: Ok actually Mon, Matthew was just giving me his phone number. Monica: Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married! Matthew Ashford: It was nice to meet you Rachel. Rachel: Nice to meet you. Matthew Ashford: Call me. Rachel: Ok (Matthew leaves)Monica: (yelling after him) We will!! Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys! Rachel: Yeah! Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey? Rachel: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler! Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather) (cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(a woman walks in)Charlie: (to Gunther) Excuse me, I'm looking for someone. You don't, by any chance, know a Ross Geller? Gunther: No. Ross: Hi, hi, I'm Ross Geller. Charlie: Oh, hi. I'm professor Wealer. Ross: Oh, oh, that's, that's, that's nice. Charlie: It's a... It's good to meet you! Thank you so much for taking the time out to show me around. Ross: Oh, no, it's no big deal, I mean, if I weren't doing this I'd just, you know, be at the gym working out. Monica: (to Chandler) Is he gonna introduce us? Chandler: (to Monica) No, I think we're just blurry shapes to him now. Charlie: And, by the way, I really enjoyed your paper on the connection between geographic isolation and rapid mutagenesis. Ross: Oh, ha, I wrote that in one minute. Monica: (to chandler) Twenty bucks says they're married within the month. Ross: (hitting Monica with his suitcase) (to Charlie) We should probably get going, you know, we got a lot of ground to cover. Charlie: Oh, ah, isn't there another professor that is supposed to come with us? Ross: I don't think so. Charlie: I'm pretty sure, professor Spafford from Cornell? Ross: Oh, well he's obviously late and the rule in my class is "if you can't come on time, then don't come at all". (pause) An option that many of my students use. (pause) Shall we? Charlie: You don't think we should wait for him? Ross: You know what, he's a big boy, I'm sure he'll find us, ok? Professor Spafford: Professor Geller? Ross: Oh, damn it! [Scene: Joey's apartment] (Rachel enters the room and checks the answering machine)Jane: (from the answering machine) Hi Joey it's Jane Rogers, can't wait for your party tonight. Listen, I forgot your address, can you give me a call? Thanks, bye. Joey: (entering the room) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Joey: What's happenin'? Rachel: Yeah, it's a real shame you can't make it to that one-woman show tonight. Joey: Oh, I'd love to, but I gotta get up so early the next day and so, you know me, work comes first Rachel: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah... (she plays the answering machine) Message: "Hi Joey, it's Jane Rogers can't wait for your party tonight" (Joey's upset and stops it) Joey: (yelling) Stupid Jane Rogers!! Rachel: (angry) You are having a party tonight?? Joey: Kinda have a... a thing for the Days Of Our Life's people. Rachel: And you weren't going to tell us? How did you think you were gonna get away with that? Joey: I do it every year. Rachel: You do that every year?? Joey: I didn't have to tell you that!! I'm stupider than Jane Rogers!! Rachel: Oh, that's why you got these tickets to that play, to get rid of us?? Joey: Yeah... Rachel: And last year is that why you sent us to that medieval times restaurant? Joey: Yeah... Rachel: OH! And the year before that, when you set up that nighttime tour of that button factory? Joey: (Smiling) I can't believe you guys went for that one! Rachel: Joey, why wouldn't you invite us to your parties? Joey: You're fine, ok? But everyone else acts like an idiot around famous people! Rachel: Well, then so you just invite me...! Joey: (speaking aloud) Please, I was trying to be nice, you're the worst one! Rachel: Oh, Joey, come on! Please, please! Let me come, I will behave, I promise! I will behave! Please, please, please... Joey: Ok, ok! Fine! You can come, but don't tell anybody else. It's up on the roof at 8. Rachel: (yelling and jumping like a child) OH, a soap opera roof party!! I'm going to a soap opera roof party!! Oh my God, oh my God!! (realizing how she's behaving) And it's out of my system! [Scene: Ross, Charlie and Professor Spafford are sitting at the table in a restaurant] Professor Spafford: (speaking very slowly) And then my wife and I went on a cruise to the Galapagos. There was a sea food buffet you wouldn't believe. There were clams, and mussels, and oysters, and cracked crab, and snow crab, and king crab. It's a pity I'm allergic to shellfish. Ross: (very bored, he tries to avoid the conversation speaking to Charlie) So, where did you get your undergraduate degree? Professor Spafford: And that's not all I'm allergic to. Ross: (to Charlie) Oh, it's not over! Professor Spafford: I'm also allergic to peanuts, and cashews, and almonds, and filberts... Ross: So basically all nuts? Professor Spafford: Interestingly... no. Charlie: Kinda playing fast and loose with the word "interesting". Professor Spafford: If you'll excuse me I'm going to use the restroom. (he goes away) Charlie: Oh my God!! Ross: I've lost the will to live. Charlie: Let's ditch him! Ross: What? Charlie: Come on, he's still in the bathroom! I'm begging you! Ross: Oh... ok, fine. But... ehm... I just have one question for you, ehm... (aping Professor Spafford) When we exit should we walk, or run, or prance, or stroll... Charlie: Stop it, stop it! He talks slow but he might pee fast! Ok, let's go!! (they run outside) [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] Ross: (entering with Charlie) Oh, hey you guys! This is Charlie! Charlie, this is Phoebe and my sister, Monica. Phoebe: Hi! Ross: Yeah, Charlie is gonna be joining my department. Phoebe: Oh, you're a paleonthologist, too! (pause) Oh, ok, now, what do you think of Ranion's new theory of species' variegation in segmented arthopods? Charlie: Well, I think he's a little out there, but he does have some interesting ideas... Phoebe: Ah, ah. Charlie: (her mobile phone rings) Oh, I'm sorry. I'll take this. Excuse me. (she cuts herself off for a moment) Ross: (to Phoebe) Ranion's theory of species variegation? Phoebe: Yeah, I saw the article on your coffee table and I memorized the title to freak you out! Monica: (to Ross) So, did you two have fun? Ross: Oh my God, she's great! I mean, we-we have so much in common and she's just cool, and funny... Monica: And I don't know if you've noticed but she's a (aloud) HOTTY!! (Charlie looks at her) HI! Rachel: (she enters wearing a bath-robe) Hey... Hi you guys! Listen, you know what? I'm not feeling really well. I think I can't get out for the play. Ross: Really? Wh-what's wrong? Rachel: I don't know! I think it's kind of serious! Oh, you know... I was watching this thing on TV this morning about... Newcastle disease... and I think I might have it!! Charlie: Oh, Newcastle disease is a secretion borne virus that only affects chickens and... other poultry. Rachel: ... Ok, who is this? Ross: I'm sorry, Rachel, this is Charlie Wealer, she's a collegue. Rachel: Oh, hi! I would check your hand but... I'm sure you don't want to get my chicken disease! Monica: Hey, Rachel, Can-can I see you for a sec? Rachel: Sure! (Monica takes her apart) Oh... Monica: You're not sick! Rachel: What? Yes, I am! Monica: Ok, then, why are you... (she opens her robe revealing a nice black dress) all dressed up?? Rachel: When you're sick, you do whatever you can to make yourself feel better! (she closes her robe) Monica: You just wanna stay home so you can make a move on Joey! Rachel: Oh, no, no! I heard you before, that is so not what this is! Monica: Ok, what is this? Rachel: Ok! (whispering) Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof and he sent you guys to the play to get rid of you! Monica: (aloud) WHAT? Ross: (looking at them) Wh-what's going on? Monica: Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof! Rachel: And he didn't want you guys to know about it but I came over here to tell you!! Charlie: I thought you came to say you were sick. Rachel: Ok professor or detective? Phoebe: Joey's having a party and he wasn't gonna invite us? Rachel: Yeah, and he does it every year! That's why he's sending you to that play! That's why he sent us to that medieval restaurant and to that button factory! Phoebe: And that horrible museum tour! Ross: No, I arranged that... (Joey enters, wearing a bathrobe)Joey: (sounds tired) Hey you guys, I'm turning in. Have fun. Phoebe: We know about your party Joey. Joey: What party? Monica: The game's over! Take off your robe! Joey: (looks perplexed and opens up his robe) Ok... I mean... Everyone: No!! Cover it up!! Joey: (to Charlie after covering himself up again) Nice to meet ya! (Charlie waves hesitantly and Joey leaves) [Scene: The Roof] Joey: (To some people) Hey! Hey alright! Hey, glad you could make it (Shakes a man's hand) Thanks for coming. Monica: Oh my God! Kyle Lowder! Kyle Lowder: (to Monica) Hi. (walks on) Monica: (Yells after him) I love you! Joey: Hey, that's why I didn't invite you. you have to calm down, alright... go, go get yourself a drink or something... Monica: Oh yeah that's what you want - my inhibitions lowered. Phoebe: Hey! Monica: (Excited) Oh my God, can you believe we are surrounded by all this? I can barely control myself. Phoebe: Monica, you might want to remember that you are married. Where is Chandler anyway? (Looks around) Monica: (Shocked) Oh my God! Chandler! [Scene: The theater. Chandler is sitting in the otherwise empty front row, looking around nervously] Chandler: Where the hell is everybody? (The lights dim and Chandler tries to get away but as the bitter lady comes on stage and starts yelling he promptly changes his mind and sits down)Bitter lady: (yelling) Why don't you like me?! Chapter One: My first period. [Scene: The Roof, Rachel is talking to a guy who hands her a tissue with something written on it] Monica: (to Rachel) Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love". Rachel: Ok actually Mon, Matthew was just giving me his phone number. Monica: Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married! Matthew Ashford: It was nice to meet you Rachel. Rachel: Nice to meet you. Matthew Ashford: Call me. Rachel: Ok (Matthew leaves)Monica: (yelling after him) We will!! Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys! Rachel: Yeah! Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey? Rachel: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler! Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather) (cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Rachel enters the room and checks the answering machine)Jane: (from the answering machine) Hi Joey it's Jane Rogers, can't wait for your party tonight. Listen, I forgot your address, can you give me a call? Thanks, bye. Joey: (entering the room) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Joey: What's happenin'? Rachel: Yeah, it's a real shame you can't make it to that one-woman show tonight. Joey: Oh, I'd love to, but I gotta get up so early the next day and so, you know me, work comes first Rachel: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah... (she plays the answering machine) Message: "Hi Joey, it's Jane Rogers can't wait for your party tonight" (Joey's upset and stops it) Joey: (yelling) Stupid Jane Rogers!! Rachel: (angry) You are having a party tonight?? Joey: Kinda have a... a thing for the Days Of Our Life's people. Rachel: And you weren't going to tell us? How did you think you were gonna get away with that? Joey: I do it every year. Rachel: You do that every year?? Joey: I didn't have to tell you that!! I'm stupider than Jane Rogers!! Rachel: Oh, that's why you got these tickets to that play, to get rid of us?? Joey: Yeah... Rachel: And last year is that why you sent us to that medieval times restaurant? Joey: Yeah... Rachel: OH! And the year before that, when you set up that nighttime tour of that button factory? Joey: (Smiling) I can't believe you guys went for that one! Rachel: Joey, why wouldn't you invite us to your parties? Joey: You're fine, ok? But everyone else acts like an idiot around famous people! Rachel: Well, then so you just invite me...! Joey: (speaking aloud) Please, I was trying to be nice, you're the worst one! Rachel: Oh, Joey, come on! Please, please! Let me come, I will behave, I promise! I will behave! Please, please, please... Joey: Ok, ok! Fine! You can come, but don't tell anybody else. It's up on the roof at 8. Rachel: (yelling and jumping like a child) OH, a soap opera roof party!! I'm going to a soap opera roof party!! Oh my God, oh my God!! (realizing how she's behaving) And it's out of my system! [Scene: Ross, Charlie and Professor Spafford are sitting at the table in a restaurant] Professor Spafford: (speaking very slowly) And then my wife and I went on a cruise to the Galapagos. There was a sea food buffet you wouldn't believe. There were clams, and mussels, and oysters, and cracked crab, and snow crab, and king crab. It's a pity I'm allergic to shellfish. Ross: (very bored, he tries to avoid the conversation speaking to Charlie) So, where did you get your undergraduate degree? Professor Spafford: And that's not all I'm allergic to. Ross: (to Charlie) Oh, it's not over! Professor Spafford: I'm also allergic to peanuts, and cashews, and almonds, and filberts... Ross: So basically all nuts? Professor Spafford: Interestingly... no. Charlie: Kinda playing fast and loose with the word "interesting". Professor Spafford: If you'll excuse me I'm going to use the restroom. (he goes away) Charlie: Oh my God!! Ross: I've lost the will to live. Charlie: Let's ditch him! Ross: What? Charlie: Come on, he's still in the bathroom! I'm begging you! Ross: Oh... ok, fine. But... ehm... I just have one question for you, ehm... (aping Professor Spafford) When we exit should we walk, or run, or prance, or stroll... Charlie: Stop it, stop it! He talks slow but he might pee fast! Ok, let's go!! (they run outside) [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] Ross: (entering with Charlie) Oh, hey you guys! This is Charlie! Charlie, this is Phoebe and my sister, Monica. Phoebe: Hi! Ross: Yeah, Charlie is gonna be joining my department. Phoebe: Oh, you're a paleonthologist, too! (pause) Oh, ok, now, what do you think of Ranion's new theory of species' variegation in segmented arthopods? Charlie: Well, I think he's a little out there, but he does have some interesting ideas... Phoebe: Ah, ah. Charlie: (her mobile phone rings) Oh, I'm sorry. I'll take this. Excuse me. (she cuts herself off for a moment) Ross: (to Phoebe) Ranion's theory of species variegation? Phoebe: Yeah, I saw the article on your coffee table and I memorized the title to freak you out! Monica: (to Ross) So, did you two have fun? Ross: Oh my God, she's great! I mean, we-we have so much in common and she's just cool, and funny... Monica: And I don't know if you've noticed but she's a (aloud) HOTTY!! (Charlie looks at her) HI! Rachel: (she enters wearing a bath-robe) Hey... Hi you guys! Listen, you know what? I'm not feeling really well. I think I can't get out for the play. Ross: Really? Wh-what's wrong? Rachel: I don't know! I think it's kind of serious! Oh, you know... I was watching this thing on TV this morning about... Newcastle disease... and I think I might have it!! Charlie: Oh, Newcastle disease is a secretion borne virus that only affects chickens and... other poultry. Rachel: ... Ok, who is this? Ross: I'm sorry, Rachel, this is Charlie Wealer, she's a collegue. Rachel: Oh, hi! I would check your hand but... I'm sure you don't want to get my chicken disease! Monica: Hey, Rachel, Can-can I see you for a sec? Rachel: Sure! (Monica takes her apart) Oh... Monica: You're not sick! Rachel: What? Yes, I am! Monica: Ok, then, why are you... (she opens her robe revealing a nice black dress) all dressed up?? Rachel: When you're sick, you do whatever you can to make yourself feel better! (she closes her robe) Monica: You just wanna stay home so you can make a move on Joey! Rachel: Oh, no, no! I heard you before, that is so not what this is! Monica: Ok, what is this? Rachel: Ok! (whispering) Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof and he sent you guys to the play to get rid of you! Monica: (aloud) WHAT? Ross: (looking at them) Wh-what's going on? Monica: Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof! Rachel: And he didn't want you guys to know about it but I came over here to tell you!! Charlie: I thought you came to say you were sick. Rachel: Ok professor or detective? Phoebe: Joey's having a party and he wasn't gonna invite us? Rachel: Yeah, and he does it every year! That's why he's sending you to that play! That's why he sent us to that medieval restaurant and to that button factory! Phoebe: And that horrible museum tour! Ross: No, I arranged that... (Joey enters, wearing a bathrobe)Joey: (sounds tired) Hey you guys, I'm turning in. Have fun. Phoebe: We know about your party Joey. Joey: What party? Monica: The game's over! Take off your robe! Joey: (looks perplexed and opens up his robe) Ok... I mean... Everyone: No!! Cover it up!! Joey: (to Charlie after covering himself up again) Nice to meet ya! (Charlie waves hesitantly and Joey leaves) [Scene: The Roof] Joey: (To some people) Hey! Hey alright! Hey, glad you could make it (Shakes a man's hand) Thanks for coming. Monica: Oh my God! Kyle Lowder! Kyle Lowder: (to Monica) Hi. (walks on) Monica: (Yells after him) I love you! Joey: Hey, that's why I didn't invite you. you have to calm down, alright... go, go get yourself a drink or something... Monica: Oh yeah that's what you want - my inhibitions lowered. Phoebe: Hey! Monica: (Excited) Oh my God, can you believe we are surrounded by all this? I can barely control myself. Phoebe: Monica, you might want to remember that you are married. Where is Chandler anyway? (Looks around) Monica: (Shocked) Oh my God! Chandler! [Scene: The theater. Chandler is sitting in the otherwise empty front row, looking around nervously] Chandler: Where the hell is everybody? (The lights dim and Chandler tries to get away but as the bitter lady comes on stage and starts yelling he promptly changes his mind and sits down)Bitter lady: (yelling) Why don't you like me?! Chapter One: My first period. [Scene: The Roof, Rachel is talking to a guy who hands her a tissue with something written on it] Monica: (to Rachel) Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love". Rachel: Ok actually Mon, Matthew was just giving me his phone number. Monica: Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married! Matthew Ashford: It was nice to meet you Rachel. Rachel: Nice to meet you. Matthew Ashford: Call me. Rachel: Ok (Matthew leaves)Monica: (yelling after him) We will!! Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys! Rachel: Yeah! Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey? Rachel: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler! Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather) (cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Joey: (entering the room) Hey!
Joey: What's happenin'?
Joey: Oh, I'd love to, but I gotta get up so early the next day and so, you know me, work comes first
Joey: (yelling) Stupid Jane Rogers!!
Joey: Kinda have a... a thing for the Days Of Our Life's people.
Joey: I do it every year.
Joey: I didn't have to tell you that!! I'm stupider than Jane Rogers!!
Joey: Yeah...
Joey: Yeah...
Joey: (Smiling) I can't believe you guys went for that one!
Joey: You're fine, ok? But everyone else acts like an idiot around famous people!
Joey: (speaking aloud) Please, I was trying to be nice, you're the worst one!
Joey: Ok, ok! Fine! You can come, but don't tell anybody else. It's up on the roof at 8.
(Joey enters, wearing a bathrobe)Joey: (sounds tired) Hey you guys, I'm turning in. Have fun. Phoebe: We know about your party Joey. Joey: What party? Monica: The game's over! Take off your robe! Joey: (looks perplexed and opens up his robe) Ok... I mean... Everyone: No!! Cover it up!! Joey: (to Charlie after covering himself up again) Nice to meet ya! (Charlie waves hesitantly and Joey leaves) [Scene: The Roof] Joey: (To some people) Hey! Hey alright! Hey, glad you could make it (Shakes a man's hand) Thanks for coming. Monica: Oh my God! Kyle Lowder! Kyle Lowder: (to Monica) Hi. (walks on) Monica: (Yells after him) I love you! Joey: Hey, that's why I didn't invite you. you have to calm down, alright... go, go get yourself a drink or something... Monica: Oh yeah that's what you want - my inhibitions lowered. Phoebe: Hey! Monica: (Excited) Oh my God, can you believe we are surrounded by all this? I can barely control myself. Phoebe: Monica, you might want to remember that you are married. Where is Chandler anyway? (Looks around) Monica: (Shocked) Oh my God! Chandler! [Scene: The theater. Chandler is sitting in the otherwise empty front row, looking around nervously] Chandler: Where the hell is everybody? (The lights dim and Chandler tries to get away but as the bitter lady comes on stage and starts yelling he promptly changes his mind and sits down)Bitter lady: (yelling) Why don't you like me?! Chapter One: My first period. [Scene: The Roof, Rachel is talking to a guy who hands her a tissue with something written on it] Monica: (to Rachel) Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love". Rachel: Ok actually Mon, Matthew was just giving me his phone number. Monica: Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married! Matthew Ashford: It was nice to meet you Rachel. Rachel: Nice to meet you. Matthew Ashford: Call me. Rachel: Ok (Matthew leaves)Monica: (yelling after him) We will!! Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys! Rachel: Yeah! Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey? Rachel: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler! Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather) (cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Joey: (sounds tired) Hey you guys, I'm turning in. Have fun.
Joey: What party?
Joey: (looks perplexed and opens up his robe) Ok... I mean...
Joey: (to Charlie after covering himself up again) Nice to meet ya! (Charlie waves hesitantly and Joey leaves)
Joey: (To some people) Hey! Hey alright! Hey, glad you could make it (Shakes a man's hand) Thanks for coming.
Joey: Hey, that's why I didn't invite you. you have to calm down, alright... go, go get yourself a drink or something...
(The lights dim and Chandler tries to get away but as the bitter lady comes on stage and starts yelling he promptly changes his mind and sits down)Bitter lady: (yelling) Why don't you like me?! Chapter One: My first period. [Scene: The Roof, Rachel is talking to a guy who hands her a tissue with something written on it] Monica: (to Rachel) Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love". Rachel: Ok actually Mon, Matthew was just giving me his phone number. Monica: Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married! Matthew Ashford: It was nice to meet you Rachel. Rachel: Nice to meet you. Matthew Ashford: Call me. Rachel: Ok (Matthew leaves)Monica: (yelling after him) We will!! Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys! Rachel: Yeah! Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey? Rachel: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler! Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather) (cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Matthew leaves)Monica: (yelling after him) We will!! Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys! Rachel: Yeah! Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey? Rachel: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler! Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather) (cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands)
(Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Joey: It's a science.
(Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or...
(Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Joey: Monica!
(Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there?
Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty?
Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different.
(Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass...
Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best.
Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight.
(Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Joey: Me.
Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke!
Joey: Gotcha.
(Joey and Charlie enter. Ross looks at her)    Ross: Oh, God. I forgot how hot she was! Joey: Hey! All: Hi! Ross: I'm gonna get some more coffee. Charlie: Oh, you know what? I'll come with you! Ross: Ok. (they both go) Chandler: (to Joey) So, a professor, uh? Joey: Yeah! She is cool, and she's so smart! Her mind is totally acrimonious    (which, being Joey, he mispronounces "amonious"). (pause) That's not    how she used it...? Charlie: (talking to Ross) I feel like I owe you an explanation. I don't    ordinarily go around kissing guys at parties. I'm... well, I'm kind of embarrassed.    I really hope you don't think less of me. Ross: Uhm no! Think less of you! No, I don't think less of you. I mean,    you saw someone you liked and you kissed them. I mean, those people who like    someone and don't kiss them... those-those people are stupid, I hate those people. Charlie: You know, actually I'm a little surprised to myself. I mean,    Joey is so different from the guys I usually date. I mean, they're all professors,    and intellectuals, and paleontologists mostly, you    know, very cerebral... Ross: Yeah, I know the type. Joey: Hey, if you wanna grab a bite before work we'd better get acrimonious.    No? Am I getting close? Opening credits [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment] Phoebe: (entering) Hey! Monica: Hey! Phoebe: Hey you guys! Look what I just got. (she shows them a pair of    slippers) Rachel: Oh, OH! Wow, I love those! Where did you get them? Phoebe: I bought them off Ebay! They used to belong to the late Shania    Twain. Rachel: (after a pause) Phoebe, Shania Twain is still alive! Phoebe: Oh... then I overpaid. (she goes to the bathroom) Monica: Hey, what's this? Rachel: Oh, it's a gift certificate to this new SPA in SOHO. Monica: Oh, you can't show Phoebe this! She hates those corporate massage    chains. Rachel: Ah, why, now I can't get a massage? There are so many things    that she disapproves of! I can't eat veal, I can't wear fur, I can't go hunting... Monica: Do you wanna go hunting? Rachel: Well, I would like to have the option!! Phoebe: (coming back from the bathroom) What's up? (she sees the gift    certificate in Rachel's hands) Hey, Rachel!! Rachel: Oh! Phoebe: No, you can't go there! You know how I feel about these "big    massage places"! They're putting people like me out of business! Monica: And she wants to go hunting, too!! Rachel: Phoebe, come on, I don't wanna waste it! It would be like throwing    away a hundred bucks! Phoebe: Ok, this is not about the MONEY, ok? It's about... it's    about corporate greed destroying our hearts and leaving us... the hollow shells. Rachel: I don't care about any of that!! Phoebe: Well, do you care about friendship? Rachel: Oh! Phoebe: I feel really strongly about this, Rachel. Please, don't use    this gift certificate. I'm asking you as a friend. Rachel: Oh, not as a friend, Phoebe!! Fine, I won't use it! Phoebe: Promise? Rachel: I promise. Phoebe: Thank you. (she tears up the gift certificate) Rachel: But I am going hunting!! [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] Monica: (entering) Hey honey! I missed you today! Chandler: Oh, yeah? Monica: Yeah. (they kiss) What d'you wanna do tonight? Chandler: Oh, well... Maybe we could... (he sweeps the stuff off the    table and wordlessly invites Monica to have sex on it) Monica: Ok, trying to turn me on by making a mess? Know your audience!    Besides, tomorrow we're doing those fertility tests and until then you need    to keep your tadpoles in the tank. Chandler: We really need to take those tests? Monica: Honey, we've been trying to have a baby for over a year. I think    it's a good idea to find out if everything's ok. Just a few routine tests. Chandler: But I don't wanna do it in a cup! Monica: What is the big deal? Chandler: It's weird! In a doctor's office? Monica: It's not ok to do it in a doctor's office but it is ok to do    it in a parked car behind a Taco Bell? Chandler: (embarrassed) I cannot believe Ross told you that! (pause)    And in my defense, it was a Wendy's! Monica: Look, I don't wanna do this test either, but I really do think    it's a good idea! Chandler: Yeah, ok. I'm sure that doctor's office can't be worst than    on a class trip to the Hershey's factory! Monica: (really embarrassed) OH! Chandler: Oh, yeah! RACHEL TALKS TOO! [Scene: Joey's apartment] Joey: (sipping red wine from a glass) Who says that wine has to cost    more than milk! (somebody knocks the door, Joey opens and it's Charlie)  Joey: Heeey! Charlie: Hi! Joey: Come on in, how are ya? Charlie: I'm good! Joey: Can I offer you a drink? Charlie: Please, I've been crazed all day! I had a meeting with    the Dean, and my syllabus for summer school is due and I'm writing the Foreword    for a friend's book... Joey: Uh-oh. I hade a pretty hectic day at work too, today I had to    open a door and go (looking scared) ohhhh! Charlie: So I am just so excited to be    here. And I can't wait to start exploring the city! Joey: Hey, if you need a tour guide... (point to himself) Charlie: Oh, you mean it? That would be so fun! Joey: Yeah, definitely, definitely. Ok, what do you wanna see first? Charlie: Oh, well, we can go see the Chronos Quartet at the Avery Fisher    Hall. Joey: (looking puzzled and nodding) Ok! Charlie: And there is a collection of Walt Whitman letters on display    at the public library. Joey: I know, yeah! Charlie: And first, I have to see the MET! Joey: Ok, let me stop you right there. The Mets suck, ok? You wanna    see the Yankees. Charlie: No, no, no, not the Mets, the MET, singular! Joey: Which one, they all suck! Charlie: The museum! Joey: (looking puzzled) I don't think so. [Scene: SPA massage center, Rachel enters] Rachel: (to the receptionist) Hi there! Receptionist: (in an affected tone) Hello, welcome to Lavender Day Spa    SPA. How may I help you? Rachel: Oh, hi. I have a massage appointment under Rachel Green, and    here is my gift certificate. Receptionist: This has been torn up. Rachel: And... taped back together. Receptionist: Ok well, I'll call you as    soon as your massage therapist is ready. Rachel: Ok Receptionist: Have a seat through the glass doors. Rachel: (imitating the receptionist's tone) through the glass doors. Receptionist: Through the glass doors. Rachel: Alright-y then. (Phoebe enters the hall)  Receptionist: Phoebe, your next client's in the waiting room. Phoebe: Ok. Do we have to talk like that then they're not around? (She    sees Rachel) Oh, no, no! Listen, is there someone    who can fill in for me? Receptionist: Sorry, everyone is booked! Phoebe: But that woman can't know I work    here. She's a friend of mine and I made this big stink about how awful this    massage chains are. Receptionist: Then why you work here? Phoebe: 'Cause it's good money! But that doesn't change the fact that    this is an evil blood sucking corporate machine! Receptionist: Well, I think this is a great place to work! Phoebe: (watching around and whispering) Ok, are they listening? [Scene: Central Perk] (Joey walks in and moves towards Ross, who's sitting of the sofa)  Joey: Ross! Ross: Hi! Joey: I need to talk to you about Charlie. Ross: (annoyed) Oh, do you, do you really? Joey: Yeah, I'm... I'm kind of having a little problem. Ross: Look, if you don't know what the word "acrimonious"    means, just don't use it! Joey: No, look, you know Charlie, right? She's cool, she's funny, her    body is soo... Ross: Get to the problem! Joey: Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've    ever dated! Combined! I don't want her to think I'm stupid! Ross: (looking down) Are you wearing two belts? Joey: (checking) EH, what do you know! Ross: You were saying you didn't want to seem stupid. Joey: Right, right, right, well, she wants to go to all this cultural    places and I don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out! Ross: You know, I really don't want to    get involved in you guy's relationship. Joey: Please, c'mon, you're the smartest person I know and I really    like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose her. Ross: (after a short hesitation) Fine. Joey: Thanks. Ross: Ok. Let's see. Oh, you should take her to the MET! Joey: The Metsss! Ross: Oh, no! The MET! The Metropolitan Museum of Art. Joey: (realizing) Oh, that's what she meant! (pause) You know, if they're    gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You know, short for museum,    and avoid all the confusion! Ross: Yeah, most of it it's a place  packed with confused angry    baseball fans! Joey: Ok, all right, so I'll take her to the MET. Ross: Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore    on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves architecture,    you know what you should do? You should take a walk down fifth to the    Saint Patrick's Cathedral and there there's this great little pastry shop that    she'd love. Joey: Geez, sounds like you should be going on this date! Ross: But I'm not! (pause). You know what if you're in the mood for    Thai food... Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go way too    fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET, ok? Ross: Ok. Joey: You got to tell me exactly what to do there. Ross: Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities    wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, up to the Byzantine Empire. Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make    the right (and he bends his arm to the left. Ross then bends Joey's arm to the    right and Joey nods) [Scene: doctor's waiting room] Chandler: I have a weird feeling about this place. (pause) How do I    know that they are not gonna secretly videotape me and put it all over the internet. Monica: Because, honey, I mean this in the sweetest way possible, nobody    is gonna wanna watch that. (a nurse walks in) Nurse: Mr. Bing? (Chandler jumps up) Here you are! You'll go into that    room and deposit your specimen into the container. Chandler: Deposit my specimen? You know,    usually I have to call a  900 number for that kind    of talk. Thanks, got it. Monica: Hey, honey, my test is down the hall, are you sure you're going    to be ok? Chandler: Yeah, I guess! Monica: I know this is embarrassing, but nobody cares! No one here even    knows you! Janice: OH MY GOD!! Chandler: Oh, Come on! Commercial Break Janice: Ah ahahahhahaa! How great is this! Monica: Hey, we're probably fertile, let's go home! Chandler: Why are you here? Janice: Well, Sid and I are trying again and we had trouble last time    because apparently we... Chandler: (to Heaven) No no no... I mean, why? why is    she here?? Janice: Oh! Someone's a little cranky today cuz    they have to do it in a cup! (laughs) Oh! They gave you the kiddy size (looking    at the cup in his hand). Chandler: What!? (Janice does her "Janice Laugh")  Monica: This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!    (leaves) Chandler: I'd love to stay, but I have eh... (points at the cup) got    a hot date... (starts to leave) Janice: Please... go! (Then shouts after him) Just let me know if you    need a hand! Chandler: (disgusted) I think it just fell off. (Leaves) [Scene: At the Spa, Phoebe is at the half-opened door] Phoebe: (In a strange heavy accent) Hello "ja", it's time    for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole. Rachel: Wow, a Swedish massage from a real Swedish person. (Puts her    head in the hole and Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Okay, then I'm Swedish... Monica: So, what's your name? Phoebe: It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea... Rachel: Oh... what an interesting name. Phoebe: Ja! Rachel: You know I... (lifts her head and tries to look in Phoebe's    direction) Phoebe: (pushes her head back down) Time for your scalp massage! Rachel: (Sees Phoebe's slippers through the hole) Wow... I really love    your... (startled as she realizes those are Phoebe's slippers) Phoebe: Is something wrong? Rachel: No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... (pause)    Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden? Phoebe: (Thinks for a few moments) Uhm... Stockholm. Rachel: Damn! I wish I knew if that was right! [Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Ross in the living room,    rehearsing what Joey will say to Charlie in the Museum] Joey: (gesturing at an imaginary painting) Note the painterly    lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors    as his elusive subject was light itself. Ross: Now, do you have any idea what you just said? Joey: (shaking his head as if to say: of course not!) No, no, my mouth    says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks! Ross: Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt    M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out phonetically for you. Joey: Phonetically? (Looks confused) Ross: Yeah, yeah that means... you know? We just... we don't have time    for this. Joey: Ok. Ross: Ok, but you know what? I gotta say,    I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly! Joey: Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days"    I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy". Ross: Wow. What does that mean? Joey: No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I    guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear". Ross: Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance? Joey: Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish    of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! (Reaches out to touch the    imaginary painting). Ross: Nah ah! Nah ah! (stops him form doing so) No no no! No ad-libbing    and dude, you can't touch the paintings. Joey: Come on! you... (reaches out to touch the imaginary painting again) Ross: No! (Slaps his hand) [Scene: The Fertility Clinic; Chandler walks out one of the rooms] Chandler: (To the nurse at the nurses' station) My specimen is in the    room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there.    Really helped speed the process along! (walks towards the common area and sees    Janice is still there) Janice! You're not... gone? Janice: Oh! Sid is still in his room. I don't allow porn at home so    this is like a vacation for him. So did you do it? Did you make your deposit? Chandler: Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over! Janice: That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes    next, I mean aren't you worried about the results? Chandler: I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet...    I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok. Janice: Oh! Well, you know what? It probably is. Chandler: (Slightly panicky) Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there    is a reason why we can't have a baby? Janice: Oh, Chandler, look. You and Monica are meant to have children.    I am sure it's gonna be just fine. Chandler: (smiling again) oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe    I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to...    come here and do... 'that'... Janice: What, you can do it in the parking lot of a Taco Bell, but you    can't do it at a doctor's office? Chandler: (stares at her intently, then yells) It was a "Wendy's!!    " [Scene: Phoebe and Rachel at the Spa. Phoebe is still massaging    Rachel] Phoebe: (Singing) "Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is    the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking! (looks annoyed) Rachel: Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have    a friend who is a masseuse. Phoebe: Oh, Ja! Ja! Rachel: Yah! She's... uhm... not very good though... (Phoebe looks devastated) Phoebe: Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is? Rachel: I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy    fingers from playing crummy guitar... Phoebe: Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're    such a high maintenance tight ass! Rachel: (now lifts her head) Phoebe!! Phoebe: You know it's me? Rachel: For like a half an hour! Man, you can lie about Sweden! Phoebe: How can you come here? Rachel: How could you not tell me you worked here? Phoebe: I don't have to tell you everything! Rachel: Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel guilty for getting    a free massage! Phoebe: Tips not included. Rachel: Oh! Phoebe, why did you lie to me about working here? Phoebe: Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then    they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know...    you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh!    paying taxes! Rachel: Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there    right now and quit! Be true to what you believe in! Honey, you have principles    and I so admire that! I don't have any! Phoebe: You know what? You are right. I am gonna quit. It's time    I took my life back! Rachel: Good for you Pheebs! Phoebe: Ok. Phoebe: Okay (walks out and closes the door behind her, looks up and    whispers) If you guys have microphones in there too, I didn't mean any    of that. I love you. [Scene: Central Perk. Ross is playing some shoot'em up game on    his laptop] Ross: Haha! Got ya! Die, die, die! (Charlie walks in.)  Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor    R. Geller. (hits &lt;return&gt;, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the    sofa) Hey! Charlie: Hi! Ross: Hey, how was the Met? Charlie: The museum was amazing! Ross: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh? Charlie: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to    say, and some of it didn't even make any sense. Ross: What do you mean? Charlie: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere    around. Ross: (perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked    into the Met, did you go to the right? Charlie: No, we went to the left. Ross: (shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like    you guys are having a great time together. Charlie: Yeah, it's fun (hesitating). Ross: What? Charlie: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really    know me that well; it would be weird. Ross: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on. Charlie: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy    to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common    with. You know what I mean? Ross: (slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey    a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about    art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else. Charlie: Yeah, I guess that's true. Ross: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all    that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You    know, that's the kind of guy Joey is. Charlie: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot! Ross: That was going to be my next argument. (Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Yeah! She is cool, and she's so smart! Her mind is totally acrimonious    (which, being Joey, he mispronounces "amonious"). (pause) That's not    how she used it...?
Joey: Hey, if you wanna grab a bite before work we'd better get acrimonious.    No? Am I getting close?
Joey: (sipping red wine from a glass) Who says that wine has to cost    more than milk!
(somebody knocks the door, Joey opens and it's Charlie)  Joey: Heeey! Charlie: Hi! Joey: Come on in, how are ya? Charlie: I'm good! Joey: Can I offer you a drink? Charlie: Please, I've been crazed all day! I had a meeting with    the Dean, and my syllabus for summer school is due and I'm writing the Foreword    for a friend's book... Joey: Uh-oh. I hade a pretty hectic day at work too, today I had to    open a door and go (looking scared) ohhhh! Charlie: So I am just so excited to be    here. And I can't wait to start exploring the city! Joey: Hey, if you need a tour guide... (point to himself) Charlie: Oh, you mean it? That would be so fun! Joey: Yeah, definitely, definitely. Ok, what do you wanna see first? Charlie: Oh, well, we can go see the Chronos Quartet at the Avery Fisher    Hall. Joey: (looking puzzled and nodding) Ok! Charlie: And there is a collection of Walt Whitman letters on display    at the public library. Joey: I know, yeah! Charlie: And first, I have to see the MET! Joey: Ok, let me stop you right there. The Mets suck, ok? You wanna    see the Yankees. Charlie: No, no, no, not the Mets, the MET, singular! Joey: Which one, they all suck! Charlie: The museum! Joey: (looking puzzled) I don't think so. [Scene: SPA massage center, Rachel enters] Rachel: (to the receptionist) Hi there! Receptionist: (in an affected tone) Hello, welcome to Lavender Day Spa    SPA. How may I help you? Rachel: Oh, hi. I have a massage appointment under Rachel Green, and    here is my gift certificate. Receptionist: This has been torn up. Rachel: And... taped back together. Receptionist: Ok well, I'll call you as    soon as your massage therapist is ready. Rachel: Ok Receptionist: Have a seat through the glass doors. Rachel: (imitating the receptionist's tone) through the glass doors. Receptionist: Through the glass doors. Rachel: Alright-y then. (Phoebe enters the hall)  Receptionist: Phoebe, your next client's in the waiting room. Phoebe: Ok. Do we have to talk like that then they're not around? (She    sees Rachel) Oh, no, no! Listen, is there someone    who can fill in for me? Receptionist: Sorry, everyone is booked! Phoebe: But that woman can't know I work    here. She's a friend of mine and I made this big stink about how awful this    massage chains are. Receptionist: Then why you work here? Phoebe: 'Cause it's good money! But that doesn't change the fact that    this is an evil blood sucking corporate machine! Receptionist: Well, I think this is a great place to work! Phoebe: (watching around and whispering) Ok, are they listening? [Scene: Central Perk] (Joey walks in and moves towards Ross, who's sitting of the sofa)  Joey: Ross! Ross: Hi! Joey: I need to talk to you about Charlie. Ross: (annoyed) Oh, do you, do you really? Joey: Yeah, I'm... I'm kind of having a little problem. Ross: Look, if you don't know what the word "acrimonious"    means, just don't use it! Joey: No, look, you know Charlie, right? She's cool, she's funny, her    body is soo... Ross: Get to the problem! Joey: Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've    ever dated! Combined! I don't want her to think I'm stupid! Ross: (looking down) Are you wearing two belts? Joey: (checking) EH, what do you know! Ross: You were saying you didn't want to seem stupid. Joey: Right, right, right, well, she wants to go to all this cultural    places and I don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out! Ross: You know, I really don't want to    get involved in you guy's relationship. Joey: Please, c'mon, you're the smartest person I know and I really    like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose her. Ross: (after a short hesitation) Fine. Joey: Thanks. Ross: Ok. Let's see. Oh, you should take her to the MET! Joey: The Metsss! Ross: Oh, no! The MET! The Metropolitan Museum of Art. Joey: (realizing) Oh, that's what she meant! (pause) You know, if they're    gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You know, short for museum,    and avoid all the confusion! Ross: Yeah, most of it it's a place  packed with confused angry    baseball fans! Joey: Ok, all right, so I'll take her to the MET. Ross: Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore    on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves architecture,    you know what you should do? You should take a walk down fifth to the    Saint Patrick's Cathedral and there there's this great little pastry shop that    she'd love. Joey: Geez, sounds like you should be going on this date! Ross: But I'm not! (pause). You know what if you're in the mood for    Thai food... Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go way too    fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET, ok? Ross: Ok. Joey: You got to tell me exactly what to do there. Ross: Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities    wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, up to the Byzantine Empire. Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make    the right (and he bends his arm to the left. Ross then bends Joey's arm to the    right and Joey nods) [Scene: doctor's waiting room] Chandler: I have a weird feeling about this place. (pause) How do I    know that they are not gonna secretly videotape me and put it all over the internet. Monica: Because, honey, I mean this in the sweetest way possible, nobody    is gonna wanna watch that. (a nurse walks in) Nurse: Mr. Bing? (Chandler jumps up) Here you are! You'll go into that    room and deposit your specimen into the container. Chandler: Deposit my specimen? You know,    usually I have to call a  900 number for that kind    of talk. Thanks, got it. Monica: Hey, honey, my test is down the hall, are you sure you're going    to be ok? Chandler: Yeah, I guess! Monica: I know this is embarrassing, but nobody cares! No one here even    knows you! Janice: OH MY GOD!! Chandler: Oh, Come on! Commercial Break Janice: Ah ahahahhahaa! How great is this! Monica: Hey, we're probably fertile, let's go home! Chandler: Why are you here? Janice: Well, Sid and I are trying again and we had trouble last time    because apparently we... Chandler: (to Heaven) No no no... I mean, why? why is    she here?? Janice: Oh! Someone's a little cranky today cuz    they have to do it in a cup! (laughs) Oh! They gave you the kiddy size (looking    at the cup in his hand). Chandler: What!? (Janice does her "Janice Laugh")  Monica: This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!    (leaves) Chandler: I'd love to stay, but I have eh... (points at the cup) got    a hot date... (starts to leave) Janice: Please... go! (Then shouts after him) Just let me know if you    need a hand! Chandler: (disgusted) I think it just fell off. (Leaves) [Scene: At the Spa, Phoebe is at the half-opened door] Phoebe: (In a strange heavy accent) Hello "ja", it's time    for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole. Rachel: Wow, a Swedish massage from a real Swedish person. (Puts her    head in the hole and Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Okay, then I'm Swedish... Monica: So, what's your name? Phoebe: It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea... Rachel: Oh... what an interesting name. Phoebe: Ja! Rachel: You know I... (lifts her head and tries to look in Phoebe's    direction) Phoebe: (pushes her head back down) Time for your scalp massage! Rachel: (Sees Phoebe's slippers through the hole) Wow... I really love    your... (startled as she realizes those are Phoebe's slippers) Phoebe: Is something wrong? Rachel: No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... (pause)    Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden? Phoebe: (Thinks for a few moments) Uhm... Stockholm. Rachel: Damn! I wish I knew if that was right! [Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Ross in the living room,    rehearsing what Joey will say to Charlie in the Museum] Joey: (gesturing at an imaginary painting) Note the painterly    lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors    as his elusive subject was light itself. Ross: Now, do you have any idea what you just said? Joey: (shaking his head as if to say: of course not!) No, no, my mouth    says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks! Ross: Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt    M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out phonetically for you. Joey: Phonetically? (Looks confused) Ross: Yeah, yeah that means... you know? We just... we don't have time    for this. Joey: Ok. Ross: Ok, but you know what? I gotta say,    I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly! Joey: Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days"    I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy". Ross: Wow. What does that mean? Joey: No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I    guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear". Ross: Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance? Joey: Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish    of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! (Reaches out to touch the    imaginary painting). Ross: Nah ah! Nah ah! (stops him form doing so) No no no! No ad-libbing    and dude, you can't touch the paintings. Joey: Come on! you... (reaches out to touch the imaginary painting again) Ross: No! (Slaps his hand) [Scene: The Fertility Clinic; Chandler walks out one of the rooms] Chandler: (To the nurse at the nurses' station) My specimen is in the    room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there.    Really helped speed the process along! (walks towards the common area and sees    Janice is still there) Janice! You're not... gone? Janice: Oh! Sid is still in his room. I don't allow porn at home so    this is like a vacation for him. So did you do it? Did you make your deposit? Chandler: Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over! Janice: That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes    next, I mean aren't you worried about the results? Chandler: I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet...    I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok. Janice: Oh! Well, you know what? It probably is. Chandler: (Slightly panicky) Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there    is a reason why we can't have a baby? Janice: Oh, Chandler, look. You and Monica are meant to have children.    I am sure it's gonna be just fine. Chandler: (smiling again) oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe    I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to...    come here and do... 'that'... Janice: What, you can do it in the parking lot of a Taco Bell, but you    can't do it at a doctor's office? Chandler: (stares at her intently, then yells) It was a "Wendy's!!    " [Scene: Phoebe and Rachel at the Spa. Phoebe is still massaging    Rachel] Phoebe: (Singing) "Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is    the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking! (looks annoyed) Rachel: Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have    a friend who is a masseuse. Phoebe: Oh, Ja! Ja! Rachel: Yah! She's... uhm... not very good though... (Phoebe looks devastated) Phoebe: Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is? Rachel: I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy    fingers from playing crummy guitar... Phoebe: Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're    such a high maintenance tight ass! Rachel: (now lifts her head) Phoebe!! Phoebe: You know it's me? Rachel: For like a half an hour! Man, you can lie about Sweden! Phoebe: How can you come here? Rachel: How could you not tell me you worked here? Phoebe: I don't have to tell you everything! Rachel: Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel guilty for getting    a free massage! Phoebe: Tips not included. Rachel: Oh! Phoebe, why did you lie to me about working here? Phoebe: Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then    they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know...    you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh!    paying taxes! Rachel: Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there    right now and quit! Be true to what you believe in! Honey, you have principles    and I so admire that! I don't have any! Phoebe: You know what? You are right. I am gonna quit. It's time    I took my life back! Rachel: Good for you Pheebs! Phoebe: Ok. Phoebe: Okay (walks out and closes the door behind her, looks up and    whispers) If you guys have microphones in there too, I didn't mean any    of that. I love you. [Scene: Central Perk. Ross is playing some shoot'em up game on    his laptop] Ross: Haha! Got ya! Die, die, die! (Charlie walks in.)  Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor    R. Geller. (hits &lt;return&gt;, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the    sofa) Hey! Charlie: Hi! Ross: Hey, how was the Met? Charlie: The museum was amazing! Ross: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh? Charlie: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to    say, and some of it didn't even make any sense. Ross: What do you mean? Charlie: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere    around. Ross: (perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked    into the Met, did you go to the right? Charlie: No, we went to the left. Ross: (shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like    you guys are having a great time together. Charlie: Yeah, it's fun (hesitating). Ross: What? Charlie: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really    know me that well; it would be weird. Ross: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on. Charlie: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy    to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common    with. You know what I mean? Ross: (slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey    a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about    art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else. Charlie: Yeah, I guess that's true. Ross: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all    that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You    know, that's the kind of guy Joey is. Charlie: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot! Ross: That was going to be my next argument. (Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
Joey: Heeey!
Joey: Come on in, how are ya?
Joey: Can I offer you a drink?
Joey: Uh-oh. I hade a pretty hectic day at work too, today I had to    open a door and go (looking scared) ohhhh!
Joey: Hey, if you need a tour guide... (point to himself)
Joey: Yeah, definitely, definitely. Ok, what do you wanna see first?
Joey: (looking puzzled and nodding) Ok!
Joey: I know, yeah!
Joey: Ok, let me stop you right there. The Mets suck, ok? You wanna    see the Yankees.
Joey: Which one, they all suck!
Joey: (looking puzzled) I don't think so.
(Phoebe enters the hall)  Receptionist: Phoebe, your next client's in the waiting room. Phoebe: Ok. Do we have to talk like that then they're not around? (She    sees Rachel) Oh, no, no! Listen, is there someone    who can fill in for me? Receptionist: Sorry, everyone is booked! Phoebe: But that woman can't know I work    here. She's a friend of mine and I made this big stink about how awful this    massage chains are. Receptionist: Then why you work here? Phoebe: 'Cause it's good money! But that doesn't change the fact that    this is an evil blood sucking corporate machine! Receptionist: Well, I think this is a great place to work! Phoebe: (watching around and whispering) Ok, are they listening? [Scene: Central Perk] (Joey walks in and moves towards Ross, who's sitting of the sofa)  Joey: Ross! Ross: Hi! Joey: I need to talk to you about Charlie. Ross: (annoyed) Oh, do you, do you really? Joey: Yeah, I'm... I'm kind of having a little problem. Ross: Look, if you don't know what the word "acrimonious"    means, just don't use it! Joey: No, look, you know Charlie, right? She's cool, she's funny, her    body is soo... Ross: Get to the problem! Joey: Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've    ever dated! Combined! I don't want her to think I'm stupid! Ross: (looking down) Are you wearing two belts? Joey: (checking) EH, what do you know! Ross: You were saying you didn't want to seem stupid. Joey: Right, right, right, well, she wants to go to all this cultural    places and I don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out! Ross: You know, I really don't want to    get involved in you guy's relationship. Joey: Please, c'mon, you're the smartest person I know and I really    like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose her. Ross: (after a short hesitation) Fine. Joey: Thanks. Ross: Ok. Let's see. Oh, you should take her to the MET! Joey: The Metsss! Ross: Oh, no! The MET! The Metropolitan Museum of Art. Joey: (realizing) Oh, that's what she meant! (pause) You know, if they're    gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You know, short for museum,    and avoid all the confusion! Ross: Yeah, most of it it's a place  packed with confused angry    baseball fans! Joey: Ok, all right, so I'll take her to the MET. Ross: Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore    on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves architecture,    you know what you should do? You should take a walk down fifth to the    Saint Patrick's Cathedral and there there's this great little pastry shop that    she'd love. Joey: Geez, sounds like you should be going on this date! Ross: But I'm not! (pause). You know what if you're in the mood for    Thai food... Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go way too    fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET, ok? Ross: Ok. Joey: You got to tell me exactly what to do there. Ross: Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities    wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, up to the Byzantine Empire. Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make    the right (and he bends his arm to the left. Ross then bends Joey's arm to the    right and Joey nods) [Scene: doctor's waiting room] Chandler: I have a weird feeling about this place. (pause) How do I    know that they are not gonna secretly videotape me and put it all over the internet. Monica: Because, honey, I mean this in the sweetest way possible, nobody    is gonna wanna watch that. (a nurse walks in) Nurse: Mr. Bing? (Chandler jumps up) Here you are! You'll go into that    room and deposit your specimen into the container. Chandler: Deposit my specimen? You know,    usually I have to call a  900 number for that kind    of talk. Thanks, got it. Monica: Hey, honey, my test is down the hall, are you sure you're going    to be ok? Chandler: Yeah, I guess! Monica: I know this is embarrassing, but nobody cares! No one here even    knows you! Janice: OH MY GOD!! Chandler: Oh, Come on! Commercial Break Janice: Ah ahahahhahaa! How great is this! Monica: Hey, we're probably fertile, let's go home! Chandler: Why are you here? Janice: Well, Sid and I are trying again and we had trouble last time    because apparently we... Chandler: (to Heaven) No no no... I mean, why? why is    she here?? Janice: Oh! Someone's a little cranky today cuz    they have to do it in a cup! (laughs) Oh! They gave you the kiddy size (looking    at the cup in his hand). Chandler: What!? (Janice does her "Janice Laugh")  Monica: This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!    (leaves) Chandler: I'd love to stay, but I have eh... (points at the cup) got    a hot date... (starts to leave) Janice: Please... go! (Then shouts after him) Just let me know if you    need a hand! Chandler: (disgusted) I think it just fell off. (Leaves) [Scene: At the Spa, Phoebe is at the half-opened door] Phoebe: (In a strange heavy accent) Hello "ja", it's time    for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole. Rachel: Wow, a Swedish massage from a real Swedish person. (Puts her    head in the hole and Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Okay, then I'm Swedish... Monica: So, what's your name? Phoebe: It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea... Rachel: Oh... what an interesting name. Phoebe: Ja! Rachel: You know I... (lifts her head and tries to look in Phoebe's    direction) Phoebe: (pushes her head back down) Time for your scalp massage! Rachel: (Sees Phoebe's slippers through the hole) Wow... I really love    your... (startled as she realizes those are Phoebe's slippers) Phoebe: Is something wrong? Rachel: No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... (pause)    Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden? Phoebe: (Thinks for a few moments) Uhm... Stockholm. Rachel: Damn! I wish I knew if that was right! [Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Ross in the living room,    rehearsing what Joey will say to Charlie in the Museum] Joey: (gesturing at an imaginary painting) Note the painterly    lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors    as his elusive subject was light itself. Ross: Now, do you have any idea what you just said? Joey: (shaking his head as if to say: of course not!) No, no, my mouth    says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks! Ross: Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt    M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out phonetically for you. Joey: Phonetically? (Looks confused) Ross: Yeah, yeah that means... you know? We just... we don't have time    for this. Joey: Ok. Ross: Ok, but you know what? I gotta say,    I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly! Joey: Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days"    I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy". Ross: Wow. What does that mean? Joey: No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I    guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear". Ross: Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance? Joey: Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish    of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! (Reaches out to touch the    imaginary painting). Ross: Nah ah! Nah ah! (stops him form doing so) No no no! No ad-libbing    and dude, you can't touch the paintings. Joey: Come on! you... (reaches out to touch the imaginary painting again) Ross: No! (Slaps his hand) [Scene: The Fertility Clinic; Chandler walks out one of the rooms] Chandler: (To the nurse at the nurses' station) My specimen is in the    room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there.    Really helped speed the process along! (walks towards the common area and sees    Janice is still there) Janice! You're not... gone? Janice: Oh! Sid is still in his room. I don't allow porn at home so    this is like a vacation for him. So did you do it? Did you make your deposit? Chandler: Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over! Janice: That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes    next, I mean aren't you worried about the results? Chandler: I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet...    I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok. Janice: Oh! Well, you know what? It probably is. Chandler: (Slightly panicky) Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there    is a reason why we can't have a baby? Janice: Oh, Chandler, look. You and Monica are meant to have children.    I am sure it's gonna be just fine. Chandler: (smiling again) oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe    I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to...    come here and do... 'that'... Janice: What, you can do it in the parking lot of a Taco Bell, but you    can't do it at a doctor's office? Chandler: (stares at her intently, then yells) It was a "Wendy's!!    " [Scene: Phoebe and Rachel at the Spa. Phoebe is still massaging    Rachel] Phoebe: (Singing) "Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is    the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking! (looks annoyed) Rachel: Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have    a friend who is a masseuse. Phoebe: Oh, Ja! Ja! Rachel: Yah! She's... uhm... not very good though... (Phoebe looks devastated) Phoebe: Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is? Rachel: I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy    fingers from playing crummy guitar... Phoebe: Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're    such a high maintenance tight ass! Rachel: (now lifts her head) Phoebe!! Phoebe: You know it's me? Rachel: For like a half an hour! Man, you can lie about Sweden! Phoebe: How can you come here? Rachel: How could you not tell me you worked here? Phoebe: I don't have to tell you everything! Rachel: Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel guilty for getting    a free massage! Phoebe: Tips not included. Rachel: Oh! Phoebe, why did you lie to me about working here? Phoebe: Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then    they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know...    you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh!    paying taxes! Rachel: Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there    right now and quit! Be true to what you believe in! Honey, you have principles    and I so admire that! I don't have any! Phoebe: You know what? You are right. I am gonna quit. It's time    I took my life back! Rachel: Good for you Pheebs! Phoebe: Ok. Phoebe: Okay (walks out and closes the door behind her, looks up and    whispers) If you guys have microphones in there too, I didn't mean any    of that. I love you. [Scene: Central Perk. Ross is playing some shoot'em up game on    his laptop] Ross: Haha! Got ya! Die, die, die! (Charlie walks in.)  Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor    R. Geller. (hits &lt;return&gt;, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the    sofa) Hey! Charlie: Hi! Ross: Hey, how was the Met? Charlie: The museum was amazing! Ross: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh? Charlie: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to    say, and some of it didn't even make any sense. Ross: What do you mean? Charlie: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere    around. Ross: (perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked    into the Met, did you go to the right? Charlie: No, we went to the left. Ross: (shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like    you guys are having a great time together. Charlie: Yeah, it's fun (hesitating). Ross: What? Charlie: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really    know me that well; it would be weird. Ross: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on. Charlie: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy    to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common    with. You know what I mean? Ross: (slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey    a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about    art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else. Charlie: Yeah, I guess that's true. Ross: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all    that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You    know, that's the kind of guy Joey is. Charlie: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot! Ross: That was going to be my next argument. (Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
(Joey walks in and moves towards Ross, who's sitting of the sofa)  Joey: Ross! Ross: Hi! Joey: I need to talk to you about Charlie. Ross: (annoyed) Oh, do you, do you really? Joey: Yeah, I'm... I'm kind of having a little problem. Ross: Look, if you don't know what the word "acrimonious"    means, just don't use it! Joey: No, look, you know Charlie, right? She's cool, she's funny, her    body is soo... Ross: Get to the problem! Joey: Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've    ever dated! Combined! I don't want her to think I'm stupid! Ross: (looking down) Are you wearing two belts? Joey: (checking) EH, what do you know! Ross: You were saying you didn't want to seem stupid. Joey: Right, right, right, well, she wants to go to all this cultural    places and I don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out! Ross: You know, I really don't want to    get involved in you guy's relationship. Joey: Please, c'mon, you're the smartest person I know and I really    like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose her. Ross: (after a short hesitation) Fine. Joey: Thanks. Ross: Ok. Let's see. Oh, you should take her to the MET! Joey: The Metsss! Ross: Oh, no! The MET! The Metropolitan Museum of Art. Joey: (realizing) Oh, that's what she meant! (pause) You know, if they're    gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You know, short for museum,    and avoid all the confusion! Ross: Yeah, most of it it's a place  packed with confused angry    baseball fans! Joey: Ok, all right, so I'll take her to the MET. Ross: Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore    on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves architecture,    you know what you should do? You should take a walk down fifth to the    Saint Patrick's Cathedral and there there's this great little pastry shop that    she'd love. Joey: Geez, sounds like you should be going on this date! Ross: But I'm not! (pause). You know what if you're in the mood for    Thai food... Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go way too    fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET, ok? Ross: Ok. Joey: You got to tell me exactly what to do there. Ross: Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities    wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, up to the Byzantine Empire. Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make    the right (and he bends his arm to the left. Ross then bends Joey's arm to the    right and Joey nods) [Scene: doctor's waiting room] Chandler: I have a weird feeling about this place. (pause) How do I    know that they are not gonna secretly videotape me and put it all over the internet. Monica: Because, honey, I mean this in the sweetest way possible, nobody    is gonna wanna watch that. (a nurse walks in) Nurse: Mr. Bing? (Chandler jumps up) Here you are! You'll go into that    room and deposit your specimen into the container. Chandler: Deposit my specimen? You know,    usually I have to call a  900 number for that kind    of talk. Thanks, got it. Monica: Hey, honey, my test is down the hall, are you sure you're going    to be ok? Chandler: Yeah, I guess! Monica: I know this is embarrassing, but nobody cares! No one here even    knows you! Janice: OH MY GOD!! Chandler: Oh, Come on! Commercial Break Janice: Ah ahahahhahaa! How great is this! Monica: Hey, we're probably fertile, let's go home! Chandler: Why are you here? Janice: Well, Sid and I are trying again and we had trouble last time    because apparently we... Chandler: (to Heaven) No no no... I mean, why? why is    she here?? Janice: Oh! Someone's a little cranky today cuz    they have to do it in a cup! (laughs) Oh! They gave you the kiddy size (looking    at the cup in his hand). Chandler: What!? (Janice does her "Janice Laugh")  Monica: This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!    (leaves) Chandler: I'd love to stay, but I have eh... (points at the cup) got    a hot date... (starts to leave) Janice: Please... go! (Then shouts after him) Just let me know if you    need a hand! Chandler: (disgusted) I think it just fell off. (Leaves) [Scene: At the Spa, Phoebe is at the half-opened door] Phoebe: (In a strange heavy accent) Hello "ja", it's time    for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole. Rachel: Wow, a Swedish massage from a real Swedish person. (Puts her    head in the hole and Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Okay, then I'm Swedish... Monica: So, what's your name? Phoebe: It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea... Rachel: Oh... what an interesting name. Phoebe: Ja! Rachel: You know I... (lifts her head and tries to look in Phoebe's    direction) Phoebe: (pushes her head back down) Time for your scalp massage! Rachel: (Sees Phoebe's slippers through the hole) Wow... I really love    your... (startled as she realizes those are Phoebe's slippers) Phoebe: Is something wrong? Rachel: No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... (pause)    Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden? Phoebe: (Thinks for a few moments) Uhm... Stockholm. Rachel: Damn! I wish I knew if that was right! [Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Ross in the living room,    rehearsing what Joey will say to Charlie in the Museum] Joey: (gesturing at an imaginary painting) Note the painterly    lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors    as his elusive subject was light itself. Ross: Now, do you have any idea what you just said? Joey: (shaking his head as if to say: of course not!) No, no, my mouth    says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks! Ross: Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt    M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out phonetically for you. Joey: Phonetically? (Looks confused) Ross: Yeah, yeah that means... you know? We just... we don't have time    for this. Joey: Ok. Ross: Ok, but you know what? I gotta say,    I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly! Joey: Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days"    I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy". Ross: Wow. What does that mean? Joey: No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I    guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear". Ross: Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance? Joey: Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish    of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! (Reaches out to touch the    imaginary painting). Ross: Nah ah! Nah ah! (stops him form doing so) No no no! No ad-libbing    and dude, you can't touch the paintings. Joey: Come on! you... (reaches out to touch the imaginary painting again) Ross: No! (Slaps his hand) [Scene: The Fertility Clinic; Chandler walks out one of the rooms] Chandler: (To the nurse at the nurses' station) My specimen is in the    room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there.    Really helped speed the process along! (walks towards the common area and sees    Janice is still there) Janice! You're not... gone? Janice: Oh! Sid is still in his room. I don't allow porn at home so    this is like a vacation for him. So did you do it? Did you make your deposit? Chandler: Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over! Janice: That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes    next, I mean aren't you worried about the results? Chandler: I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet...    I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok. Janice: Oh! Well, you know what? It probably is. Chandler: (Slightly panicky) Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there    is a reason why we can't have a baby? Janice: Oh, Chandler, look. You and Monica are meant to have children.    I am sure it's gonna be just fine. Chandler: (smiling again) oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe    I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to...    come here and do... 'that'... Janice: What, you can do it in the parking lot of a Taco Bell, but you    can't do it at a doctor's office? Chandler: (stares at her intently, then yells) It was a "Wendy's!!    " [Scene: Phoebe and Rachel at the Spa. Phoebe is still massaging    Rachel] Phoebe: (Singing) "Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is    the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking! (looks annoyed) Rachel: Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have    a friend who is a masseuse. Phoebe: Oh, Ja! Ja! Rachel: Yah! She's... uhm... not very good though... (Phoebe looks devastated) Phoebe: Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is? Rachel: I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy    fingers from playing crummy guitar... Phoebe: Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're    such a high maintenance tight ass! Rachel: (now lifts her head) Phoebe!! Phoebe: You know it's me? Rachel: For like a half an hour! Man, you can lie about Sweden! Phoebe: How can you come here? Rachel: How could you not tell me you worked here? Phoebe: I don't have to tell you everything! Rachel: Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel guilty for getting    a free massage! Phoebe: Tips not included. Rachel: Oh! Phoebe, why did you lie to me about working here? Phoebe: Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then    they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know...    you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh!    paying taxes! Rachel: Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there    right now and quit! Be true to what you believe in! Honey, you have principles    and I so admire that! I don't have any! Phoebe: You know what? You are right. I am gonna quit. It's time    I took my life back! Rachel: Good for you Pheebs! Phoebe: Ok. Phoebe: Okay (walks out and closes the door behind her, looks up and    whispers) If you guys have microphones in there too, I didn't mean any    of that. I love you. [Scene: Central Perk. Ross is playing some shoot'em up game on    his laptop] Ross: Haha! Got ya! Die, die, die! (Charlie walks in.)  Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor    R. Geller. (hits &lt;return&gt;, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the    sofa) Hey! Charlie: Hi! Ross: Hey, how was the Met? Charlie: The museum was amazing! Ross: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh? Charlie: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to    say, and some of it didn't even make any sense. Ross: What do you mean? Charlie: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere    around. Ross: (perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked    into the Met, did you go to the right? Charlie: No, we went to the left. Ross: (shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like    you guys are having a great time together. Charlie: Yeah, it's fun (hesitating). Ross: What? Charlie: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really    know me that well; it would be weird. Ross: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on. Charlie: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy    to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common    with. You know what I mean? Ross: (slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey    a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about    art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else. Charlie: Yeah, I guess that's true. Ross: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all    that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You    know, that's the kind of guy Joey is. Charlie: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot! Ross: That was going to be my next argument. (Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
Joey: Ross!
Joey: I need to talk to you about Charlie.
Joey: Yeah, I'm... I'm kind of having a little problem.
Joey: No, look, you know Charlie, right? She's cool, she's funny, her    body is soo...
Joey: Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've    ever dated! Combined! I don't want her to think I'm stupid!
Joey: (checking) EH, what do you know!
Joey: Right, right, right, well, she wants to go to all this cultural    places and I don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out!
Joey: Please, c'mon, you're the smartest person I know and I really    like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose her.
Joey: Thanks.
Joey: The Metsss!
Joey: (realizing) Oh, that's what she meant! (pause) You know, if they're    gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You know, short for museum,    and avoid all the confusion!
Joey: Ok, all right, so I'll take her to the MET.
Joey: Geez, sounds like you should be going on this date!
Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go way too    fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET, ok?
Joey: You got to tell me exactly what to do there.
Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make    the right (and he bends his arm to the left. Ross then bends Joey's arm to the    right and Joey nods)
(Janice does her "Janice Laugh")  Monica: This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!    (leaves) Chandler: I'd love to stay, but I have eh... (points at the cup) got    a hot date... (starts to leave) Janice: Please... go! (Then shouts after him) Just let me know if you    need a hand! Chandler: (disgusted) I think it just fell off. (Leaves) [Scene: At the Spa, Phoebe is at the half-opened door] Phoebe: (In a strange heavy accent) Hello "ja", it's time    for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole. Rachel: Wow, a Swedish massage from a real Swedish person. (Puts her    head in the hole and Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Okay, then I'm Swedish... Monica: So, what's your name? Phoebe: It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea... Rachel: Oh... what an interesting name. Phoebe: Ja! Rachel: You know I... (lifts her head and tries to look in Phoebe's    direction) Phoebe: (pushes her head back down) Time for your scalp massage! Rachel: (Sees Phoebe's slippers through the hole) Wow... I really love    your... (startled as she realizes those are Phoebe's slippers) Phoebe: Is something wrong? Rachel: No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... (pause)    Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden? Phoebe: (Thinks for a few moments) Uhm... Stockholm. Rachel: Damn! I wish I knew if that was right! [Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Ross in the living room,    rehearsing what Joey will say to Charlie in the Museum] Joey: (gesturing at an imaginary painting) Note the painterly    lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors    as his elusive subject was light itself. Ross: Now, do you have any idea what you just said? Joey: (shaking his head as if to say: of course not!) No, no, my mouth    says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks! Ross: Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt    M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out phonetically for you. Joey: Phonetically? (Looks confused) Ross: Yeah, yeah that means... you know? We just... we don't have time    for this. Joey: Ok. Ross: Ok, but you know what? I gotta say,    I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly! Joey: Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days"    I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy". Ross: Wow. What does that mean? Joey: No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I    guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear". Ross: Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance? Joey: Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish    of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! (Reaches out to touch the    imaginary painting). Ross: Nah ah! Nah ah! (stops him form doing so) No no no! No ad-libbing    and dude, you can't touch the paintings. Joey: Come on! you... (reaches out to touch the imaginary painting again) Ross: No! (Slaps his hand) [Scene: The Fertility Clinic; Chandler walks out one of the rooms] Chandler: (To the nurse at the nurses' station) My specimen is in the    room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there.    Really helped speed the process along! (walks towards the common area and sees    Janice is still there) Janice! You're not... gone? Janice: Oh! Sid is still in his room. I don't allow porn at home so    this is like a vacation for him. So did you do it? Did you make your deposit? Chandler: Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over! Janice: That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes    next, I mean aren't you worried about the results? Chandler: I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet...    I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok. Janice: Oh! Well, you know what? It probably is. Chandler: (Slightly panicky) Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there    is a reason why we can't have a baby? Janice: Oh, Chandler, look. You and Monica are meant to have children.    I am sure it's gonna be just fine. Chandler: (smiling again) oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe    I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to...    come here and do... 'that'... Janice: What, you can do it in the parking lot of a Taco Bell, but you    can't do it at a doctor's office? Chandler: (stares at her intently, then yells) It was a "Wendy's!!    " [Scene: Phoebe and Rachel at the Spa. Phoebe is still massaging    Rachel] Phoebe: (Singing) "Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is    the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking! (looks annoyed) Rachel: Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have    a friend who is a masseuse. Phoebe: Oh, Ja! Ja! Rachel: Yah! She's... uhm... not very good though... (Phoebe looks devastated) Phoebe: Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is? Rachel: I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy    fingers from playing crummy guitar... Phoebe: Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're    such a high maintenance tight ass! Rachel: (now lifts her head) Phoebe!! Phoebe: You know it's me? Rachel: For like a half an hour! Man, you can lie about Sweden! Phoebe: How can you come here? Rachel: How could you not tell me you worked here? Phoebe: I don't have to tell you everything! Rachel: Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel guilty for getting    a free massage! Phoebe: Tips not included. Rachel: Oh! Phoebe, why did you lie to me about working here? Phoebe: Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then    they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know...    you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh!    paying taxes! Rachel: Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there    right now and quit! Be true to what you believe in! Honey, you have principles    and I so admire that! I don't have any! Phoebe: You know what? You are right. I am gonna quit. It's time    I took my life back! Rachel: Good for you Pheebs! Phoebe: Ok. Phoebe: Okay (walks out and closes the door behind her, looks up and    whispers) If you guys have microphones in there too, I didn't mean any    of that. I love you. [Scene: Central Perk. Ross is playing some shoot'em up game on    his laptop] Ross: Haha! Got ya! Die, die, die! (Charlie walks in.)  Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor    R. Geller. (hits &lt;return&gt;, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the    sofa) Hey! Charlie: Hi! Ross: Hey, how was the Met? Charlie: The museum was amazing! Ross: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh? Charlie: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to    say, and some of it didn't even make any sense. Ross: What do you mean? Charlie: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere    around. Ross: (perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked    into the Met, did you go to the right? Charlie: No, we went to the left. Ross: (shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like    you guys are having a great time together. Charlie: Yeah, it's fun (hesitating). Ross: What? Charlie: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really    know me that well; it would be weird. Ross: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on. Charlie: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy    to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common    with. You know what I mean? Ross: (slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey    a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about    art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else. Charlie: Yeah, I guess that's true. Ross: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all    that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You    know, that's the kind of guy Joey is. Charlie: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot! Ross: That was going to be my next argument. (Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
Joey: (gesturing at an imaginary painting) Note the painterly    lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors    as his elusive subject was light itself.
Joey: (shaking his head as if to say: of course not!) No, no, my mouth    says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks!
Joey: Phonetically? (Looks confused)
Joey: Ok.
Joey: Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days"    I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy".
Joey: No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I    guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear".
Joey: Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish    of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! (Reaches out to touch the    imaginary painting).
Joey: Come on! you... (reaches out to touch the imaginary painting again)
(Charlie walks in.)  Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor    R. Geller. (hits &lt;return&gt;, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the    sofa) Hey! Charlie: Hi! Ross: Hey, how was the Met? Charlie: The museum was amazing! Ross: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh? Charlie: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to    say, and some of it didn't even make any sense. Ross: What do you mean? Charlie: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere    around. Ross: (perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked    into the Met, did you go to the right? Charlie: No, we went to the left. Ross: (shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like    you guys are having a great time together. Charlie: Yeah, it's fun (hesitating). Ross: What? Charlie: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really    know me that well; it would be weird. Ross: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on. Charlie: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy    to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common    with. You know what I mean? Ross: (slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey    a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about    art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else. Charlie: Yeah, I guess that's true. Ross: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all    that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You    know, that's the kind of guy Joey is. Charlie: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot! Ross: That was going to be my next argument. (Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
(Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
Joey: Hey!
Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready?
Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up.
Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work.
Joey: So you need someone who knows fashion, to tell you what looks good.
Joey: Oh hey Rach!
Joey: Maybe you could take Charlie shopping.
Joey: Are you kidding? Rachel loves to shop! And she has great taste! Yeah, she's the one who taught me, you don't wear white after labour day and that you always, always, always have to put on underwear when you're trying on clothes.
Joey: (to Charlie) Ok, you're gonna come back with some very classy clothes... (aside to Rachel)... and some slutty lingerie, SLUTTY!
Joey: What's the matter, Pheebs?
Joey: Oh, ain't that nice? The three of you trying on slutty lingerie together.
Joey: Why would you ruin it, who was that hurtin'?
Joey: (to Charlie) Alright, have a good time. (they kiss)
Joey: Just... seeing what it'd be like to be a paleontologist... it's fun, yeah!
Joey: Bye.
Joey: All right, so. How did it go at the fertility clinic?
Joey: So you're ruling out surrogacy?
Joey: So, I don't have to learn what that means?
Joey: Enough said, I'm there for you man. Where is she, upstairs?
Joey: Come on Ross, be a good guy. Step up and do it!
Joey: Hello?
Joey: No. no... eh... she went shopping with Rachel. Why? What's up?
Joey: Oh! How's it going?
Joey: What!? But I already bought my ticket to Bermuda!
Joey: Fine, I'll rent a car and drive...! Ross, you have to get that job!
Joey: Well, just wake him up!
Joey: Uh! That's a tough one. Oh! Wait a minute, this happened to me before! Yeah, I was auditioning for a play and the producer fell asleep and... (pause) no wait a minute... it was me who fell asleep... Yeah I mean hey, Shakespeare, how about a chase scene once in a while!?
Joey: (impressed) Wow! You look... (drops the cookie)... stop-eating hot! Which is like the highest level of hotness!
Joey: Then don't go!
Joey: Alright, then you go to that party and you pretend to be over Mike. And afterward you come to my place and I'll get you good and drunk!
Joey: (entering) Hey! I'm all packed and ready to go!
Joey: Mmh-mmh.
Joey: Barbados!
Joey: All right, let's do it! 5 hour flight with Charlie, have a couple of drinks, get under that blanket and do what comes naturally.
Joey: I know, there are gonna be some pasty folks by the pool tomorrow! (A woman goes towards them)
Joey: (to Charlie) I think I've been recognized, this happens all the time!
Joey: That... never happens...
Joey: No, God, no! No! No no, I'm an actor. You'd probably recognize me from a little show called "The Days of Our Lives".
Joey: (thinking he's kidding) Ok, Ross! It's... It's fun, yeah! No, I-I play Doctor Drake Ramoray.
Joey: You don't own a TV? What's all your furniture pointed at??
Joey: Yeah! How you doin'? Yeah alright!
Joey: Hey, hey! You said you're gonna wear a thong, where's the thong?
Joey: You really should have been more clear about that!
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Oh! ah! eh... Britney Spears!?
Joey: You could say: "Hey Kenny, how come you're not Britney Spears?" (looks at Ross matter-of-factly)
Joey: Wha...? You're gonna go now? I thought we could hang out?
Joey: (smiling) Will you wear a thong?
Joey: Oh... you got yourself a very weird deal!
Joey: Yeah, yeah. I've got tons of stuff I could do. I'm gonna hit the beach, go swimming...
Joey: No, why?
Joey: Oh man!
Joey: I wasn't gonna swim, I was gonna dig a hole! (removes a small plastic spade used by children to play on the beach from his backpack)
Joey: Oh! Hey! Thank God you guys are here!
Joey: Everything is upside down here! It rains all day long, nobody watches tv and Ross is famous!
Joey: Come on, I'll show you guys where to check in (Joey, Chandler and David leave)
Joey: Hey guys!
Joey: Damnit!
Joey: Oh what, did someone outbid you for the teapot? (Chandler looks annoyed at him and Joey leans in to him) Oh! Secret teapot?
Joey: It's really gone?
Joey: I could teach you a speech that I memorized for auditions.
Joey: Hey don't worry about that! I mean, Ross needs you! And Rachel and I will stay and help anyway we can.
Joey: Oh, oh! Any chance any of this happened in a "Galaxy far, far away"? (Ross turns aroud and glares at him. Joey and Rachel decide to leave).
Joey: I'm so bored! Stupid rain, we... we can't do anything.
Joey: Hey, it hasn't come to that yet.
Joey: (stopping the waiter) Hey hey hey! Don't mind if I do!
Joey: Hey Rach, do you feel like going to a convention?
Joey: (walking to a table with many badges on it) I know we're not, but (he picks up a badge) Frank Medeio and... (picks up another badge) Eva Trorro... womba...
Joey: Kate Miller it is. (he picks up the Kate Miller badge and sticks it on Rachel's breast)
Joey: In that case should I make sure it's on real good? (he does so, repeatedly tapping on her breast and stroking it)
Joey: Well, who knew? Pharmacists are fun.
Joey: Not enough pills in the world, Rach. What about you, you're the single one, seen anybody in there you like?
Joey: But what about back home, anything going on there? Anybody you like?
Joey: There it is, you're blushing!
Joey: You like someone. Tell me who it is. Who is it? (tickles her a little)
Joey: Tell me who it is.
Joey: Come on who? Who do you like? Tell me. You're not getting away that easy. Who do you like, who?
Joey: What? Why not? Rach, who can you not get?
Joey: (eagerly) Yeah, who is that?
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Right, of course. Hey, did you guys finish the speech?
Joey: Alright, hey look, and this isn't over, because I really wanna know who...
Joey: Yeah. (they leave)
Joey: Night.
Joey: He said "erectus"!
Joey: No, he really said it.
Joey: Erectus?
Joey: Yeah, and so funny!
Joey: Hey! (stands up) As soon as it stops raining we have got to go snorkeling! Some kid told me about the sea turtle and, if you blow bubbles in its face, it chases ya! (smiles ecstatic)
Joey: (disappointed) Oh... oh, but that's ok, I'll find someone else to do it... I'll do it alone, but... I don't know what happens if the sea turtle catches you...
Joey: (interrupting her) Hey! Don't worry about it! It was fine! I ended up having the best time with Rachel! I just felt bad for you, stuck in that room, working on Ross's speech... (pulls a face)
Joey: (bewildered) Oh! Oh, well! At least we're both having fun!
Joey: Yeah! A little bit, yeah...
Joey: Yeah... I think we do... (sighs, with folded arms)... about what?
Joey: (downhearted) Hey...
Joey: Uh... Charlie and I broke up.
Joey: Oh well, she said we have nothing in common.
Joey: No, it's not, we have nothing in common!
Joey: I mean, she should be with someone like... Ross! You know what I mean, he uses all those big words too! Man, smart people are dull!
Joey: (laughing sarcastically) Ok, Rach!
Joey: I feel so stupid, you know? Why... why do I keep going after the wrong girls?
Joey: Oh, c'mon, I mean, there's you, then there's Charlie, and it's like... (sighs) What the hell is my problem? OH! (He falls back on the bed)
Joey: (sitting up again) I'm telling you, Rach, Charlie is not right for me!
Joey: But then who? The waitress I went out with last month? (gives her a meaningful look)
Joey: (stands up) No-no-no-no, no! Who, who were you talking about?
Joey: Ok! All right, well... I'm gonna see if I can get a room for the night and I'll... I'll see you later!
Joey: You like me? (shuts the door)
Joey: (shocked) That's a huge thing!
Joey: What... for how long?
Joey: (outraged) A MONTH??
Joey: (stands up) I just have one question!
Joey: (desperate) What the hell are you doin'???
Joey: Uh, am I curious? I mean, I am as curious as... as... George!!
Joey: CURIOUS GEORGE (see link)! You know, the monkey, and the guy with the yellow hat!
Joey: Yeah, he had a paper route.
Joey: No, I know, yeah I know we're great but Rach no... this... this can't happen!
Joey: (charmed, but then recoiling) NO, NO! It can't happen at all!
Joey: Because... look, no one wants this to happen more than me, ok? (in a trembling voice) I have gone over this moment in my head a hundred times and not once did I ever say no! (sighs) I couldn't do it to Ross!
Joey: I know, I know! But I've thought about it a lot since, and it just wouldn't be right... (painfully) I'm sorry...!
Joey: NO! No-no-no-no-no-no! Hey! Hey, we'll be fine! Li... hey, like you said: no big deal!
Joey: NO BIG DEAL!
Joey: Yeah! I'll see ya later! Yeah!
Written by: Brian Buckner   Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment] Chandler: So, you and Rachel tonight, huh? Joey: Yeah. It's actually our first official date  Chandler: Wow! So tonight may be the night! You're nervous? Joey: Naa, no. This is the part I'm actually good at. Chandler: What must it be like not to be crippled by fear   and self-loathing. Joey: (pause) It's OK! Chandler: How can you be so confident? Joey: Well, I... I know exactly what I'm gonna do! Chandler: Really? Like you have a routine? Joey: No, no no no no. See. Each woman is different.You have   to appreciate their uniqueness. Chandler: Really? Joey: No, I do six things! First, I look deep in her eyes.   Then, I kiss her. Next I take my hand and I softly graze her thigh. Chandler: You mean like this? (he starts touching his thigh   in a funny and awkard way) Joey: NO! Not like that, no no. No, like this. (He starts   lightly grazing Chandler's thigh) Chandler: Oh, I see what you mean, that's quite nice. (They   look at each other, both embarassed) Joey: More foosball? Chandler: ...and beer!!  OPENING CREDITS  [Scene:Central Perk. Ross and Chandler are on the couch] Monica: (entering) Hey! Ross and Chandler: Hey! Monica: (to Chandler) Hey sweetie! (they   kiss) Ross: (looking at Monica's legs) WOW! Chandler: Hey! Stop staring at my wife's legs! No no! Stop   staring at your sister's legs! Ross: I'm sorry, it's just... how did you get so tan? Chandler: She went on one of those spray-on tan places. Ross: Eh, you got a spray-on tan? Monica: Chandler gets pedicures! Ross: (laughing) Why, why you do, like with the-the toe separators? Chandler: (To Monica) Why...why? Ross: Still, I can't believe that's sprayed on... I mean,   it looks really good. I wonder if I should get one! Chandler: Sure, then you should get a mini skirt so you can   really show it off. Ross: So, do you get colours or just French tips? Monica: There. Here's their card. Ross: Thanks. (he takes the card) Hey, I know where this   place is! It used to be an X-rated video... (pauses when he realizes what he   is saying) florist. (he goes away) (Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Hey! Chandler: Hey Pheebs! Monica: Hey Phoebe! Phoebe: Oh, you won't believe who moved back to town. Monica: I know, Amanda! Ah! She called me   too! She's the worst! Chandler: Who's Amanda? Monica: She's this girl who used to live   in the building before you did. Then she moved to England and she picked up   this fake British accent. On the machine this is her message. (she apes Amanda   using an awful British accent) "Monica, darling! It's Amanda calling!" Chandler: Are you trying to do a British accent? Monica: (pause) (to Phoebe) Chandler gets   pedicures! Chandler: Just so I know, how many more of those can I expect? Phoebe: You know what Amanda said to me when she got me on   the phone? (apes Amanda in a british accent) "Oh, so sorry to catch you   on your Mo-Bile!" If-if you don't wanna get me on my mo-Bile, don't call   me on my mo-Bile!" Monica: I know, and she's always bragging   about all the famous people she's met. Phoebe: Oh, I know! "Oh...I slept with Billy Joel".   All right, who hasn't? Monica: Oh, what are we gonna do! I don't   wanna see her!! Phoebe: Ugh, Let's just cut her out! Monica: What? Phoebe: Cut her out of our lives! Just ignore her calls and   dodge her 'till she gets the point! Monica: Oh, I guess we could try that, but...   it seems so harsh! (to Chandler) Have you ever done that? Chandler: No, had it done to me though. Feels good !  [Scene: At the tanning salon. Ross and a male assistant are   walking through a hall] Assistant: Alright Mr. Geller! Right this way! So, how dark do you wanna be? We have one, two or three. Ross: Well... I like how you look, what are you? Assistant: Puerto Rican. Ross: Two, I think a two. Assistant: You've got to face the red light.   When the red light goes on the spraying is about to start so close your eyes.   When the spraying stops, count to five. Pat yourself down to avoid drip marks   then turn around so we can get your back. Got it? Ross: Spray, count, pat, then turn, spray, count and pat. Assistant: Wow, you catch on quick. Ross: Well, I have a PhD, so... (assistant walk out, not   impressed by this statement)   (Ross takes his bathrobe off and he enters the tanning booth. He stands up   in front of the red light and the sprayer starts and sprays his face and torso) Ross: One Mississipi, two Mississipi, Three Mis...(the sprayer   starts again, spraying him in the face and torso again) WAIT! WAIT! I'm not-I've   not finished counting!! (he leaves the booth) (the assistant enters the room) Ross: You sprayed my front twice! Assistant: You've never turned?  Ross: No, I barely even   got to three Mississippi.  Assistant: Mississippi? I said count to   five'! Ross: Mississippilesly? (pause) Well, how   bad is it? Assistant: Ain't that bad yet, but it keeps   getting darker for the next four hours. Ross: So, how dark is it   gonna get? Assistant: You got sprayed with two two'   s and... Ross: I'm a four? Assistant: Yeah, but you're back's a zero.   You're gonna wanna even that out. Ross: (sarcastically) Really! Assistant: You might wanna get back in there. Ross: (annoyed) Ok! (The assistant leaves and Ross goes back in the spray-on tan booth and turns   his back to the spray nozzles, facing the back wall) Ross: Wait, wait a minute, there's no light   on the back wall! How do I know when it's gonna start? Hello? (he slowly turns   and the spraying begins, on his face) Ah, oh, ah! (he turns, but then he turns   again and is sprayed in the front again) Ah! (he spits and angrily goes out   of the spray-on tan booth and the assistant enters the room) The same thing   happened again! Assistant: You got two more twos? Ross: (hysterically) I'm an eight! [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Joey and Rachel enter the room] Rachel: Thanks for dinner. Joey: I thought you paid. (Rachel does not answer and seems   puzzled) Ha, guess we won’t be going back there! Rachel: So. Joey: Yeah. (Joey and Rachel start kissing) Joey: Hey what do you say, we move this onto the likes of   the couch? Rachel: I say ‘cheesy line’, but ok. (They move on the couch and start kissing again. Joey does his grazing on   Rachel’s thigh and she slaps his hand) Joey: What’s the matter? Rachel: I am sorry, I don’t know, I am sorry, I don’t   know why I did that! Joey and Rachel: Okay Rachel: Ok, so sorry. (They start kissing again and, when Joey grazes her thigh, she slaps him on   his hand again) Rachel: I am sorry! Again... I don't know, I don’t   know what happened, I must be nervous! Joey: I don’t get it, Chandler loved it! Rachel: Ok, ok, ok. I promise, I promise, I promise, I won’t   do it again. I really do. I promise. This is gonna be great. Joey: Ok. (They start kissing again and when Joey grazes, she slaps him three times,   on the hand, and on both cheeks) Joey: (a little giddy) Uh, was that good for you? [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Monica and Phoebe are reading   magazines when the phone rings and Phoebe reaches to pick it up] Monica: (to Phoebe) No, no, don’t get it. Let the machine pick up. Phoebe: Oh, yeah. Could be Rachel asking if someone could   baby-sit again. Monica: It could be Amanda! Phoebe: Oh, you’re right! I was just kidding about   Rachel. Babysitting is a gas! (The machine picks up the phone) Amanda: Hello Monica. It’s Amanda calling again. I   am in the neighborhood hoping I can pop by your flat! Monica: You're from Yonkers! Your last name   is Buffo-Martisis! Amanda: Let’s see.. to assure you get this directly,   ring me back on my mobile. Phoebe: Ok, don’t hold thy breath! (Sound of dialing numbers is heard from the speaker of the machine) Chandler: Hello? Is someone on the line? Amanda: Yes, I was looking for Monica. Chandler: Hang on, she’s right here. (he enters the   living room and hands the phone to Monica) Someone's on the phone, for ya. Monica: We weren’t picking up, it’s   Amanda! Chandler: (to Amanda) I get pedicures! Monica: Hi Amanda! Actually now... it’s...   is not a good time. Dinner tomorrow night? (Phoebe mouths 'no') Ok, Phoebe   and I will see you then! Phoebe: Why, why, why didn’t you just say no! Monica: Well, I said 'no' to her coming   over now! I couldn’t say 'no' twice! I get this uncontrollable need to   please people! Phoebe: (leaving) Fine, fine! You would not hold up well   under torture! Monica: And you would? Phoebe: I did! [scene: Joey’s apartment. Joey and Rachel are sitting   on the couch] Joey: Rach, you sure you wanna do this? Rachel: Absolutely! Absolutely. I d... it’s just a   little weird, it’s you, and it’s me, it's just gonna take some   getting used to. Joey: Ok. Well, how, how can we make it easier? Rachel: Ok, let’s work from the top down! (Joey nods,   but then puzzled because he does not get it) Just work the bra, Joe! Joey: Ok, yeah, got it. Rachel and Joey: Okay. (They start kissing and Joey starts to undo her bra, but fails completely) Joey: This thing welded shut?! Rachel: Okay. Joey: All right, turn around, I got to get a look at this   thing. Rachel: Oh! (Joey starts trying to undo her bra, but it won’t go.The elastic band   snaps back, hurting Rachel.) Rachel: Ow! Joey: Sorry! Rachel: Well this is romantic! Joey: I'm sorry! (He stands up) This never happened to me   before! I'm an expert at taking off bras! I can do it with one hand! I can   do it with my eyes closed! One time I just looked at one, and it popped open!   I blame your bra! Rachel: It’s a standard issue bra clasp! Joey: Then I blame you! Yeah! That's right! You threw me   off with all your slapping! Rachel: Ok well, well I'm really, I'm sorry about that Joey,   but do you think that maybe on some level, you don't want to take   off my bra? Joey: (contemplates for a few moments what Rachel just said)   NAH! I don't have another level!!  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] (Chandler is at the table reading; Monica puts some food for him on the table. Ross walks in looking very tanned. Chandler and Monica look up at him smiling.)  Chandler: Hold on! There is something different. Ross: I went to that tanning place your wife suggested. Chandler: Was that place... The Sun? Ross: Oh! And it gets worse! (Turns his side to Chandler   and Monica and pulls up his shirt. There's a distinct line across his body,   where his belly is very tanned and his back is very pale.) Chandler: Oh My God! You can do a duet of Ebony and Ivory   all by yourself! Monica: How could you mess this up? It's   so easy? You go into the booth, you count to five and you turn around!! Ross: (looks at her suspiciously) How do you count to five? Monica: One Two Three... Ross: (Yells) Damnit! (Goes to the door to leave. Rachel   just enters, sees him and starts laughing) Rachel: (laughing) oooh! Oh oh! Ross: (Still yelling) I Know! Rachel: oh oh! What is up with Miss Hawaiian Tropic? Chandler: How was your date with Joey? Rachel: Well, it was good.. until we got back to our apartment,   and then we were fooling around and he started to put his hand up my leg and   I kept slapping it away! Chandler: You didn't like that? Rachel: Well, it wasn't just me, alright? He freaked out   too! He couldn't even undo my bra! Monica: Wow, really? One time he just looked   at my bra and it popped open. (Chandler starts looking at her bra) Rachel: I do not know what's wrong with us, I mean, we have   kissed before and that's been great! But this time it was leading somewhere   and I was very aware of the fact that it was Joey touching me. Monica: Well, you guys have been friends   forever. Remember the first time that you kissed Ross? How weird that was?   You couldn't stop laughing? You got through that. Rachel: (looking thoughtful) Ok, that's true. That's true,   we can do this. You're right, you're right, we can do this. We're just gonna   power through! (Joey walks in) Joey: Hey Chandler can I talk to you for a second (points   to the hall). Rachel: (To Joey) No need!! Problem solved, we are powering through   (At which point she grabs his hand and pulls him back to their apartment). (Chandler resumes staring at Monica's bra) Monica: (sees what he is doing) Chandler,   stop! It is not going to pop open! Chandler: (without taking his eyes off the bra) You don't   know! (Monica just smiles) [Scene: Central Perk.] (Phoebe is sitting on the couch. Monica walks in.) Monica: Hey Phoebe! Phoebe: Hey! Monica: Is Amanda here yet? Phoebe: No. Monica: (sits down) Oh good. Good, look   I'm so sorry, for screwing up that cutting-her-out plan. But I have a new plan.   Chandler agreed to call here in a few minutes with an emergency. Phoebe: Oh! Well, what kind of emergency that gets us both   out of here? Monica: Well, what do you think of Mike   and Chandler being in a car accident? Phoebe: (makes a face) Are you kidding, I love it! (A blonde woman walks in. Supposedly Amanda) Phoebe: Hi! Monica: Hi! Amanda: Hi! (Phoebe and Amanda hug) Amanda: (To Monica) Hello! (Monica holds her hands out for a hug, but instead of hugging her, Amanda   hangs her purse on one of Monica's extended arms.) Amanda: (In a fake British accent) It's so nice to see you!   Both of you! Look at me. Look how young I look! (gives her coat to Monica as   well) Oh gosh! We have so much to catch up on! But first things first: touch   my abs (at which point she grabs both Phoebe and Monica's hands and places   them both on her stomach) I don't exercise at all! (she pulls them down to   sit.) Oh gosh, so Monica, you're married! Monica: (beaming) Yeah! Yeah! His name is   Chandler and... Amanda: (To Phoebe) Smell my neck! (Phoebe does so) It's   not perfume! It's me! It's my natural scent! (Monica looks shocked) Phoebe: Musty! Amanda: Oh! Gosh! This is brilliant. Gosh, it's just like   old times. I'm so happy you two are friends again! Monica: When were we not friends? Amanda: Well, it was 1992, and I remember because that was   the year I had sex with Evil Knievel (She starts laughing very proudly). Monica: Ehm, we were friends in 1992. Amanda: (to Phoebe) No I distinctly remember you were dodging   her (points at Monica) calls and trying to avoid seeing her.  Monica: (To Phoebe) You were going to cut   me out? Phoebe: Well...kinda. Monica: Oh My God! Amanda: Oh! Bugger. Should I not have said that? I feel like   a perfect arse! Phoebe: Yeah well, in America you're just an "ass". (Monica's mobile starts ringing. She picks it up.) Monica: (Into the phone) Hello? Chandler,   what's wrong? (She listens) Oh my God, are you alright? (listens some more)   Yeah, I'll be right there. (She hangs up and speaks to Amanda) I'm so sorry,   but Chandler was in a car accident. (She gets up) Phoebe: (Also gets up and starts taking her purse) Oh my   God. Was Mike with him? Monica: Nope! (She turns and leaves) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Joey comes running in.) Joey: (To Rachel) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Got champagne? Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through! Rachel: Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone   is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove   her bra from under her clothes)... Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)  Rachel: Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very   sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright!   Lets do it! Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit. Rachel: Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She   pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like   that huh? Joey: Oh! yeah! Rachel: You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively,   putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She   pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between   his legs and begins to kiss his neck.) Joey: uh uh! Rachel: Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it! Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters! Rachel: What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok? Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Joey: Yeah. It's actually our first official date 
Joey: Naa, no. This is the part I'm actually good at.
Joey: (pause) It's OK!
Joey: Well, I... I know exactly what I'm gonna do!
Joey: No, no no no no. See. Each woman is different.You have   to appreciate their uniqueness.
Joey: No, I do six things! First, I look deep in her eyes.   Then, I kiss her. Next I take my hand and I softly graze her thigh.
Joey: NO! Not like that, no no. No, like this. (He starts   lightly grazing Chandler's thigh)
Joey: More foosball?
Joey: I thought you paid. (Rachel does not answer and seems   puzzled) Ha, guess we won’t be going back there!
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: Hey what do you say, we move this onto the likes of   the couch?
Joey: What’s the matter?
Joey: I don’t get it, Chandler loved it!
Joey: Ok.
Joey: (a little giddy) Uh, was that good for you? [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Monica and Phoebe are reading   magazines when the phone rings and Phoebe reaches to pick it up] Monica: (to Phoebe) No, no, don’t get it. Let the machine pick up. Phoebe: Oh, yeah. Could be Rachel asking if someone could   baby-sit again. Monica: It could be Amanda! Phoebe: Oh, you’re right! I was just kidding about   Rachel. Babysitting is a gas! (The machine picks up the phone) Amanda: Hello Monica. It’s Amanda calling again. I   am in the neighborhood hoping I can pop by your flat! Monica: You're from Yonkers! Your last name   is Buffo-Martisis! Amanda: Let’s see.. to assure you get this directly,   ring me back on my mobile. Phoebe: Ok, don’t hold thy breath! (Sound of dialing numbers is heard from the speaker of the machine) Chandler: Hello? Is someone on the line? Amanda: Yes, I was looking for Monica. Chandler: Hang on, she’s right here. (he enters the   living room and hands the phone to Monica) Someone's on the phone, for ya. Monica: We weren’t picking up, it’s   Amanda! Chandler: (to Amanda) I get pedicures! Monica: Hi Amanda! Actually now... it’s...   is not a good time. Dinner tomorrow night? (Phoebe mouths 'no') Ok, Phoebe   and I will see you then! Phoebe: Why, why, why didn’t you just say no! Monica: Well, I said 'no' to her coming   over now! I couldn’t say 'no' twice! I get this uncontrollable need to   please people! Phoebe: (leaving) Fine, fine! You would not hold up well   under torture! Monica: And you would? Phoebe: I did! [scene: Joey’s apartment. Joey and Rachel are sitting   on the couch] Joey: Rach, you sure you wanna do this? Rachel: Absolutely! Absolutely. I d... it’s just a   little weird, it’s you, and it’s me, it's just gonna take some   getting used to. Joey: Ok. Well, how, how can we make it easier? Rachel: Ok, let’s work from the top down! (Joey nods,   but then puzzled because he does not get it) Just work the bra, Joe! Joey: Ok, yeah, got it. Rachel and Joey: Okay. (They start kissing and Joey starts to undo her bra, but fails completely) Joey: This thing welded shut?! Rachel: Okay. Joey: All right, turn around, I got to get a look at this   thing. Rachel: Oh! (Joey starts trying to undo her bra, but it won’t go.The elastic band   snaps back, hurting Rachel.) Rachel: Ow! Joey: Sorry! Rachel: Well this is romantic! Joey: I'm sorry! (He stands up) This never happened to me   before! I'm an expert at taking off bras! I can do it with one hand! I can   do it with my eyes closed! One time I just looked at one, and it popped open!   I blame your bra! Rachel: It’s a standard issue bra clasp! Joey: Then I blame you! Yeah! That's right! You threw me   off with all your slapping! Rachel: Ok well, well I'm really, I'm sorry about that Joey,   but do you think that maybe on some level, you don't want to take   off my bra? Joey: (contemplates for a few moments what Rachel just said)   NAH! I don't have another level!!  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] (Chandler is at the table reading; Monica puts some food for him on the table. Ross walks in looking very tanned. Chandler and Monica look up at him smiling.)  Chandler: Hold on! There is something different. Ross: I went to that tanning place your wife suggested. Chandler: Was that place... The Sun? Ross: Oh! And it gets worse! (Turns his side to Chandler   and Monica and pulls up his shirt. There's a distinct line across his body,   where his belly is very tanned and his back is very pale.) Chandler: Oh My God! You can do a duet of Ebony and Ivory   all by yourself! Monica: How could you mess this up? It's   so easy? You go into the booth, you count to five and you turn around!! Ross: (looks at her suspiciously) How do you count to five? Monica: One Two Three... Ross: (Yells) Damnit! (Goes to the door to leave. Rachel   just enters, sees him and starts laughing) Rachel: (laughing) oooh! Oh oh! Ross: (Still yelling) I Know! Rachel: oh oh! What is up with Miss Hawaiian Tropic? Chandler: How was your date with Joey? Rachel: Well, it was good.. until we got back to our apartment,   and then we were fooling around and he started to put his hand up my leg and   I kept slapping it away! Chandler: You didn't like that? Rachel: Well, it wasn't just me, alright? He freaked out   too! He couldn't even undo my bra! Monica: Wow, really? One time he just looked   at my bra and it popped open. (Chandler starts looking at her bra) Rachel: I do not know what's wrong with us, I mean, we have   kissed before and that's been great! But this time it was leading somewhere   and I was very aware of the fact that it was Joey touching me. Monica: Well, you guys have been friends   forever. Remember the first time that you kissed Ross? How weird that was?   You couldn't stop laughing? You got through that. Rachel: (looking thoughtful) Ok, that's true. That's true,   we can do this. You're right, you're right, we can do this. We're just gonna   power through! (Joey walks in) Joey: Hey Chandler can I talk to you for a second (points   to the hall). Rachel: (To Joey) No need!! Problem solved, we are powering through   (At which point she grabs his hand and pulls him back to their apartment). (Chandler resumes staring at Monica's bra) Monica: (sees what he is doing) Chandler,   stop! It is not going to pop open! Chandler: (without taking his eyes off the bra) You don't   know! (Monica just smiles) [Scene: Central Perk.] (Phoebe is sitting on the couch. Monica walks in.) Monica: Hey Phoebe! Phoebe: Hey! Monica: Is Amanda here yet? Phoebe: No. Monica: (sits down) Oh good. Good, look   I'm so sorry, for screwing up that cutting-her-out plan. But I have a new plan.   Chandler agreed to call here in a few minutes with an emergency. Phoebe: Oh! Well, what kind of emergency that gets us both   out of here? Monica: Well, what do you think of Mike   and Chandler being in a car accident? Phoebe: (makes a face) Are you kidding, I love it! (A blonde woman walks in. Supposedly Amanda) Phoebe: Hi! Monica: Hi! Amanda: Hi! (Phoebe and Amanda hug) Amanda: (To Monica) Hello! (Monica holds her hands out for a hug, but instead of hugging her, Amanda   hangs her purse on one of Monica's extended arms.) Amanda: (In a fake British accent) It's so nice to see you!   Both of you! Look at me. Look how young I look! (gives her coat to Monica as   well) Oh gosh! We have so much to catch up on! But first things first: touch   my abs (at which point she grabs both Phoebe and Monica's hands and places   them both on her stomach) I don't exercise at all! (she pulls them down to   sit.) Oh gosh, so Monica, you're married! Monica: (beaming) Yeah! Yeah! His name is   Chandler and... Amanda: (To Phoebe) Smell my neck! (Phoebe does so) It's   not perfume! It's me! It's my natural scent! (Monica looks shocked) Phoebe: Musty! Amanda: Oh! Gosh! This is brilliant. Gosh, it's just like   old times. I'm so happy you two are friends again! Monica: When were we not friends? Amanda: Well, it was 1992, and I remember because that was   the year I had sex with Evil Knievel (She starts laughing very proudly). Monica: Ehm, we were friends in 1992. Amanda: (to Phoebe) No I distinctly remember you were dodging   her (points at Monica) calls and trying to avoid seeing her.  Monica: (To Phoebe) You were going to cut   me out? Phoebe: Well...kinda. Monica: Oh My God! Amanda: Oh! Bugger. Should I not have said that? I feel like   a perfect arse! Phoebe: Yeah well, in America you're just an "ass". (Monica's mobile starts ringing. She picks it up.) Monica: (Into the phone) Hello? Chandler,   what's wrong? (She listens) Oh my God, are you alright? (listens some more)   Yeah, I'll be right there. (She hangs up and speaks to Amanda) I'm so sorry,   but Chandler was in a car accident. (She gets up) Phoebe: (Also gets up and starts taking her purse) Oh my   God. Was Mike with him? Monica: Nope! (She turns and leaves) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Joey comes running in.) Joey: (To Rachel) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Got champagne? Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through! Rachel: Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone   is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove   her bra from under her clothes)... Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)  Rachel: Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very   sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright!   Lets do it! Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit. Rachel: Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She   pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like   that huh? Joey: Oh! yeah! Rachel: You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively,   putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She   pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between   his legs and begins to kiss his neck.) Joey: uh uh! Rachel: Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it! Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters! Rachel: What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok? Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Phoebe: I did! [scene: Joey’s apartment. Joey and Rachel are sitting   on the couch] Joey: Rach, you sure you wanna do this? Rachel: Absolutely! Absolutely. I d... it’s just a   little weird, it’s you, and it’s me, it's just gonna take some   getting used to. Joey: Ok. Well, how, how can we make it easier? Rachel: Ok, let’s work from the top down! (Joey nods,   but then puzzled because he does not get it) Just work the bra, Joe! Joey: Ok, yeah, got it. Rachel and Joey: Okay. (They start kissing and Joey starts to undo her bra, but fails completely) Joey: This thing welded shut?! Rachel: Okay. Joey: All right, turn around, I got to get a look at this   thing. Rachel: Oh! (Joey starts trying to undo her bra, but it won’t go.The elastic band   snaps back, hurting Rachel.) Rachel: Ow! Joey: Sorry! Rachel: Well this is romantic! Joey: I'm sorry! (He stands up) This never happened to me   before! I'm an expert at taking off bras! I can do it with one hand! I can   do it with my eyes closed! One time I just looked at one, and it popped open!   I blame your bra! Rachel: It’s a standard issue bra clasp! Joey: Then I blame you! Yeah! That's right! You threw me   off with all your slapping! Rachel: Ok well, well I'm really, I'm sorry about that Joey,   but do you think that maybe on some level, you don't want to take   off my bra? Joey: (contemplates for a few moments what Rachel just said)   NAH! I don't have another level!!  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] (Chandler is at the table reading; Monica puts some food for him on the table. Ross walks in looking very tanned. Chandler and Monica look up at him smiling.)  Chandler: Hold on! There is something different. Ross: I went to that tanning place your wife suggested. Chandler: Was that place... The Sun? Ross: Oh! And it gets worse! (Turns his side to Chandler   and Monica and pulls up his shirt. There's a distinct line across his body,   where his belly is very tanned and his back is very pale.) Chandler: Oh My God! You can do a duet of Ebony and Ivory   all by yourself! Monica: How could you mess this up? It's   so easy? You go into the booth, you count to five and you turn around!! Ross: (looks at her suspiciously) How do you count to five? Monica: One Two Three... Ross: (Yells) Damnit! (Goes to the door to leave. Rachel   just enters, sees him and starts laughing) Rachel: (laughing) oooh! Oh oh! Ross: (Still yelling) I Know! Rachel: oh oh! What is up with Miss Hawaiian Tropic? Chandler: How was your date with Joey? Rachel: Well, it was good.. until we got back to our apartment,   and then we were fooling around and he started to put his hand up my leg and   I kept slapping it away! Chandler: You didn't like that? Rachel: Well, it wasn't just me, alright? He freaked out   too! He couldn't even undo my bra! Monica: Wow, really? One time he just looked   at my bra and it popped open. (Chandler starts looking at her bra) Rachel: I do not know what's wrong with us, I mean, we have   kissed before and that's been great! But this time it was leading somewhere   and I was very aware of the fact that it was Joey touching me. Monica: Well, you guys have been friends   forever. Remember the first time that you kissed Ross? How weird that was?   You couldn't stop laughing? You got through that. Rachel: (looking thoughtful) Ok, that's true. That's true,   we can do this. You're right, you're right, we can do this. We're just gonna   power through! (Joey walks in) Joey: Hey Chandler can I talk to you for a second (points   to the hall). Rachel: (To Joey) No need!! Problem solved, we are powering through   (At which point she grabs his hand and pulls him back to their apartment). (Chandler resumes staring at Monica's bra) Monica: (sees what he is doing) Chandler,   stop! It is not going to pop open! Chandler: (without taking his eyes off the bra) You don't   know! (Monica just smiles) [Scene: Central Perk.] (Phoebe is sitting on the couch. Monica walks in.) Monica: Hey Phoebe! Phoebe: Hey! Monica: Is Amanda here yet? Phoebe: No. Monica: (sits down) Oh good. Good, look   I'm so sorry, for screwing up that cutting-her-out plan. But I have a new plan.   Chandler agreed to call here in a few minutes with an emergency. Phoebe: Oh! Well, what kind of emergency that gets us both   out of here? Monica: Well, what do you think of Mike   and Chandler being in a car accident? Phoebe: (makes a face) Are you kidding, I love it! (A blonde woman walks in. Supposedly Amanda) Phoebe: Hi! Monica: Hi! Amanda: Hi! (Phoebe and Amanda hug) Amanda: (To Monica) Hello! (Monica holds her hands out for a hug, but instead of hugging her, Amanda   hangs her purse on one of Monica's extended arms.) Amanda: (In a fake British accent) It's so nice to see you!   Both of you! Look at me. Look how young I look! (gives her coat to Monica as   well) Oh gosh! We have so much to catch up on! But first things first: touch   my abs (at which point she grabs both Phoebe and Monica's hands and places   them both on her stomach) I don't exercise at all! (she pulls them down to   sit.) Oh gosh, so Monica, you're married! Monica: (beaming) Yeah! Yeah! His name is   Chandler and... Amanda: (To Phoebe) Smell my neck! (Phoebe does so) It's   not perfume! It's me! It's my natural scent! (Monica looks shocked) Phoebe: Musty! Amanda: Oh! Gosh! This is brilliant. Gosh, it's just like   old times. I'm so happy you two are friends again! Monica: When were we not friends? Amanda: Well, it was 1992, and I remember because that was   the year I had sex with Evil Knievel (She starts laughing very proudly). Monica: Ehm, we were friends in 1992. Amanda: (to Phoebe) No I distinctly remember you were dodging   her (points at Monica) calls and trying to avoid seeing her.  Monica: (To Phoebe) You were going to cut   me out? Phoebe: Well...kinda. Monica: Oh My God! Amanda: Oh! Bugger. Should I not have said that? I feel like   a perfect arse! Phoebe: Yeah well, in America you're just an "ass". (Monica's mobile starts ringing. She picks it up.) Monica: (Into the phone) Hello? Chandler,   what's wrong? (She listens) Oh my God, are you alright? (listens some more)   Yeah, I'll be right there. (She hangs up and speaks to Amanda) I'm so sorry,   but Chandler was in a car accident. (She gets up) Phoebe: (Also gets up and starts taking her purse) Oh my   God. Was Mike with him? Monica: Nope! (She turns and leaves) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Joey comes running in.) Joey: (To Rachel) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Got champagne? Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through! Rachel: Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone   is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove   her bra from under her clothes)... Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)  Rachel: Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very   sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright!   Lets do it! Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit. Rachel: Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She   pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like   that huh? Joey: Oh! yeah! Rachel: You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively,   putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She   pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between   his legs and begins to kiss his neck.) Joey: uh uh! Rachel: Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it! Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters! Rachel: What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok? Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Joey: Ok. Well, how, how can we make it easier?
Joey: Ok, yeah, got it.
Rachel and Joey: Okay.
Joey: This thing welded shut?!
Joey: All right, turn around, I got to get a look at this   thing.
Joey: Sorry!
Joey: I'm sorry! (He stands up) This never happened to me   before! I'm an expert at taking off bras! I can do it with one hand! I can   do it with my eyes closed! One time I just looked at one, and it popped open!   I blame your bra!
Joey: Then I blame you! Yeah! That's right! You threw me   off with all your slapping!
Joey: (contemplates for a few moments what Rachel just said)   NAH! I don't have another level!!  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] (Chandler is at the table reading; Monica puts some food for him on the table. Ross walks in looking very tanned. Chandler and Monica look up at him smiling.)  Chandler: Hold on! There is something different. Ross: I went to that tanning place your wife suggested. Chandler: Was that place... The Sun? Ross: Oh! And it gets worse! (Turns his side to Chandler   and Monica and pulls up his shirt. There's a distinct line across his body,   where his belly is very tanned and his back is very pale.) Chandler: Oh My God! You can do a duet of Ebony and Ivory   all by yourself! Monica: How could you mess this up? It's   so easy? You go into the booth, you count to five and you turn around!! Ross: (looks at her suspiciously) How do you count to five? Monica: One Two Three... Ross: (Yells) Damnit! (Goes to the door to leave. Rachel   just enters, sees him and starts laughing) Rachel: (laughing) oooh! Oh oh! Ross: (Still yelling) I Know! Rachel: oh oh! What is up with Miss Hawaiian Tropic? Chandler: How was your date with Joey? Rachel: Well, it was good.. until we got back to our apartment,   and then we were fooling around and he started to put his hand up my leg and   I kept slapping it away! Chandler: You didn't like that? Rachel: Well, it wasn't just me, alright? He freaked out   too! He couldn't even undo my bra! Monica: Wow, really? One time he just looked   at my bra and it popped open. (Chandler starts looking at her bra) Rachel: I do not know what's wrong with us, I mean, we have   kissed before and that's been great! But this time it was leading somewhere   and I was very aware of the fact that it was Joey touching me. Monica: Well, you guys have been friends   forever. Remember the first time that you kissed Ross? How weird that was?   You couldn't stop laughing? You got through that. Rachel: (looking thoughtful) Ok, that's true. That's true,   we can do this. You're right, you're right, we can do this. We're just gonna   power through! (Joey walks in) Joey: Hey Chandler can I talk to you for a second (points   to the hall). Rachel: (To Joey) No need!! Problem solved, we are powering through   (At which point she grabs his hand and pulls him back to their apartment). (Chandler resumes staring at Monica's bra) Monica: (sees what he is doing) Chandler,   stop! It is not going to pop open! Chandler: (without taking his eyes off the bra) You don't   know! (Monica just smiles) [Scene: Central Perk.] (Phoebe is sitting on the couch. Monica walks in.) Monica: Hey Phoebe! Phoebe: Hey! Monica: Is Amanda here yet? Phoebe: No. Monica: (sits down) Oh good. Good, look   I'm so sorry, for screwing up that cutting-her-out plan. But I have a new plan.   Chandler agreed to call here in a few minutes with an emergency. Phoebe: Oh! Well, what kind of emergency that gets us both   out of here? Monica: Well, what do you think of Mike   and Chandler being in a car accident? Phoebe: (makes a face) Are you kidding, I love it! (A blonde woman walks in. Supposedly Amanda) Phoebe: Hi! Monica: Hi! Amanda: Hi! (Phoebe and Amanda hug) Amanda: (To Monica) Hello! (Monica holds her hands out for a hug, but instead of hugging her, Amanda   hangs her purse on one of Monica's extended arms.) Amanda: (In a fake British accent) It's so nice to see you!   Both of you! Look at me. Look how young I look! (gives her coat to Monica as   well) Oh gosh! We have so much to catch up on! But first things first: touch   my abs (at which point she grabs both Phoebe and Monica's hands and places   them both on her stomach) I don't exercise at all! (she pulls them down to   sit.) Oh gosh, so Monica, you're married! Monica: (beaming) Yeah! Yeah! His name is   Chandler and... Amanda: (To Phoebe) Smell my neck! (Phoebe does so) It's   not perfume! It's me! It's my natural scent! (Monica looks shocked) Phoebe: Musty! Amanda: Oh! Gosh! This is brilliant. Gosh, it's just like   old times. I'm so happy you two are friends again! Monica: When were we not friends? Amanda: Well, it was 1992, and I remember because that was   the year I had sex with Evil Knievel (She starts laughing very proudly). Monica: Ehm, we were friends in 1992. Amanda: (to Phoebe) No I distinctly remember you were dodging   her (points at Monica) calls and trying to avoid seeing her.  Monica: (To Phoebe) You were going to cut   me out? Phoebe: Well...kinda. Monica: Oh My God! Amanda: Oh! Bugger. Should I not have said that? I feel like   a perfect arse! Phoebe: Yeah well, in America you're just an "ass". (Monica's mobile starts ringing. She picks it up.) Monica: (Into the phone) Hello? Chandler,   what's wrong? (She listens) Oh my God, are you alright? (listens some more)   Yeah, I'll be right there. (She hangs up and speaks to Amanda) I'm so sorry,   but Chandler was in a car accident. (She gets up) Phoebe: (Also gets up and starts taking her purse) Oh my   God. Was Mike with him? Monica: Nope! (She turns and leaves) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Joey comes running in.) Joey: (To Rachel) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Got champagne? Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through! Rachel: Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone   is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove   her bra from under her clothes)... Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)  Rachel: Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very   sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright!   Lets do it! Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit. Rachel: Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She   pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like   that huh? Joey: Oh! yeah! Rachel: You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively,   putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She   pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between   his legs and begins to kiss his neck.) Joey: uh uh! Rachel: Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it! Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters! Rachel: What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok? Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Joey: Hey Chandler can I talk to you for a second (points   to the hall).
Chandler: (without taking his eyes off the bra) You don't   know! (Monica just smiles) [Scene: Central Perk.] (Phoebe is sitting on the couch. Monica walks in.) Monica: Hey Phoebe! Phoebe: Hey! Monica: Is Amanda here yet? Phoebe: No. Monica: (sits down) Oh good. Good, look   I'm so sorry, for screwing up that cutting-her-out plan. But I have a new plan.   Chandler agreed to call here in a few minutes with an emergency. Phoebe: Oh! Well, what kind of emergency that gets us both   out of here? Monica: Well, what do you think of Mike   and Chandler being in a car accident? Phoebe: (makes a face) Are you kidding, I love it! (A blonde woman walks in. Supposedly Amanda) Phoebe: Hi! Monica: Hi! Amanda: Hi! (Phoebe and Amanda hug) Amanda: (To Monica) Hello! (Monica holds her hands out for a hug, but instead of hugging her, Amanda   hangs her purse on one of Monica's extended arms.) Amanda: (In a fake British accent) It's so nice to see you!   Both of you! Look at me. Look how young I look! (gives her coat to Monica as   well) Oh gosh! We have so much to catch up on! But first things first: touch   my abs (at which point she grabs both Phoebe and Monica's hands and places   them both on her stomach) I don't exercise at all! (she pulls them down to   sit.) Oh gosh, so Monica, you're married! Monica: (beaming) Yeah! Yeah! His name is   Chandler and... Amanda: (To Phoebe) Smell my neck! (Phoebe does so) It's   not perfume! It's me! It's my natural scent! (Monica looks shocked) Phoebe: Musty! Amanda: Oh! Gosh! This is brilliant. Gosh, it's just like   old times. I'm so happy you two are friends again! Monica: When were we not friends? Amanda: Well, it was 1992, and I remember because that was   the year I had sex with Evil Knievel (She starts laughing very proudly). Monica: Ehm, we were friends in 1992. Amanda: (to Phoebe) No I distinctly remember you were dodging   her (points at Monica) calls and trying to avoid seeing her.  Monica: (To Phoebe) You were going to cut   me out? Phoebe: Well...kinda. Monica: Oh My God! Amanda: Oh! Bugger. Should I not have said that? I feel like   a perfect arse! Phoebe: Yeah well, in America you're just an "ass". (Monica's mobile starts ringing. She picks it up.) Monica: (Into the phone) Hello? Chandler,   what's wrong? (She listens) Oh my God, are you alright? (listens some more)   Yeah, I'll be right there. (She hangs up and speaks to Amanda) I'm so sorry,   but Chandler was in a car accident. (She gets up) Phoebe: (Also gets up and starts taking her purse) Oh my   God. Was Mike with him? Monica: Nope! (She turns and leaves) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Joey comes running in.) Joey: (To Rachel) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Got champagne? Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through! Rachel: Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone   is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove   her bra from under her clothes)... Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)  Rachel: Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very   sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright!   Lets do it! Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit. Rachel: Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She   pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like   that huh? Joey: Oh! yeah! Rachel: You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively,   putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She   pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between   his legs and begins to kiss his neck.) Joey: uh uh! Rachel: Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it! Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters! Rachel: What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok? Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Monica: Nope! (She turns and leaves) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Joey comes running in.) Joey: (To Rachel) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Got champagne? Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through! Rachel: Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone   is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove   her bra from under her clothes)... Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)  Rachel: Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very   sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright!   Lets do it! Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit. Rachel: Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She   pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like   that huh? Joey: Oh! yeah! Rachel: You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively,   putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She   pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between   his legs and begins to kiss his neck.) Joey: uh uh! Rachel: Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it! Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters! Rachel: What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok? Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Joey: (To Rachel) Hey!
Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through!
Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him) 
Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit.
Joey: Oh! yeah!
Joey: uh uh!
Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters!
Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
(Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
(He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me.
Joey: I don't know.
Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong?
Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit.
Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it.
Joey: That's a... pla-an.
Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming.
Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted. 
Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are.
Joey: So...
Joey: I love ya.
Joey: Yeah, me too.
Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while.
Written by: Dana Klein   Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa [Scene: Central Perk] Monica: (she enters) Hey guys! Ross, Rachel and Chandler: Hey! Chandler: Honey, I got us that room at the Woodford Inn this weekend. Monica: That place in Vermont? You can  take   a hint! Rachel: Wait, you can't go away this weekend! It's Emma's birthday! Ross: Yeah! Rachel: We're having a party. Monica: Well, can't you just have the party when we get back? Ross: No. Rachel: No,    that day... that won't be her real birthday! Chandler: Gee if only she were one and had no idea what the hell a birthday    was! Ross: C'mon you guys, this is really important to us. Monica: Well, I'm sorry, but Chandler and I could really use a weekend away.    You know, to reconnect... emotionally. Chandler: There's this thing I really want us to do. I read about it in Maxim... Rachel: Well, can't you just go to Vermont the next day? Ross: Yeah, we want everyone to be there. As much as I hate to delay your doing    weird sex stuff to my little sister. Rachel: And I mean, you know, you guys... This is a big deal. I mean, how can    we have her first birthday party without her aunt and her uncle! Monica: All right, we'll stay. We can just drive up after the party. Chandler: Fine, but if we end up not doing this Maxim thing because of this    party... Monica: Believe me, that is not why we won't    be doing that!   OPENING CREDITS  [Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment] Rachel: You know Pheebs, when I was little, on my birthday, my daddy would    hide a present in every room of the house, and then he would draw a treasure    map to help me find 'em all. Phoebe: Oooh, I love family traditions like that. When uhm...    when Ursula and I were kids, on our birthday, our stepdad would sell his blood    to buy us food! Ross: (he enters) Hey guys! Rachel and Phoebe: Hi! Ross: Hey, I brought the camera for Emma's video. Rachel: Oh, good, good! We had this idea to make a birthday video for Emma    and we'll give it to her when she is 18. Phoebe: Oh, COOL!! Wow, it's like a time capsule! Ross: Yeah! Phoebe: Oh, just think... she's gonna be watching that video on a TV that hasn't    even been invented yet! With friends who right now are just like babies! And    they'll be living in a floating city that the humans built to escape the ant    people! Ross: That's the hope! So, is Emma awake yet? Rachel: Oh no, it's still nap time. But she'll be up soon. Ross: Ah, and where is Joey? Rachel: I said it's still nap time. (Joey comes out from his room, yawning) Ross: (taping Joey with the cam) Hey, there is uncle Joey! Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey, say something to Emma on her 18th birthday! Joey: 18, uh? (starts to prepare himself to say his "How You Doin'"    line)  Ross: Joey, NO! Joey: What, what!? it's for her hot friends! Ross: When they see this you'll be 52! Joey: And starting to think about settling down! Rachel: Hey Joey, will you please set this up for people to put Emma's presents    on? Joey: I'd love to! Yeah!   Joey: (To Phoebe) We were supposed to bring presents? Phoebe: Yeah! I wrote Emma a song. Joey: Oh, yeah! How was I supposed to know? Phoebe: Joey, it's a birthday party. Joey: Yeah, but for a one-year-old. What's the point... the other day she laughed    for like an hour at a cup. Just a cup with a picture of Elmo on it dressed as    a farmer. And he's standing next to this cow and the cow says "El-moo"!    (Joey starts laughing) Yeah... that's a funny cup! (Monica and Chandler enter) Monica: Hey! Chandler: Hey hey! Where's the birthday girl? Rachel: Oh, she's still napping Chandler: Oh, sure, she was probably up all night, excited about the party    she knows is happening. Rachel: Look, I know that you guys really want to get to Vermont and this isn't    a really big deal to you, but it really is to us, ok? Emma will never have a    first birthday again. Monica: All right... you're right. We're sorry. Now let's wake up Emma and    get the fun time started! Rachel: No really, she didn't sleep well last night, so we can't wake her up. Monica: Are you freaking kidding me, Green? (someone knocks on the door. Rachel goes to open it) Jack and Judy: HI! Ross: (points the camcorder towards them to record their entrance) Hey! Monica: So glad you came! Jack: I can't believe Emma is already one! Judy: (to Monica) I remember your first birthday! Ross was jealous of all the    attention we were giving you. He pulled on his testicles so hard! We had to    take him to the emergency room!  Ross: (pointing the camcorder at himself) There's something you didn't know    about your dad! Joey: Hey Mr. and Mrs. Geller! Let me help you with that. Jack: Thank you! Joey: Oh man, this is great, uh? The three of us together again! You know what    would be fun? If we gave this present to Emma from all of us! Jack: Which one are you?  (Time lapse) Monica: I can't believe Emma is still asleep! Chandler: I know, what are we gonna do? Monica: I've got a plan. I've got a plan. I'm going to ram this platter really    hard into your ribs. You're gonna scream out and that'll wake her up! Chandler: I'm not going to Vermont with this Monica! Joey: Hey Pheebs, you know what? I was thinking... since you wrote a song,    maybe I could do something for Emma using my talents!  Phoebe: So you’re gonna... hit on her? Joey: No, no, no! My talents as an actor! Phoebe: Oh! Joey: You know, I could like maybe... I could do a dramatic reading of one    of her books! Phoebe: Or you could stick a fork in an apple! Joey: Hey, I think Emma might like it! Rachel: Oh! Emma might like what? Joey: Um, my present! Rachel: What did you get her? Joey: Actually we prepared performances. Phoebe: Separate performances. Joey: But equally real! Rachel: Well, this sounds like fun! Well, you know what? Actually? People are    getting a little antsy waiting Emma to wake up from her nap, so would you mind    performing them once now? Phoebe: Sure, yeah! Joey: (unconfidently) O K. Rachel: (to everybody) All right, let’s get this party started, huh?    Joey and Phoebe are gonna perform a little something for us. Ross: Oh, great! Phoebe: (to Joey) Are you gonna be embarrassed going up there having nothing    prepared? Joey: Hey, I do it every week with three cameras pointed at me and a whole    crew waiting! Rachel: So, Joey, what are you gonna do for us? Joey: I will be doing a dramatic reading of one of Emma’s books. Rachel: Oh, ok, which one? Joey: Uh, why, it’s a... (he picks a book up) one of her favorites, uh,    (he reads the title of the book) “Riding the Storm Out. Coping with post-partum    depression” eesh! (he puts the book back and picks up another) “Love    you forever”. Love you forever. By Robert Munsch. Published by Firefly    books. Printed (he pauses and changes the tone to a dramatic one) in Mexico.    A mother held her new baby and very slowly rocked him back and forth, back and    forth, back and forth, and while she held him she sang “I’ll love    you forever, I’ll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby    you’ll be”. (the picture fades and Joey is now finishing the book).    And while he rocked her, he sang “I’ll love you forever, I’ll    like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you’ll be”. Rachel: (crying) Wow! That was amazing! Ross: Thank you so much for that gift! Chandler (nearly weeping): I was not ready for this today! Ross: Amazing... amazing. Rachel: Oh, Phoebe, I’m sorry! Phoebe has prepared something as well. Phoebe: That’s right, I've prepared a song for Emma. From my heart to    hers. For there’s no greater gift, than the gift of music. (she starts    singing) Emma! Your name poses a dilemma. 'Cause not much else rhymes with Emma!    Maybe the actor Richard Crenna, he played the commanding officer in Rambo. Happy    birthday Emma! Rachel: Is that it? Phoebe: No, of course not! I also, you know, prepared a reading (she picks    up a book). “Sex and the single mother. (pause) Finding your G-spot. Everybody: No, no, no, no, no! [Scene: Joey’s Apartment. Ross is filming his parents ] Judy: Hello Emma. Happy eighteenth birthday. Jack: Right now that seems so far away, seventeen years. Judy: Yes, you’ll be all grown up by then. We’ll be... Well your    grandfather and I might not be here. Jack: That’s true! This message could becoming to you from beyond the    grave, Emma! Judy: After all, my parents died very young. Jack: And my cholesterol’s off the charts! Judy: Remember, Emma, heart disease kills women too! Ross (stops recording): Ok, cut! Great. That was... that was    just... yeah! Rachel: Ross, um, don’t forget to get a shot of Emma’s cake. It’s    in a box in the fridge. Ross: Sure. Rachel: Oh, you're gonna love this cake. I got it from a bakery in New Jersey,    Corino’s. Monica: Oh my God, that place has the creamiest frosting! I use to hitchhike    there when I was a kid. Rachel: Well, anyway, they make these great novelty cakes, in all different    shapes, and if you give them a photo, they’ll copy it in icing! Monica: Oh, did you do a picture of Emma? Rachel: Yes! On a cake shaped like a bunny. Ross: Uh, Rach? Does this bakery by any chance also bake erotic cakes? Say    for bachelorette parties? Rachel: Ross, what are you talking about? (she sees the cake) oh! Oh my God!    They put my baby’s face on a penis! Phoebe (sees the cake): oh! Now it’s a party! Rachel: Why you guys this isn't funny, all right? If I wanted this cake to    be a disaster I would have baked it myself! Joey (staring at the cake): Uh.. is it ok that I still think it looks delicious? Judy:(to Jack) Jack, look at this. Jack: I know what you're thinking Judy, the resemblance is uncanny! Ross: I am this close to tugging on my testicles again. Rachel (on the phone): No, no, this is not what I ordered.    Ok? I went all the way to New Jersey so that I could have the perfect cake for    my daughter’s birthday and I need a bunny cake, right now! Ross: Ask them if it would be faster if we cut the baby’s face off the    penis, so we can put it on the bunny. (pause). That is a weird sentence! Rachel: Oh! Believe you me! I am going to bring this cake back, I don't even    want it in my home... (Turns towards the cake and sees Joey trying to take a    piece and yells at him) Joey, don't touch it!! Joey: I'm so confused! Rachel: (speaking to the person on the phone again) Yes, yes. I still want    my daughters picture, but on a bunny cake. Yellow cake, chocolate frosting with    nuts! Chandler: To be fair this one does have nuts. (Time lapse) (Ross, Chandler and Monica are in the kitchen area) Ross: Hey Mon, that was really nice of you to loan Rachel your car so she could    go and get the cake. Monica: Oh. So nice of her to pull my hair, 'till I dropped the key!  Ross: Well, you know what? While we're waiting, you guys could tape your message    to Emma for her 18th birthday, huh? (takes the camcorder and points it at Monica    and Chandler) Ok! Chandler: Hi Emma! It's the year 2020. Are you still enjoying your nap? Monica: We're Aunt Monica and uncle Chandler, by the way.   You may not recognize us, because we haven't spoken to your parents in seventeen years! Chandler: We used to be married, but then we missed a weekend away together    and things kind of unraveled. Because of you! Happy Birthday. (Ross looks disappointed    and switches the camcorder off) Monica: Ross, Rachel promised it would be over by now. We seriously have to    go, if we want to get to Vermont. I called them and the last train leaves in    a half hour. Phoebe: And you know, I have a massage client soon. Ross: You guys, just please.. a little bit longer. I promise, Rachel will be    back with the cake any minute. Monica, remember.. the frosting? huh? Monica: Alright, 5 more minutes. (The phone rings, Ross picks up) Ross: (Into receiver) Hello? (listens) Oh no! What happened? (listens some    more) Ok ok, where are you? (Grabs a pen and starts writing). Ok, I'll be right    there. (Puts the phone down) Chandler: Was that Emma? Is she up?  Ross: No, Rachel got pulled over for speeding. She forgot    her licence so now I have to bring it to her. Phoebe: Well, if you're leaving, I'm definitely gonna go. Monica: No! Wait! If anybody gets to go.. it's us (Points at herself and Chandler)    We've been complaining the longest! Ross: No, wait ! You guys, no, no, you can't leave! Rachel already feels bad    that the cake's messed up. How do you think she's gonna feel when she comes    back here and all you guys are gone? Chandler: I don't know! You'll tell us on Monday!  Ross: Joey! You're in charge, ok? You make sure nobody leaves! (leaves) Joey: Got it! (Goes towards the front door   and stands with his back to it) Hey hey hey! (to Chandler) Where do you think you're going?  Chandler: To the bathroom! Joey: Alright, well the rest of you get comfortable, ok, because we're gonna    be here for a li...(stops and thinks) Wait a minute, there is a window in there! Phoebe: Oh no! He's not getting away that easy! (Phoebe and Joey run towards    the bathroom and enter) Chandler: (Yelling) What are you doing? Get the hell out of here! (Phoebe and    Joey come out looking shocked) Joey: Well, that one did not have Emma's face on it. Phoebe: No, it did not. Joey: No. Judy: Well, we better get going, it's late. Jack's not allowed to drive at    night anymore. He has trouble staying in his lane. Jack: Last winter I went up on a church lawn and drove right through a manger    scene. The papers thought it was a hate crime. Judy: Anyway, it was lovely seeing you. Joey: Ok! (Opens the door for them)  Judy: Bye... Bye dear. Joey: Nighty-night! Judy: Nighty-night! Joey: Bye, bye. Phoebe: Joey? How could you just let them leave? Joey: Hey, hey, hey, hey! I'm not gonna mess with Jack, he's a great man, he    fought for our country. Monica: No, he didn't! He pretended to be a Quaker to get out of Korea. Joey: (Shocked) Oh! Well that's it! He's the last one to go. I'm locking you    guys in. (turns the bolts of the door, thereby locking it) Chandler: You do know, I can just turn them the other way around, right? Joey: Oh! I forgot you used to live here! (The phone rings, Joey picks up) Joey: Hello? Estelle: (on the other side of the line) Joey! It's Estelle! Joey: Hey! (smiles) Estelle: So, how did your audition go today? Joey: (smile fades) What audition? Estelle: The one I told you about last week? Joey: What? You never said anything about an audition! Estelle: (Looks confused) Let me start over. I just got a call about an audition.    I think you can still make it. It's down at the Astor Theatre and you need to    have a monologue prepared. Joey: A monologue? I don't have.. (sees the book he was reading before for    his "dramatic reading") I got it. (hangs up) (announces to the room)    Aah! so... I'm gonna take off! Phoebe: Wh.. what? No wait, you don't get to leave! I've got a massage client    waiting outside my door any minute! Monica: Yeah, and we've paid for a room, that we're supposed to be in right    now! Phoebe: Well, oh, ok now... Only one of us has to stay with Emma. Ok, and as    the person who realized that, I get to go! Monica: No! no! Let's figure out a fair way to decide who's staying. Joey: Oh! I got it! Ok, everyone pick a number from one to ten. Alright? Whoever    gets the highest number gets to go first. Monica: (She gives Joey a you-are-so-stupid-look) Ok, ten. Joey: Okay, Monica picks ten, I call nine! Anyone else? Phoebe: No, lets just draw straws. Joey: Or.. we could flip a coin, and then multiply the.. Chandler: I'm begging you stop. Joey: Right. Monica: Ok, how about this: We got wind up toys for Emma for her birthday.    We can make them race, and whoever comes in last, stays! Phoebe: (Visibly excited) Yeah!! Let's do that! Chandler: (Also very excited) That sounds more fun than the thing we were going    to do in Vermont!  Monica: Everybody get your toys! (They all run toward the table with toys) Phoebe: Ok! I want the dolphin! Chandler: Thats a bear. Phoebe: I'm too excited! Monica: Phoebe, you get the bear, uhm, Joey, you get the robot, and Chandler    and I get the dog. Ok, and the race is going to go (Takes two cups and marks    the start and finish lines with them) from here to here. Now the one who comes    in last, stays! Joey: Ok, ladies and gentlemen, wind your toys! (they do so) Chandler: Ok, on your mark... Get set... GO!!! (Monica, Phoebe and Joey release their wind-up toys.) Phoebe: Go! Go! Joey: Come on robot! (Phoebe's bear takes the lead, followed by Joey's robot, and far behind is    Chandler and Monica's dog, which walks a few paces, stops and starts barking,    sits, walks again, and so on... ) Monica: (to the dog) What are you barking at? (While Phoebe's bear is still in the lead, it is now closely followed by Joey's    robot. Chandler and Monica's dog however, sits down, barking... and does a backflip.) Monica: Wha... How the hell is that gonna help? Chandler: I bought you. How did I forget that that's all you do? (Meanwhile the race has been won by Phoebe's bear, followed by Joey's robot) Joey: Way to go robot! Phoebe: Good job Alan! Joey: Hey, good race you guys. Phoebe: Yeah, see you later! (Joey and Phoebe leave for the door) Monica: No! No, no... wait! We didn't lose. (turns to Chandler) The rules clearly    stated that the last one to cross the finish line was the loser. Well, our dog    never crossed the finish line, so technically... Chandler: They left. (Monica turns to see the closed door.)  [ Scene: The freeway. Rachel is driving Monica's Porsche, while    using her mobile phone. Ross is sitting next to her.]  Rachel: (into the phone) No, there isn't time to go to the bakery. We're just    gonna come home... Everybody left? Alright, well just tell Emma we're gonna    be there as soon as we can. (emotionally) Bye... (She hangs up, closes her phone, turns around and puts it in her bag which    is in the back of the car. While doing this and not looking at the road, she    turns the steering wheel by accident, which makes the car swerve.) Ross: RACHEL! Rachel: OOH! God! Sorry! Ross: (sarcastically) I can't believe they gave you a ticket. You're such a    good driver. (Ross fastens his seat belt.) Rachel: Emma's awake. Ross: Yeah? Rachel: I can't believe this. This is her first birthday. She's awake. We're    not even there. Everybody left. We still have this stupid obscene cake. Ross: Hey, maybe I can fix that, you know. Try to turn it into something else.    (he opens the box) Rachel: Oh, why do you even bother? I already ruined her first birthday...    And do you know how important these early experiences are Ross? Very! According    to the back cover of that book that you gave me. Ross: Rach, she's not going to remember this. Rachel: (shakes her head) I guess... Oh, I just had such an idea of what this    day would be like, you know? Emma laughing and everybody gathered around her    cake singing "Happy Birthday". Then we would all go into... HEY GET    OUT OF THE ROAD YOU STUPID STUDENT DRIVER!!! (honks furiously, and Ross looks    at her in disbelief and Rachel looks at him.) They have to learn! Ross: (looks back at the cake) Hey! Rachel: What? Ross: It's not bad. Rachel: (she looks at the cake) Oh my God! Look what... you made it into a    bunny. How did you do that? Ross: Well, I just made these two things uhm... cheeks. And then I split this    to make ears. Rachel: Well, I'm very impressed. Ross: Some can sing, some can dance. I apparently can turn phallic cakes into    woodland creatures.  [ Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment. Chandler, Monica and Emma    are sitting on the floor, and Emma's stuffed animals are lined up in front of    them.]  Monica: Now another way to organise your stuffed animals, is by size. Chandler: I'm sorry, is this a game for Emma or for Monica? Monica: Game? Chandler: Emma, you even know it's your birthday today? You're one! One-year-old,    that's little. (With his index finger he shows her how old she is. Emma also points her finger    and babbles...) Chandler: Ooh! That's my girl! Monica: That's how old you are. Chandler: Did I teach her that? Did I just... impart wisdom? Monica: (embraces Emma tightly) Ooh, I want one... Chandler: Me too... (There's a couple of seconds of silence. Then Chandler looks around...) Chandler: There's no-one around. Why don't we just take this one? Monica: ...and head to Canada! Chandler: I was kidding. Monica: I wasn't. Let's get going! (Phoebe enters the apartment again.) Phoebe: Hey, are Ross and Rachel back? Chandler: No, not yet. Phoebe: Oh good, I didn't miss the party. Monica: What about your massage client? Phoebe: I just felt so bad, missing this. So I just slipped him a little something,    you know. As long as I'm back in five or six hours, it will be alright. (Joey comes running into the apartment, out of breath.) Joey: Okay, if Ross and Rachel ask, I've been here the whole time. THE WHOLE    TIME! (Ross and Rachel enter.) Joey: (to Ross and Rachel) I've been here the whole time! Ross: Joey, we just saw you come in. You ran past us on the stairs. Rachel: I don't care that you left. I'm just glad that you're here. Thanks    you guys! Chandler: Hey, guys! Come on! You gotta see what Emma just did. Rachel: What? Chandler: Emma, how old are you? How old are you today? (holds up his index    finger again) Emma: Wo-ish. (and holds up her finger) (Ross and Rachel gasp) Rachel: Oh! Emma, that's right! You're that many! Ross: Oh my God! Our daughter's a genius! Rach, this means... Rachel: (angrily) NO, no science camp! Ross: Damnit! I'll put a candle on the cake. Rachel: Oh!... Oh and Emma, look at your stuffed animals lined up so neatly! Monica: Thanks! Ross: Okay, here we go! Emma's first birthday cake... Well hey... well, blow    out the candle. Come on Emma. Chandler: Let's do it, come on! (Rachel wipes away some tears.) Ross: What's wrong? Are you okay? Rachel: Oh yeah, nothing! These are happy tears! This is just what I wanted. Phoebe: (pointing at cake) Hey, you made it into a bunny. Joey: What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it    was a penis.  ENDING CREDITS   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel.    They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front    of the camera.] Rachel: Okay. Ross: Okay, you ready? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: A-a-and... record. Rachel: Okay. (they both look into the camera, and Ross waves.) Hi Emma. Well,    your first birthday is over, and it was really... (There's a lot of yelling and screaming coming from the hallway, and they get    up to look at what's the noise all about. In the hallway, Monica, Chandler,    Joey and Phoebe are having another wind-up animal race, yelling and screaming    fanatically.) Phoebe: (yelling at the top of her voice) Go, go, go Alan! Run you, hairy bastard!   end    
Joey: Hey!
Joey: 18, uh? (starts to prepare himself to say his "How You Doin'"    line)  Ross: Joey, NO!
Joey: What, what!? it's for her hot friends!
Joey: And starting to think about settling down!
Joey: I'd love to! Yeah!   Joey: (To Phoebe) We were supposed to bring presents?
Joey: Oh, yeah! How was I supposed to know?
Joey: Yeah, but for a one-year-old. What's the point... the other day she laughed    for like an hour at a cup. Just a cup with a picture of Elmo on it dressed as    a farmer. And he's standing next to this cow and the cow says "El-moo"!    (Joey starts laughing) Yeah... that's a funny cup!
Joey: Hey Mr. and Mrs. Geller! Let me help you with that.
Joey: Oh man, this is great, uh? The three of us together again! You know what    would be fun? If we gave this present to Emma from all of us!
Joey: Hey Pheebs, you know what? I was thinking... since you wrote a song,    maybe I could do something for Emma using my talents!  Phoebe: So you’re gonna... hit on her?
Joey: No, no, no! My talents as an actor!
Joey: You know, I could like maybe... I could do a dramatic reading of one    of her books!
Joey: Hey, I think Emma might like it!
Joey: Um, my present!
Joey: Actually we prepared performances.
Joey: But equally real!
Joey: (unconfidently) O K.
Joey: Hey, I do it every week with three cameras pointed at me and a whole    crew waiting!
Joey: I will be doing a dramatic reading of one of Emma’s books.
Joey: Uh, why, it’s a... (he picks a book up) one of her favorites, uh,    (he reads the title of the book) “Riding the Storm Out. Coping with post-partum    depression” eesh! (he puts the book back and picks up another) “Love    you forever”. Love you forever. By Robert Munsch. Published by Firefly    books. Printed (he pauses and changes the tone to a dramatic one) in Mexico.    A mother held her new baby and very slowly rocked him back and forth, back and    forth, back and forth, and while she held him she sang “I’ll love    you forever, I’ll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby    you’ll be”. (the picture fades and Joey is now finishing the book).    And while he rocked her, he sang “I’ll love you forever, I’ll    like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you’ll be”.
Joey: I'm so confused!
Joey: Got it! (Goes towards the front door   and stands with his back to it) Hey hey hey! (to Chandler) Where do you think you're going? 
Joey: Alright, well the rest of you get comfortable, ok, because we're gonna    be here for a li...(stops and thinks) Wait a minute, there is a window in there!
Joey: Well, that one did not have Emma's face on it.
Joey: No.
Joey: Ok! (Opens the door for them) 
Joey: Nighty-night!
Joey: Bye, bye.
Joey: Hey, hey, hey, hey! I'm not gonna mess with Jack, he's a great man, he    fought for our country.
Joey: (Shocked) Oh! Well that's it! He's the last one to go. I'm locking you    guys in. (turns the bolts of the door, thereby locking it)
Joey: Oh! I forgot you used to live here!
Joey: Hello?
Joey: Hey! (smiles)
Joey: (smile fades) What audition?
Joey: What? You never said anything about an audition!
Joey: A monologue? I don't have.. (sees the book he was reading before for    his "dramatic reading") I got it. (hangs up) (announces to the room)    Aah! so... I'm gonna take off!
Joey: Oh! I got it! Ok, everyone pick a number from one to ten. Alright? Whoever    gets the highest number gets to go first.
Joey: Okay, Monica picks ten, I call nine! Anyone else?
Joey: Or.. we could flip a coin, and then multiply the..
Joey: Right.
Joey: Ok, ladies and gentlemen, wind your toys! (they do so)
Joey: Come on robot!
Joey: Way to go robot!
Joey: Hey, good race you guys.
 Rachel: (into the phone) No, there isn't time to go to the bakery. We're just    gonna come home... Everybody left? Alright, well just tell Emma we're gonna    be there as soon as we can. (emotionally) Bye... (She hangs up, closes her phone, turns around and puts it in her bag which    is in the back of the car. While doing this and not looking at the road, she    turns the steering wheel by accident, which makes the car swerve.) Ross: RACHEL! Rachel: OOH! God! Sorry! Ross: (sarcastically) I can't believe they gave you a ticket. You're such a    good driver. (Ross fastens his seat belt.) Rachel: Emma's awake. Ross: Yeah? Rachel: I can't believe this. This is her first birthday. She's awake. We're    not even there. Everybody left. We still have this stupid obscene cake. Ross: Hey, maybe I can fix that, you know. Try to turn it into something else.    (he opens the box) Rachel: Oh, why do you even bother? I already ruined her first birthday...    And do you know how important these early experiences are Ross? Very! According    to the back cover of that book that you gave me. Ross: Rach, she's not going to remember this. Rachel: (shakes her head) I guess... Oh, I just had such an idea of what this    day would be like, you know? Emma laughing and everybody gathered around her    cake singing "Happy Birthday". Then we would all go into... HEY GET    OUT OF THE ROAD YOU STUPID STUDENT DRIVER!!! (honks furiously, and Ross looks    at her in disbelief and Rachel looks at him.) They have to learn! Ross: (looks back at the cake) Hey! Rachel: What? Ross: It's not bad. Rachel: (she looks at the cake) Oh my God! Look what... you made it into a    bunny. How did you do that? Ross: Well, I just made these two things uhm... cheeks. And then I split this    to make ears. Rachel: Well, I'm very impressed. Ross: Some can sing, some can dance. I apparently can turn phallic cakes into    woodland creatures.  [ Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment. Chandler, Monica and Emma    are sitting on the floor, and Emma's stuffed animals are lined up in front of    them.]  Monica: Now another way to organise your stuffed animals, is by size. Chandler: I'm sorry, is this a game for Emma or for Monica? Monica: Game? Chandler: Emma, you even know it's your birthday today? You're one! One-year-old,    that's little. (With his index finger he shows her how old she is. Emma also points her finger    and babbles...) Chandler: Ooh! That's my girl! Monica: That's how old you are. Chandler: Did I teach her that? Did I just... impart wisdom? Monica: (embraces Emma tightly) Ooh, I want one... Chandler: Me too... (There's a couple of seconds of silence. Then Chandler looks around...) Chandler: There's no-one around. Why don't we just take this one? Monica: ...and head to Canada! Chandler: I was kidding. Monica: I wasn't. Let's get going! (Phoebe enters the apartment again.) Phoebe: Hey, are Ross and Rachel back? Chandler: No, not yet. Phoebe: Oh good, I didn't miss the party. Monica: What about your massage client? Phoebe: I just felt so bad, missing this. So I just slipped him a little something,    you know. As long as I'm back in five or six hours, it will be alright. (Joey comes running into the apartment, out of breath.) Joey: Okay, if Ross and Rachel ask, I've been here the whole time. THE WHOLE    TIME! (Ross and Rachel enter.) Joey: (to Ross and Rachel) I've been here the whole time! Ross: Joey, we just saw you come in. You ran past us on the stairs. Rachel: I don't care that you left. I'm just glad that you're here. Thanks    you guys! Chandler: Hey, guys! Come on! You gotta see what Emma just did. Rachel: What? Chandler: Emma, how old are you? How old are you today? (holds up his index    finger again) Emma: Wo-ish. (and holds up her finger) (Ross and Rachel gasp) Rachel: Oh! Emma, that's right! You're that many! Ross: Oh my God! Our daughter's a genius! Rach, this means... Rachel: (angrily) NO, no science camp! Ross: Damnit! I'll put a candle on the cake. Rachel: Oh!... Oh and Emma, look at your stuffed animals lined up so neatly! Monica: Thanks! Ross: Okay, here we go! Emma's first birthday cake... Well hey... well, blow    out the candle. Come on Emma. Chandler: Let's do it, come on! (Rachel wipes away some tears.) Ross: What's wrong? Are you okay? Rachel: Oh yeah, nothing! These are happy tears! This is just what I wanted. Phoebe: (pointing at cake) Hey, you made it into a bunny. Joey: What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it    was a penis.  ENDING CREDITS   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel.    They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front    of the camera.] Rachel: Okay. Ross: Okay, you ready? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: A-a-and... record. Rachel: Okay. (they both look into the camera, and Ross waves.) Hi Emma. Well,    your first birthday is over, and it was really... (There's a lot of yelling and screaming coming from the hallway, and they get    up to look at what's the noise all about. In the hallway, Monica, Chandler,    Joey and Phoebe are having another wind-up animal race, yelling and screaming    fanatically.) Phoebe: (yelling at the top of her voice) Go, go, go Alan! Run you, hairy bastard!   end    
 Monica: Now another way to organise your stuffed animals, is by size. Chandler: I'm sorry, is this a game for Emma or for Monica? Monica: Game? Chandler: Emma, you even know it's your birthday today? You're one! One-year-old,    that's little. (With his index finger he shows her how old she is. Emma also points her finger    and babbles...) Chandler: Ooh! That's my girl! Monica: That's how old you are. Chandler: Did I teach her that? Did I just... impart wisdom? Monica: (embraces Emma tightly) Ooh, I want one... Chandler: Me too... (There's a couple of seconds of silence. Then Chandler looks around...) Chandler: There's no-one around. Why don't we just take this one? Monica: ...and head to Canada! Chandler: I was kidding. Monica: I wasn't. Let's get going! (Phoebe enters the apartment again.) Phoebe: Hey, are Ross and Rachel back? Chandler: No, not yet. Phoebe: Oh good, I didn't miss the party. Monica: What about your massage client? Phoebe: I just felt so bad, missing this. So I just slipped him a little something,    you know. As long as I'm back in five or six hours, it will be alright. (Joey comes running into the apartment, out of breath.) Joey: Okay, if Ross and Rachel ask, I've been here the whole time. THE WHOLE    TIME! (Ross and Rachel enter.) Joey: (to Ross and Rachel) I've been here the whole time! Ross: Joey, we just saw you come in. You ran past us on the stairs. Rachel: I don't care that you left. I'm just glad that you're here. Thanks    you guys! Chandler: Hey, guys! Come on! You gotta see what Emma just did. Rachel: What? Chandler: Emma, how old are you? How old are you today? (holds up his index    finger again) Emma: Wo-ish. (and holds up her finger) (Ross and Rachel gasp) Rachel: Oh! Emma, that's right! You're that many! Ross: Oh my God! Our daughter's a genius! Rach, this means... Rachel: (angrily) NO, no science camp! Ross: Damnit! I'll put a candle on the cake. Rachel: Oh!... Oh and Emma, look at your stuffed animals lined up so neatly! Monica: Thanks! Ross: Okay, here we go! Emma's first birthday cake... Well hey... well, blow    out the candle. Come on Emma. Chandler: Let's do it, come on! (Rachel wipes away some tears.) Ross: What's wrong? Are you okay? Rachel: Oh yeah, nothing! These are happy tears! This is just what I wanted. Phoebe: (pointing at cake) Hey, you made it into a bunny. Joey: What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it    was a penis.  ENDING CREDITS   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel.    They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front    of the camera.] Rachel: Okay. Ross: Okay, you ready? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: A-a-and... record. Rachel: Okay. (they both look into the camera, and Ross waves.) Hi Emma. Well,    your first birthday is over, and it was really... (There's a lot of yelling and screaming coming from the hallway, and they get    up to look at what's the noise all about. In the hallway, Monica, Chandler,    Joey and Phoebe are having another wind-up animal race, yelling and screaming    fanatically.) Phoebe: (yelling at the top of her voice) Go, go, go Alan! Run you, hairy bastard!   end    
Joey: Okay, if Ross and Rachel ask, I've been here the whole time. THE WHOLE    TIME!
Joey: (to Ross and Rachel) I've been here the whole time!
Joey: What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it    was a penis. 
Written by: Dana Klein   Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa [Scene: Central Perk]   Rachel: You know, I'm thinking about letting Emma have her    first cookie. Joey: Her first cookie? She has cookies all the time! Rachel: I've never given her a cookie. Have you? Joey: No! No... and, for the record, I've also never given her a frosting from    a can! Monica: Hey Rach, the adoption agency needs letters of recommendation and we    were wondering if you would write one for us. Rachel: Of course, I'd be honored! Chandler: Thanks! Monica: Thank you! (Joey looks at them, disappointed about their decision) Joey: U-U-Um, I think there's been an oversight. Chandler: Joey, we would've asked you, we just thought you wouldn't be interested. Monica: Yeah, it's just we don't think of you as really being so much "with    the words". Joey: Whoo-weh hey weh-hey whoo hey!! Monica: Clearly we were wrong. Joey: I gotta a lot of nice stuff to say about you guys, ok? And I know how    much you wanna have a baby, you know, and I would love to help you get one. Monica: You know what? Then, Joey, we want you to do it. Joey: Thank you! Alright, let me see how I'm gonna start... "Dear baby    adoption decider people..." Chandler: So excited about your letter! (Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Hey! All: Hey Phoebe! Joey: Hey! Monica: Wow! Don't you look nice?! Phoebe: Yes, I do! Today is Mike and my one-year anniversary. Rachel: OH! What's it the anniversary of? Your first date, your first kiss,    first time you had sex... Phoebe: YEAH! Chandler: So you must be going to somewhere fancy to celebrate? Phoebe: Uh-uh. Ehm, a Knicks game. Joey: Uhm... Aren't you a little overdressed? Phoebe: Hey, you know what, I've never had a one-year anniversary before, so    no matter where we go, I'm wearing something fancy pants, and... I'm gonna put    on my finest jewelry and we're gonna have sex in a public rest room. Monica: You guys do that? Chandler won't even have sex in our bathroom! Chandler: That's where people make number two!!  OPENING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross' apartment. Ross is grading papers. Charlie approaches    him.]   Charlie: Hey! (They kiss and cuddle a little) Ross: Hey... Charlie: So, you know... I have a little time. If you... if you want to... Ross: (surprised) Oh... (he pauses) (sounds disappointed) Ohh... I'd love to    but I really have to grade these papers. Charlie: Fine, it's fine... (she whispers) I'll just shower by myself... Ross: (Writing on the papers) B, B, B, B, B! Charlie: Oh, Ross, you gave a B to a Pottery Barn catalogue. Ross: Well, it had some good ideas, take off your shirt. (they start kissing but someone knocks at the door) Ross: Damnit! Amy: (yelling from outside) Rachel!! Open up!! It's your sister!! (she knocks    on the door again) I have to talk to you!! Ross: (he opens the door) Hi Amy! Amy: You're not Rachel. Ross: Still sharp as a tack! Amy: Um... Charlie, this is Rachel's sister Amy. Amy, this is Charlie. Charlie: Hi! Amy: Hi! Charlie: Nice to meet you. Amy: H-Hi!!(to Ross) And you are...? Ross: (pause) Ross? I... I grew up on your block! We had Thanksgiving together    last year... I had a baby with your sister! Amy: (looks confused) N-no... uhm... did I buy a falafel from you yesterday? Ross: (gives up) Yes, yes, you did.   [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment]   (Ross enters the apartment with Amy) Ross: Hi Rachel! Here's your sister Amy! She thinks I need   pec implants!   Rachel: Amy! Hi! Oh-oh-hoh! (they hug) Wow! You remember Joey? Amy: Yeah! Hey, sure! The "Days of Our Lives" guy! Joey: That's right, yeah. Amy: You're not good! Joey: Always nice to meet a fan! Rachel: So now, what are you doing here? Amy: Well, I have huge news. Rachel: (Emma starts crying in the other room) Oh sorry, hold on. Let me just    check on the baby! Amy: Wait, this is important! Can Ella wait? (Rachel goes to Emma) Ross: Ehm... Her name is Emma. Amy: Why did you change it, Ella was so much prettier! Ross: What do I know? I just sell Middle Eastern food from a cart! Amy: Hey, your English is getting better!! Ross: (to Joey) Oh my God! Joey: I know, she may be the hottest girl I've ever hated. Ross: What... what you working on? Joey: (using a laptop) Oh, Monica and Chandler's recommendation. I want it    to sound smart but.. I don't know any big words or anything, so... Ross: Why don't you use your Thesaurus? Joey: What did I just say? Ross: Watch. (he takes the laptop) Here, you ehm... You highlight the word    you want to change.   Go under Tools and the Thesaurus generates... 'gives'... 'gives' a whole list    of choices. You can pick the word that sounds smartest. Joey: Oh my God, that's great! I'm smart!! No, no, I'm... (he uses the Thesaurus)    "brainy, bright, clever", I love this thing! Look out ladies, Joey    Tribbiani's got the whole package!!   [Scene: Rachel's room. Rachel is attending to Emma. Amy is standing    behind her.]    Rachel: God! Amy: So beautiful. Rachel: Oh, I know, isn't she? Amy: No, I was talking about your bedding. Rachel: All right. What's your news, Amy? Amy: Oh! Um... Well... I'm getting married. Rachel: What? Oh my God! To who? Amy: This guy! He has a killer apartment. Rachel: A-And?? Amy: A-And it's on Fifth. And the elevator opens up right into the living room. Rachel: No, what's he like? Amy: Oh! He's ok. Do you remember my old boyfriend Mark? Rachel: Yeah. Amy: It's his dad. Rachel: Huh... wow, so he's gotta be... Amy: Old? Yeah! But he travels a lot, so he's hardly ever there. Rachel: Sweety, I gotta tell ya... it sounds a little bit like you like the    apartment more than you like... Amy: Myron. Hmm... I told you he was old! Rachel: Oh... sit down, sit down. Oh, honey, you know, I once also almost married    somebody that I didn’t love. Do you remember Barry? Amy: Humpf, remember him? How we used to make out all the time after you went    to sleep. Rachel: Sometimes just nodding is ok. (pause) Uhm, so but   anyway, listen, not marrying Barry was the best decision that I ever, ever   made. Honey, you deserve   true love. Your soulmate is out there, somewhere. Someone that is your age,   that is smart, that is fun and that you care about! Amy: (thinks about it) You’re right, you’re right! I’m gonna    do it! Rachel: Ok. Amy: I’m gonna marry Myron and keep looking   for Mr Right. Rachel: Ok, let’s keep talking.   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Mike and Phoebe are walking to    their seats.]   Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. (looking    at her ticket). Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my    seat. It's my anniversary. (to Mike) Here we are! (Mike nods). Can’t believe    it's been a whole year!  Mike: I know. This has been the best year... (the crowd starts cheering so    he starts yelling) THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND (crowd stops cheering) YOU'RE    AMAZING IN BED (everyone hears it and stare at them.) (to everybody) IT’S    OUR ANNIVERSARY! Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. (on the    screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes    on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her) Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. Mike: Really? Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! Mike: (looks strangely shocked) Excuse me... (he leaves, then Phoebe realizes  what she did).   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room]   Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to    Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the    longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. Chandler: (reading) I don’t... uh... understand. Joey: (sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated    for ya? Monica: (also reading it) It doesn’t make any sense. Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! Chandler: On every word? Joey: Yep! Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? (shows the sentence to    Joey) Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens    with full sized aortic pumps...? Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. Joey: Why not? Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani (Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that'    look). Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just    be yourself! Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from  here, (points at his own heart) your full sized aortic pump.   [Scene: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel    opens the door.]   Rachel: Amy, hi! Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. Rachel: Oh, good for you!  Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. (Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does    not notice the huge amount of bags) Joey: Ah, look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH,    WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! Joey: What? Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! (she snaps her finger and points at Joey,  snaps her fingers again and points to the bags) Come on!   [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room    and Joey comes out of his room.]   Joey: You slept out here? Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get    off!’ Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re    getting rid of her. Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping    Amy badly) "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!"    I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think    it’s really good that she’s here. Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was    a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of    me. Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t    think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys.    See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna    take patience, but that’s ok. Amy: Good morning. Joey: Yeaah. Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why    I hung it on the door. Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time    for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. (points    at her eyebrows) I am not happy. (to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands)    Oh... sure you wanna eat that? Joey: (yelling at her) I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!   [Scene: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler    are there, Phoebe enters the room]   Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote    me a rap song. Ross: Seriously? Chandler: Word! Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. Rachel: Well, what happened? Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the    big screen thing... Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning    on proposing to me that same way last night! Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna    propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean,    I said no in Barbados and now this! Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... (stops himself   mid-sentence...everyone stares at him) Did I just say if I were a   guy..? Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to    him! Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? Monica: I proposed to Chandler! (Phoebe stops herself from laughing) Alright,    moving on... Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! Monica: Thank you. Phoebe: (To Rachel and Ross) Well, do you think   I should propose? Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? Rachel: (Sarcastically) Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? (claps her hands    together, faking excitement) Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to,    plus he'd never suspect it! Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two (points    to Ross and Chandler) like that? Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think?  (Amy walks in carrying a phone handset) Amy: (To Rachel) Nana is on the phone (Hands the phone over to Rachel) Rachel: (Takes the phone) Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years    ago!! Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? Rachel: (Into the phone) Hello? (announces to Amy) Oh, it's our nanny! (goes    back to the phone conversation) Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye!    (Hangs up) (To Ross) That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had?    Because my throat's been hurting? Rachel: Menstrual cramps. Ross: I don't think that's what this is. Rachel: (To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe) Can any of you watch Emma? Monica: No, sorry sweety.. Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. Rachel: (To Ross) Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? Amy: Well, I can do it. Rachel: (Thinks for a moment) Well, actually...  Ross: (He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other    side of the room) Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. Rachel: Why not? Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!  Rachel: (Defends Amy) Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. Rachel: (Shocked) Wha... the next one? Ross: (a little confused) Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge    breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! Ross: I... I don't know.. Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows (points    at her own to emphasize the word) shaped to do this alright? Do you understand    how important that is in our world? (Amy approaches from behind) Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to...    Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's    been so wonderful to me... (looks at hem pleadingly) (Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently) Rachel: Absolutely. Amy: (very excited) Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? (Ross just gives up  and leaves)   [Scene: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk    in.]   Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. (Chandler and Monica look shocked) Monica: You dropped it off? Joey: Yeah. Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to    hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked) Monica: You hand-wrote it? Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at   all! See ya later! (Leaves) Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our    file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples    that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? (Takes out his mobile) I'll just    call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. (starts dialing) Monica: Okay good. Chandler: (on the phone) Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped    off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. (listens) Uh-huh... Uh-huh...    okay... thank you. Good-bye. (hangs up looking very confused). Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way    to the bird store. Chandler: (Still looks confused) They loved it. Monica: What? Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a   child write the recommendation letter. Monica: (surprised) They thought Joey was a child? Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings. (Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller) Amy: Hi! Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. Chandler: That sounds like fun. Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. (Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma) Rachel: (To Emma) Hey! Hi, how's my girl? Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? Rachel: (sounds excited) Yeah! (Amy takes off Emma's hat) Amy: Ta-daaa! (Rachel looks at Emma) Rachel: (not excited anymore) You pierced her ears!? Amy: (Very excited about it) Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? (Rachel looks very shocked) COMMERCIAL BREAK  Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me?  Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would    it? Chandler: I think she looks cute. (Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily)    ... but I am wrong! Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? Rachel: Ugh. (takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it) (Ross enters) Ross: Hey guys.   Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see.    (Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him). Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see.  Ross: Why not? Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was    in a milk carton but it looked like meat? Ross: Come here (Removes Emma's hat) Oh! There she is! Hi! (Rachel looks worried) Ross: (sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him) What? Rachel: Nothing. Ross: (Back to Emma) Hi! (Looks at her) What... (Moves the stroller away from    him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he    realizes the difference and gasps). Please tell me those are clip-ons.  Rachel: Oh, they're real! Ross: Did she (points at Amy) do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have    left Emma with her! Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. (To Amy)   You are soo irresponsible   I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs    to have a cool fun aunt! Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! Amy: (Sarcastically) O-Okay! Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure    out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going    to do with my life. Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. Rachel: (looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief) What? Ross: That's not a thing! Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what    colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... Rachel: (shouting) Babies don't care if they're slim. Amy: Enter Amy! Ross: (very angry) Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... Amy: What? What are you gonna do? Ross: (pointing at Amy, shouting) No more falafel for you! (Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant  and looks at Ross who gestures "later".)   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the    game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.]   Mike: Great game, huh? Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... (seems distracted) Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. (looking up) Please let the Knicks win... Thank    you Thor! (Mike is standing up) Where... where are you going? Mike: Going go to the bathroom. Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. Mike: Why? Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the    nutrients. Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. (We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then    we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of    Mike.) Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? (Mike looks bewildered) Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing   to him. Guess we know who wears the pants in that family.   (people are laughing, while   Mike still seems bewildered) Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! (There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand    in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him) Phoebe: Hey, hey! (shouting) Boo us? Boo you!   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone    rings.]   Joey: (picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani...    Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home    right now... (looks puzzled) Okay, bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was    nice! (Rachel and Amy enter) Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! Joey: Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachel's room) Amy: You're kicking me out?  Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl! Rachel: (gasps) I can't believe I ever even tried to help   you. You are so  beyond help. Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. Rachel: Excuse me? Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then,    I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws (frantically pointing    at her nose) And suddenly I am the bad guy? Rachel: (yelling) Joey, where are those bags? Joey: (Yelling from Rachel's room) She has a lot of crap! Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great.    Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without    that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... Rachel: (doesn't believe what she's hearing) Seriously? Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. Rachel: Hips or thighs? Amy: Ass and face. Rachel: (gasps) Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking    about real stuff. Rachel: (embarrassed) Oh, I can give you that. Amy: You can? Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're...    you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. Amy: (touched) Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. Rachel: Did you just say Emma? Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella.  [Scene: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.]   Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking    about. Mike, obviously you have balls. Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. Phoebe: (the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table) I would love it. Consider    it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose,    I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball    game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who    hides it in the cake. (Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.) Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? Mike: (puts on a fake smile) Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? (he    takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin) Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm    sorry! Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and    all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my    life with you. (Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face) Mike: I'm gonna do this now. Phoebe: Oh my God! (Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.) Mike: Phoebe, I... Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! (she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring    finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then...) Oh no! (She was    wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.) Mike: Ready? Phoebe: Uh-huh! (and now Mike kneels properly) Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry    me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow    old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? Phoebe: Yes! (Mike puts the ring on her finger) Mike: I love you! Phoebe: I love you more! Mike: Not possible! (they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...) She's gonna    be Mrs. No Balls. (They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.) COMMERCIAL BREAK   [Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are    walking on the sidewalk.]   Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies    are ugly.  Rachel: That's shocking! Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! (She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand,    whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair.) Hello-oo Ross! (to    Rachel) He's rude! THE END     
Joey: Her first cookie? She has cookies all the time!
Joey: No! No... and, for the record, I've also never given her a frosting from    a can!
Joey: U-U-Um, I think there's been an oversight.
Joey: Whoo-weh hey weh-hey whoo hey!!
Joey: I gotta a lot of nice stuff to say about you guys, ok? And I know how    much you wanna have a baby, you know, and I would love to help you get one.
Joey: Thank you! Alright, let me see how I'm gonna start... "Dear baby    adoption decider people..."
Joey: Hey!
Joey: Uhm... Aren't you a little overdressed?
Joey: That's right, yeah.
Joey: Always nice to meet a fan!
Joey: I know, she may be the hottest girl I've ever hated.
Joey: (using a laptop) Oh, Monica and Chandler's recommendation. I want it    to sound smart but.. I don't know any big words or anything, so...
Joey: What did I just say?
Joey: Oh my God, that's great! I'm smart!! No, no, I'm... (he uses the Thesaurus)    "brainy, bright, clever", I love this thing! Look out ladies, Joey    Tribbiani's got the whole package!!
   Rachel: God! Amy: So beautiful. Rachel: Oh, I know, isn't she? Amy: No, I was talking about your bedding. Rachel: All right. What's your news, Amy? Amy: Oh! Um... Well... I'm getting married. Rachel: What? Oh my God! To who? Amy: This guy! He has a killer apartment. Rachel: A-And?? Amy: A-And it's on Fifth. And the elevator opens up right into the living room. Rachel: No, what's he like? Amy: Oh! He's ok. Do you remember my old boyfriend Mark? Rachel: Yeah. Amy: It's his dad. Rachel: Huh... wow, so he's gotta be... Amy: Old? Yeah! But he travels a lot, so he's hardly ever there. Rachel: Sweety, I gotta tell ya... it sounds a little bit like you like the    apartment more than you like... Amy: Myron. Hmm... I told you he was old! Rachel: Oh... sit down, sit down. Oh, honey, you know, I once also almost married    somebody that I didn’t love. Do you remember Barry? Amy: Humpf, remember him? How we used to make out all the time after you went    to sleep. Rachel: Sometimes just nodding is ok. (pause) Uhm, so but   anyway, listen, not marrying Barry was the best decision that I ever, ever   made. Honey, you deserve   true love. Your soulmate is out there, somewhere. Someone that is your age,   that is smart, that is fun and that you care about! Amy: (thinks about it) You’re right, you’re right! I’m gonna    do it! Rachel: Ok. Amy: I’m gonna marry Myron and keep looking   for Mr Right. Rachel: Ok, let’s keep talking.   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Mike and Phoebe are walking to    their seats.]   Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. (looking    at her ticket). Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my    seat. It's my anniversary. (to Mike) Here we are! (Mike nods). Can’t believe    it's been a whole year!  Mike: I know. This has been the best year... (the crowd starts cheering so    he starts yelling) THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND (crowd stops cheering) YOU'RE    AMAZING IN BED (everyone hears it and stare at them.) (to everybody) IT’S    OUR ANNIVERSARY! Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. (on the    screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes    on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her) Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. Mike: Really? Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! Mike: (looks strangely shocked) Excuse me... (he leaves, then Phoebe realizes  what she did).   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room]   Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to    Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the    longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. Chandler: (reading) I don’t... uh... understand. Joey: (sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated    for ya? Monica: (also reading it) It doesn’t make any sense. Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! Chandler: On every word? Joey: Yep! Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? (shows the sentence to    Joey) Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens    with full sized aortic pumps...? Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. Joey: Why not? Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani (Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that'    look). Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just    be yourself! Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from  here, (points at his own heart) your full sized aortic pump.   [Scene: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel    opens the door.]   Rachel: Amy, hi! Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. Rachel: Oh, good for you!  Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. (Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does    not notice the huge amount of bags) Joey: Ah, look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH,    WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! Joey: What? Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! (she snaps her finger and points at Joey,  snaps her fingers again and points to the bags) Come on!   [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room    and Joey comes out of his room.]   Joey: You slept out here? Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get    off!’ Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re    getting rid of her. Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping    Amy badly) "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!"    I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think    it’s really good that she’s here. Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was    a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of    me. Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t    think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys.    See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna    take patience, but that’s ok. Amy: Good morning. Joey: Yeaah. Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why    I hung it on the door. Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time    for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. (points    at her eyebrows) I am not happy. (to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands)    Oh... sure you wanna eat that? Joey: (yelling at her) I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!   [Scene: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler    are there, Phoebe enters the room]   Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote    me a rap song. Ross: Seriously? Chandler: Word! Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. Rachel: Well, what happened? Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the    big screen thing... Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning    on proposing to me that same way last night! Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna    propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean,    I said no in Barbados and now this! Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... (stops himself   mid-sentence...everyone stares at him) Did I just say if I were a   guy..? Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to    him! Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? Monica: I proposed to Chandler! (Phoebe stops herself from laughing) Alright,    moving on... Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! Monica: Thank you. Phoebe: (To Rachel and Ross) Well, do you think   I should propose? Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? Rachel: (Sarcastically) Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? (claps her hands    together, faking excitement) Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to,    plus he'd never suspect it! Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two (points    to Ross and Chandler) like that? Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think?  (Amy walks in carrying a phone handset) Amy: (To Rachel) Nana is on the phone (Hands the phone over to Rachel) Rachel: (Takes the phone) Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years    ago!! Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? Rachel: (Into the phone) Hello? (announces to Amy) Oh, it's our nanny! (goes    back to the phone conversation) Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye!    (Hangs up) (To Ross) That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had?    Because my throat's been hurting? Rachel: Menstrual cramps. Ross: I don't think that's what this is. Rachel: (To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe) Can any of you watch Emma? Monica: No, sorry sweety.. Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. Rachel: (To Ross) Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? Amy: Well, I can do it. Rachel: (Thinks for a moment) Well, actually...  Ross: (He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other    side of the room) Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. Rachel: Why not? Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!  Rachel: (Defends Amy) Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. Rachel: (Shocked) Wha... the next one? Ross: (a little confused) Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge    breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! Ross: I... I don't know.. Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows (points    at her own to emphasize the word) shaped to do this alright? Do you understand    how important that is in our world? (Amy approaches from behind) Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to...    Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's    been so wonderful to me... (looks at hem pleadingly) (Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently) Rachel: Absolutely. Amy: (very excited) Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? (Ross just gives up  and leaves)   [Scene: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk    in.]   Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. (Chandler and Monica look shocked) Monica: You dropped it off? Joey: Yeah. Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to    hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked) Monica: You hand-wrote it? Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at   all! See ya later! (Leaves) Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our    file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples    that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? (Takes out his mobile) I'll just    call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. (starts dialing) Monica: Okay good. Chandler: (on the phone) Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped    off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. (listens) Uh-huh... Uh-huh...    okay... thank you. Good-bye. (hangs up looking very confused). Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way    to the bird store. Chandler: (Still looks confused) They loved it. Monica: What? Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a   child write the recommendation letter. Monica: (surprised) They thought Joey was a child? Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings. (Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller) Amy: Hi! Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. Chandler: That sounds like fun. Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. (Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma) Rachel: (To Emma) Hey! Hi, how's my girl? Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? Rachel: (sounds excited) Yeah! (Amy takes off Emma's hat) Amy: Ta-daaa! (Rachel looks at Emma) Rachel: (not excited anymore) You pierced her ears!? Amy: (Very excited about it) Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? (Rachel looks very shocked) COMMERCIAL BREAK  Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me?  Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would    it? Chandler: I think she looks cute. (Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily)    ... but I am wrong! Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? Rachel: Ugh. (takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it) (Ross enters) Ross: Hey guys.   Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see.    (Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him). Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see.  Ross: Why not? Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was    in a milk carton but it looked like meat? Ross: Come here (Removes Emma's hat) Oh! There she is! Hi! (Rachel looks worried) Ross: (sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him) What? Rachel: Nothing. Ross: (Back to Emma) Hi! (Looks at her) What... (Moves the stroller away from    him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he    realizes the difference and gasps). Please tell me those are clip-ons.  Rachel: Oh, they're real! Ross: Did she (points at Amy) do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have    left Emma with her! Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. (To Amy)   You are soo irresponsible   I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs    to have a cool fun aunt! Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! Amy: (Sarcastically) O-Okay! Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure    out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going    to do with my life. Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. Rachel: (looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief) What? Ross: That's not a thing! Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what    colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... Rachel: (shouting) Babies don't care if they're slim. Amy: Enter Amy! Ross: (very angry) Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... Amy: What? What are you gonna do? Ross: (pointing at Amy, shouting) No more falafel for you! (Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant  and looks at Ross who gestures "later".)   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the    game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.]   Mike: Great game, huh? Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... (seems distracted) Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. (looking up) Please let the Knicks win... Thank    you Thor! (Mike is standing up) Where... where are you going? Mike: Going go to the bathroom. Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. Mike: Why? Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the    nutrients. Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. (We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then    we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of    Mike.) Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? (Mike looks bewildered) Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing   to him. Guess we know who wears the pants in that family.   (people are laughing, while   Mike still seems bewildered) Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! (There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand    in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him) Phoebe: Hey, hey! (shouting) Boo us? Boo you!   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone    rings.]   Joey: (picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani...    Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home    right now... (looks puzzled) Okay, bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was    nice! (Rachel and Amy enter) Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! Joey: Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachel's room) Amy: You're kicking me out?  Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl! Rachel: (gasps) I can't believe I ever even tried to help   you. You are so  beyond help. Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. Rachel: Excuse me? Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then,    I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws (frantically pointing    at her nose) And suddenly I am the bad guy? Rachel: (yelling) Joey, where are those bags? Joey: (Yelling from Rachel's room) She has a lot of crap! Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great.    Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without    that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... Rachel: (doesn't believe what she's hearing) Seriously? Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. Rachel: Hips or thighs? Amy: Ass and face. Rachel: (gasps) Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking    about real stuff. Rachel: (embarrassed) Oh, I can give you that. Amy: You can? Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're...    you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. Amy: (touched) Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. Rachel: Did you just say Emma? Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella.  [Scene: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.]   Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking    about. Mike, obviously you have balls. Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. Phoebe: (the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table) I would love it. Consider    it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose,    I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball    game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who    hides it in the cake. (Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.) Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? Mike: (puts on a fake smile) Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? (he    takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin) Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm    sorry! Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and    all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my    life with you. (Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face) Mike: I'm gonna do this now. Phoebe: Oh my God! (Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.) Mike: Phoebe, I... Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! (she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring    finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then...) Oh no! (She was    wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.) Mike: Ready? Phoebe: Uh-huh! (and now Mike kneels properly) Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry    me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow    old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? Phoebe: Yes! (Mike puts the ring on her finger) Mike: I love you! Phoebe: I love you more! Mike: Not possible! (they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...) She's gonna    be Mrs. No Balls. (They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.) COMMERCIAL BREAK   [Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are    walking on the sidewalk.]   Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies    are ugly.  Rachel: That's shocking! Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! (She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand,    whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair.) Hello-oo Ross! (to    Rachel) He's rude! THE END     
 Rachel: God! Amy: So beautiful. Rachel: Oh, I know, isn't she? Amy: No, I was talking about your bedding. Rachel: All right. What's your news, Amy? Amy: Oh! Um... Well... I'm getting married. Rachel: What? Oh my God! To who? Amy: This guy! He has a killer apartment. Rachel: A-And?? Amy: A-And it's on Fifth. And the elevator opens up right into the living room. Rachel: No, what's he like? Amy: Oh! He's ok. Do you remember my old boyfriend Mark? Rachel: Yeah. Amy: It's his dad. Rachel: Huh... wow, so he's gotta be... Amy: Old? Yeah! But he travels a lot, so he's hardly ever there. Rachel: Sweety, I gotta tell ya... it sounds a little bit like you like the    apartment more than you like... Amy: Myron. Hmm... I told you he was old! Rachel: Oh... sit down, sit down. Oh, honey, you know, I once also almost married    somebody that I didn’t love. Do you remember Barry? Amy: Humpf, remember him? How we used to make out all the time after you went    to sleep. Rachel: Sometimes just nodding is ok. (pause) Uhm, so but   anyway, listen, not marrying Barry was the best decision that I ever, ever   made. Honey, you deserve   true love. Your soulmate is out there, somewhere. Someone that is your age,   that is smart, that is fun and that you care about! Amy: (thinks about it) You’re right, you’re right! I’m gonna    do it! Rachel: Ok. Amy: I’m gonna marry Myron and keep looking   for Mr Right. Rachel: Ok, let’s keep talking.   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Mike and Phoebe are walking to    their seats.]   Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. (looking    at her ticket). Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my    seat. It's my anniversary. (to Mike) Here we are! (Mike nods). Can’t believe    it's been a whole year!  Mike: I know. This has been the best year... (the crowd starts cheering so    he starts yelling) THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND (crowd stops cheering) YOU'RE    AMAZING IN BED (everyone hears it and stare at them.) (to everybody) IT’S    OUR ANNIVERSARY! Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. (on the    screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes    on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her) Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. Mike: Really? Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! Mike: (looks strangely shocked) Excuse me... (he leaves, then Phoebe realizes  what she did).   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room]   Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to    Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the    longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. Chandler: (reading) I don’t... uh... understand. Joey: (sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated    for ya? Monica: (also reading it) It doesn’t make any sense. Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! Chandler: On every word? Joey: Yep! Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? (shows the sentence to    Joey) Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens    with full sized aortic pumps...? Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. Joey: Why not? Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani (Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that'    look). Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just    be yourself! Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from  here, (points at his own heart) your full sized aortic pump.   [Scene: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel    opens the door.]   Rachel: Amy, hi! Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. Rachel: Oh, good for you!  Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. (Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does    not notice the huge amount of bags) Joey: Ah, look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH,    WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! Joey: What? Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! (she snaps her finger and points at Joey,  snaps her fingers again and points to the bags) Come on!   [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room    and Joey comes out of his room.]   Joey: You slept out here? Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get    off!’ Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re    getting rid of her. Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping    Amy badly) "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!"    I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think    it’s really good that she’s here. Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was    a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of    me. Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t    think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys.    See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna    take patience, but that’s ok. Amy: Good morning. Joey: Yeaah. Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why    I hung it on the door. Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time    for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. (points    at her eyebrows) I am not happy. (to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands)    Oh... sure you wanna eat that? Joey: (yelling at her) I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!   [Scene: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler    are there, Phoebe enters the room]   Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote    me a rap song. Ross: Seriously? Chandler: Word! Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. Rachel: Well, what happened? Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the    big screen thing... Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning    on proposing to me that same way last night! Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna    propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean,    I said no in Barbados and now this! Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... (stops himself   mid-sentence...everyone stares at him) Did I just say if I were a   guy..? Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to    him! Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? Monica: I proposed to Chandler! (Phoebe stops herself from laughing) Alright,    moving on... Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! Monica: Thank you. Phoebe: (To Rachel and Ross) Well, do you think   I should propose? Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? Rachel: (Sarcastically) Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? (claps her hands    together, faking excitement) Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to,    plus he'd never suspect it! Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two (points    to Ross and Chandler) like that? Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think?  (Amy walks in carrying a phone handset) Amy: (To Rachel) Nana is on the phone (Hands the phone over to Rachel) Rachel: (Takes the phone) Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years    ago!! Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? Rachel: (Into the phone) Hello? (announces to Amy) Oh, it's our nanny! (goes    back to the phone conversation) Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye!    (Hangs up) (To Ross) That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had?    Because my throat's been hurting? Rachel: Menstrual cramps. Ross: I don't think that's what this is. Rachel: (To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe) Can any of you watch Emma? Monica: No, sorry sweety.. Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. Rachel: (To Ross) Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? Amy: Well, I can do it. Rachel: (Thinks for a moment) Well, actually...  Ross: (He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other    side of the room) Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. Rachel: Why not? Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!  Rachel: (Defends Amy) Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. Rachel: (Shocked) Wha... the next one? Ross: (a little confused) Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge    breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! Ross: I... I don't know.. Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows (points    at her own to emphasize the word) shaped to do this alright? Do you understand    how important that is in our world? (Amy approaches from behind) Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to...    Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's    been so wonderful to me... (looks at hem pleadingly) (Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently) Rachel: Absolutely. Amy: (very excited) Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? (Ross just gives up  and leaves)   [Scene: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk    in.]   Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. (Chandler and Monica look shocked) Monica: You dropped it off? Joey: Yeah. Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to    hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked) Monica: You hand-wrote it? Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at   all! See ya later! (Leaves) Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our    file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples    that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? (Takes out his mobile) I'll just    call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. (starts dialing) Monica: Okay good. Chandler: (on the phone) Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped    off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. (listens) Uh-huh... Uh-huh...    okay... thank you. Good-bye. (hangs up looking very confused). Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way    to the bird store. Chandler: (Still looks confused) They loved it. Monica: What? Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a   child write the recommendation letter. Monica: (surprised) They thought Joey was a child? Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings. (Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller) Amy: Hi! Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. Chandler: That sounds like fun. Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. (Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma) Rachel: (To Emma) Hey! Hi, how's my girl? Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? Rachel: (sounds excited) Yeah! (Amy takes off Emma's hat) Amy: Ta-daaa! (Rachel looks at Emma) Rachel: (not excited anymore) You pierced her ears!? Amy: (Very excited about it) Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? (Rachel looks very shocked) COMMERCIAL BREAK  Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me?  Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would    it? Chandler: I think she looks cute. (Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily)    ... but I am wrong! Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? Rachel: Ugh. (takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it) (Ross enters) Ross: Hey guys.   Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see.    (Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him). Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see.  Ross: Why not? Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was    in a milk carton but it looked like meat? Ross: Come here (Removes Emma's hat) Oh! There she is! Hi! (Rachel looks worried) Ross: (sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him) What? Rachel: Nothing. Ross: (Back to Emma) Hi! (Looks at her) What... (Moves the stroller away from    him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he    realizes the difference and gasps). Please tell me those are clip-ons.  Rachel: Oh, they're real! Ross: Did she (points at Amy) do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have    left Emma with her! Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. (To Amy)   You are soo irresponsible   I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs    to have a cool fun aunt! Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! Amy: (Sarcastically) O-Okay! Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure    out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going    to do with my life. Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. Rachel: (looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief) What? Ross: That's not a thing! Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what    colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... Rachel: (shouting) Babies don't care if they're slim. Amy: Enter Amy! Ross: (very angry) Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... Amy: What? What are you gonna do? Ross: (pointing at Amy, shouting) No more falafel for you! (Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant  and looks at Ross who gestures "later".)   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the    game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.]   Mike: Great game, huh? Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... (seems distracted) Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. (looking up) Please let the Knicks win... Thank    you Thor! (Mike is standing up) Where... where are you going? Mike: Going go to the bathroom. Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. Mike: Why? Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the    nutrients. Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. (We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then    we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of    Mike.) Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? (Mike looks bewildered) Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing   to him. Guess we know who wears the pants in that family.   (people are laughing, while   Mike still seems bewildered) Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! (There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand    in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him) Phoebe: Hey, hey! (shouting) Boo us? Boo you!   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone    rings.]   Joey: (picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani...    Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home    right now... (looks puzzled) Okay, bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was    nice! (Rachel and Amy enter) Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! Joey: Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachel's room) Amy: You're kicking me out?  Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl! Rachel: (gasps) I can't believe I ever even tried to help   you. You are so  beyond help. Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. Rachel: Excuse me? Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then,    I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws (frantically pointing    at her nose) And suddenly I am the bad guy? Rachel: (yelling) Joey, where are those bags? Joey: (Yelling from Rachel's room) She has a lot of crap! Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great.    Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without    that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... Rachel: (doesn't believe what she's hearing) Seriously? Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. Rachel: Hips or thighs? Amy: Ass and face. Rachel: (gasps) Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking    about real stuff. Rachel: (embarrassed) Oh, I can give you that. Amy: You can? Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're...    you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. Amy: (touched) Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. Rachel: Did you just say Emma? Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella.  [Scene: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.]   Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking    about. Mike, obviously you have balls. Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. Phoebe: (the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table) I would love it. Consider    it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose,    I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball    game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who    hides it in the cake. (Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.) Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? Mike: (puts on a fake smile) Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? (he    takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin) Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm    sorry! Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and    all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my    life with you. (Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face) Mike: I'm gonna do this now. Phoebe: Oh my God! (Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.) Mike: Phoebe, I... Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! (she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring    finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then...) Oh no! (She was    wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.) Mike: Ready? Phoebe: Uh-huh! (and now Mike kneels properly) Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry    me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow    old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? Phoebe: Yes! (Mike puts the ring on her finger) Mike: I love you! Phoebe: I love you more! Mike: Not possible! (they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...) She's gonna    be Mrs. No Balls. (They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.) COMMERCIAL BREAK   [Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are    walking on the sidewalk.]   Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies    are ugly.  Rachel: That's shocking! Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! (She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand,    whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair.) Hello-oo Ross! (to    Rachel) He's rude! THE END     
  Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. (looking    at her ticket). Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my    seat. It's my anniversary. (to Mike) Here we are! (Mike nods). Can’t believe    it's been a whole year!  Mike: I know. This has been the best year... (the crowd starts cheering so    he starts yelling) THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND (crowd stops cheering) YOU'RE    AMAZING IN BED (everyone hears it and stare at them.) (to everybody) IT’S    OUR ANNIVERSARY! Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. (on the    screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes    on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her) Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. Mike: Really? Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! Mike: (looks strangely shocked) Excuse me... (he leaves, then Phoebe realizes  what she did).   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room]   Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to    Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the    longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. Chandler: (reading) I don’t... uh... understand. Joey: (sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated    for ya? Monica: (also reading it) It doesn’t make any sense. Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! Chandler: On every word? Joey: Yep! Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? (shows the sentence to    Joey) Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens    with full sized aortic pumps...? Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. Joey: Why not? Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani (Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that'    look). Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just    be yourself! Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from  here, (points at his own heart) your full sized aortic pump.   [Scene: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel    opens the door.]   Rachel: Amy, hi! Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. Rachel: Oh, good for you!  Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. (Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does    not notice the huge amount of bags) Joey: Ah, look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH,    WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! Joey: What? Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! (she snaps her finger and points at Joey,  snaps her fingers again and points to the bags) Come on!   [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room    and Joey comes out of his room.]   Joey: You slept out here? Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get    off!’ Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re    getting rid of her. Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping    Amy badly) "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!"    I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think    it’s really good that she’s here. Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was    a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of    me. Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t    think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys.    See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna    take patience, but that’s ok. Amy: Good morning. Joey: Yeaah. Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why    I hung it on the door. Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time    for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. (points    at her eyebrows) I am not happy. (to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands)    Oh... sure you wanna eat that? Joey: (yelling at her) I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!   [Scene: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler    are there, Phoebe enters the room]   Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote    me a rap song. Ross: Seriously? Chandler: Word! Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. Rachel: Well, what happened? Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the    big screen thing... Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning    on proposing to me that same way last night! Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna    propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean,    I said no in Barbados and now this! Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... (stops himself   mid-sentence...everyone stares at him) Did I just say if I were a   guy..? Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to    him! Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? Monica: I proposed to Chandler! (Phoebe stops herself from laughing) Alright,    moving on... Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! Monica: Thank you. Phoebe: (To Rachel and Ross) Well, do you think   I should propose? Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? Rachel: (Sarcastically) Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? (claps her hands    together, faking excitement) Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to,    plus he'd never suspect it! Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two (points    to Ross and Chandler) like that? Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think?  (Amy walks in carrying a phone handset) Amy: (To Rachel) Nana is on the phone (Hands the phone over to Rachel) Rachel: (Takes the phone) Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years    ago!! Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? Rachel: (Into the phone) Hello? (announces to Amy) Oh, it's our nanny! (goes    back to the phone conversation) Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye!    (Hangs up) (To Ross) That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had?    Because my throat's been hurting? Rachel: Menstrual cramps. Ross: I don't think that's what this is. Rachel: (To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe) Can any of you watch Emma? Monica: No, sorry sweety.. Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. Rachel: (To Ross) Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? Amy: Well, I can do it. Rachel: (Thinks for a moment) Well, actually...  Ross: (He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other    side of the room) Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. Rachel: Why not? Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!  Rachel: (Defends Amy) Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. Rachel: (Shocked) Wha... the next one? Ross: (a little confused) Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge    breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! Ross: I... I don't know.. Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows (points    at her own to emphasize the word) shaped to do this alright? Do you understand    how important that is in our world? (Amy approaches from behind) Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to...    Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's    been so wonderful to me... (looks at hem pleadingly) (Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently) Rachel: Absolutely. Amy: (very excited) Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? (Ross just gives up  and leaves)   [Scene: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk    in.]   Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. (Chandler and Monica look shocked) Monica: You dropped it off? Joey: Yeah. Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to    hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked) Monica: You hand-wrote it? Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at   all! See ya later! (Leaves) Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our    file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples    that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? (Takes out his mobile) I'll just    call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. (starts dialing) Monica: Okay good. Chandler: (on the phone) Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped    off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. (listens) Uh-huh... Uh-huh...    okay... thank you. Good-bye. (hangs up looking very confused). Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way    to the bird store. Chandler: (Still looks confused) They loved it. Monica: What? Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a   child write the recommendation letter. Monica: (surprised) They thought Joey was a child? Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings. (Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller) Amy: Hi! Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. Chandler: That sounds like fun. Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. (Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma) Rachel: (To Emma) Hey! Hi, how's my girl? Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? Rachel: (sounds excited) Yeah! (Amy takes off Emma's hat) Amy: Ta-daaa! (Rachel looks at Emma) Rachel: (not excited anymore) You pierced her ears!? Amy: (Very excited about it) Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? (Rachel looks very shocked) COMMERCIAL BREAK  Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me?  Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would    it? Chandler: I think she looks cute. (Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily)    ... but I am wrong! Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? Rachel: Ugh. (takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it) (Ross enters) Ross: Hey guys.   Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see.    (Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him). Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see.  Ross: Why not? Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was    in a milk carton but it looked like meat? Ross: Come here (Removes Emma's hat) Oh! There she is! Hi! (Rachel looks worried) Ross: (sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him) What? Rachel: Nothing. Ross: (Back to Emma) Hi! (Looks at her) What... (Moves the stroller away from    him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he    realizes the difference and gasps). Please tell me those are clip-ons.  Rachel: Oh, they're real! Ross: Did she (points at Amy) do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have    left Emma with her! Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. (To Amy)   You are soo irresponsible   I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs    to have a cool fun aunt! Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! Amy: (Sarcastically) O-Okay! Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure    out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going    to do with my life. Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. Rachel: (looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief) What? Ross: That's not a thing! Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what    colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... Rachel: (shouting) Babies don't care if they're slim. Amy: Enter Amy! Ross: (very angry) Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... Amy: What? What are you gonna do? Ross: (pointing at Amy, shouting) No more falafel for you! (Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant  and looks at Ross who gestures "later".)   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the    game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.]   Mike: Great game, huh? Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... (seems distracted) Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. (looking up) Please let the Knicks win... Thank    you Thor! (Mike is standing up) Where... where are you going? Mike: Going go to the bathroom. Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. Mike: Why? Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the    nutrients. Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. (We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then    we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of    Mike.) Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? (Mike looks bewildered) Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing   to him. Guess we know who wears the pants in that family.   (people are laughing, while   Mike still seems bewildered) Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! (There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand    in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him) Phoebe: Hey, hey! (shouting) Boo us? Boo you!   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone    rings.]   Joey: (picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani...    Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home    right now... (looks puzzled) Okay, bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was    nice! (Rachel and Amy enter) Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! Joey: Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachel's room) Amy: You're kicking me out?  Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl! Rachel: (gasps) I can't believe I ever even tried to help   you. You are so  beyond help. Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. Rachel: Excuse me? Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then,    I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws (frantically pointing    at her nose) And suddenly I am the bad guy? Rachel: (yelling) Joey, where are those bags? Joey: (Yelling from Rachel's room) She has a lot of crap! Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great.    Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without    that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... Rachel: (doesn't believe what she's hearing) Seriously? Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. Rachel: Hips or thighs? Amy: Ass and face. Rachel: (gasps) Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking    about real stuff. Rachel: (embarrassed) Oh, I can give you that. Amy: You can? Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're...    you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. Amy: (touched) Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. Rachel: Did you just say Emma? Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella.  [Scene: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.]   Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking    about. Mike, obviously you have balls. Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. Phoebe: (the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table) I would love it. Consider    it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose,    I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball    game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who    hides it in the cake. (Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.) Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? Mike: (puts on a fake smile) Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? (he    takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin) Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm    sorry! Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and    all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my    life with you. (Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face) Mike: I'm gonna do this now. Phoebe: Oh my God! (Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.) Mike: Phoebe, I... Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! (she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring    finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then...) Oh no! (She was    wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.) Mike: Ready? Phoebe: Uh-huh! (and now Mike kneels properly) Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry    me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow    old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? Phoebe: Yes! (Mike puts the ring on her finger) Mike: I love you! Phoebe: I love you more! Mike: Not possible! (they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...) She's gonna    be Mrs. No Balls. (They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.) COMMERCIAL BREAK   [Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are    walking on the sidewalk.]   Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies    are ugly.  Rachel: That's shocking! Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! (She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand,    whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair.) Hello-oo Ross! (to    Rachel) He's rude! THE END     
Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. (looking    at her ticket). Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my    seat. It's my anniversary. (to Mike) Here we are! (Mike nods). Can’t believe    it's been a whole year!  Mike: I know. This has been the best year... (the crowd starts cheering so    he starts yelling) THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND (crowd stops cheering) YOU'RE    AMAZING IN BED (everyone hears it and stare at them.) (to everybody) IT’S    OUR ANNIVERSARY! Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. (on the    screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes    on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her) Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. Mike: Really? Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! Mike: (looks strangely shocked) Excuse me... (he leaves, then Phoebe realizes  what she did).   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room]   Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to    Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the    longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. Chandler: (reading) I don’t... uh... understand. Joey: (sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated    for ya? Monica: (also reading it) It doesn’t make any sense. Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! Chandler: On every word? Joey: Yep! Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? (shows the sentence to    Joey) Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens    with full sized aortic pumps...? Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. Joey: Why not? Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani (Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that'    look). Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just    be yourself! Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from  here, (points at his own heart) your full sized aortic pump.   [Scene: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel    opens the door.]   Rachel: Amy, hi! Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. Rachel: Oh, good for you!  Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. (Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does    not notice the huge amount of bags) Joey: Ah, look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH,    WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! Joey: What? Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! (she snaps her finger and points at Joey,  snaps her fingers again and points to the bags) Come on!   [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room    and Joey comes out of his room.]   Joey: You slept out here? Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get    off!’ Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re    getting rid of her. Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping    Amy badly) "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!"    I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think    it’s really good that she’s here. Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was    a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of    me. Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t    think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys.    See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna    take patience, but that’s ok. Amy: Good morning. Joey: Yeaah. Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why    I hung it on the door. Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time    for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. (points    at her eyebrows) I am not happy. (to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands)    Oh... sure you wanna eat that? Joey: (yelling at her) I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!   [Scene: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler    are there, Phoebe enters the room]   Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote    me a rap song. Ross: Seriously? Chandler: Word! Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. Rachel: Well, what happened? Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the    big screen thing... Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning    on proposing to me that same way last night! Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna    propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean,    I said no in Barbados and now this! Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... (stops himself   mid-sentence...everyone stares at him) Did I just say if I were a   guy..? Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to    him! Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? Monica: I proposed to Chandler! (Phoebe stops herself from laughing) Alright,    moving on... Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! Monica: Thank you. Phoebe: (To Rachel and Ross) Well, do you think   I should propose? Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? Rachel: (Sarcastically) Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? (claps her hands    together, faking excitement) Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to,    plus he'd never suspect it! Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two (points    to Ross and Chandler) like that? Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think?  (Amy walks in carrying a phone handset) Amy: (To Rachel) Nana is on the phone (Hands the phone over to Rachel) Rachel: (Takes the phone) Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years    ago!! Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? Rachel: (Into the phone) Hello? (announces to Amy) Oh, it's our nanny! (goes    back to the phone conversation) Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye!    (Hangs up) (To Ross) That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had?    Because my throat's been hurting? Rachel: Menstrual cramps. Ross: I don't think that's what this is. Rachel: (To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe) Can any of you watch Emma? Monica: No, sorry sweety.. Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. Rachel: (To Ross) Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? Amy: Well, I can do it. Rachel: (Thinks for a moment) Well, actually...  Ross: (He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other    side of the room) Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. Rachel: Why not? Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!  Rachel: (Defends Amy) Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. Rachel: (Shocked) Wha... the next one? Ross: (a little confused) Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge    breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! Ross: I... I don't know.. Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows (points    at her own to emphasize the word) shaped to do this alright? Do you understand    how important that is in our world? (Amy approaches from behind) Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to...    Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's    been so wonderful to me... (looks at hem pleadingly) (Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently) Rachel: Absolutely. Amy: (very excited) Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? (Ross just gives up  and leaves)   [Scene: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk    in.]   Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. (Chandler and Monica look shocked) Monica: You dropped it off? Joey: Yeah. Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to    hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked) Monica: You hand-wrote it? Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at   all! See ya later! (Leaves) Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our    file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples    that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? (Takes out his mobile) I'll just    call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. (starts dialing) Monica: Okay good. Chandler: (on the phone) Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped    off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. (listens) Uh-huh... Uh-huh...    okay... thank you. Good-bye. (hangs up looking very confused). Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way    to the bird store. Chandler: (Still looks confused) They loved it. Monica: What? Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a   child write the recommendation letter. Monica: (surprised) They thought Joey was a child? Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings. (Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller) Amy: Hi! Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. Chandler: That sounds like fun. Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. (Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma) Rachel: (To Emma) Hey! Hi, how's my girl? Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? Rachel: (sounds excited) Yeah! (Amy takes off Emma's hat) Amy: Ta-daaa! (Rachel looks at Emma) Rachel: (not excited anymore) You pierced her ears!? Amy: (Very excited about it) Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? (Rachel looks very shocked) COMMERCIAL BREAK  Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me?  Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would    it? Chandler: I think she looks cute. (Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily)    ... but I am wrong! Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? Rachel: Ugh. (takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it) (Ross enters) Ross: Hey guys.   Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see.    (Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him). Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see.  Ross: Why not? Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was    in a milk carton but it looked like meat? Ross: Come here (Removes Emma's hat) Oh! There she is! Hi! (Rachel looks worried) Ross: (sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him) What? Rachel: Nothing. Ross: (Back to Emma) Hi! (Looks at her) What... (Moves the stroller away from    him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he    realizes the difference and gasps). Please tell me those are clip-ons.  Rachel: Oh, they're real! Ross: Did she (points at Amy) do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have    left Emma with her! Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. (To Amy)   You are soo irresponsible   I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs    to have a cool fun aunt! Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! Amy: (Sarcastically) O-Okay! Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure    out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going    to do with my life. Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. Rachel: (looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief) What? Ross: That's not a thing! Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what    colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... Rachel: (shouting) Babies don't care if they're slim. Amy: Enter Amy! Ross: (very angry) Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... Amy: What? What are you gonna do? Ross: (pointing at Amy, shouting) No more falafel for you! (Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant  and looks at Ross who gestures "later".)   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the    game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.]   Mike: Great game, huh? Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... (seems distracted) Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. (looking up) Please let the Knicks win... Thank    you Thor! (Mike is standing up) Where... where are you going? Mike: Going go to the bathroom. Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. Mike: Why? Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the    nutrients. Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. (We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then    we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of    Mike.) Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? (Mike looks bewildered) Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing   to him. Guess we know who wears the pants in that family.   (people are laughing, while   Mike still seems bewildered) Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! (There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand    in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him) Phoebe: Hey, hey! (shouting) Boo us? Boo you!   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone    rings.]   Joey: (picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani...    Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home    right now... (looks puzzled) Okay, bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was    nice! (Rachel and Amy enter) Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! Joey: Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachel's room) Amy: You're kicking me out?  Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl! Rachel: (gasps) I can't believe I ever even tried to help   you. You are so  beyond help. Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. Rachel: Excuse me? Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then,    I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws (frantically pointing    at her nose) And suddenly I am the bad guy? Rachel: (yelling) Joey, where are those bags? Joey: (Yelling from Rachel's room) She has a lot of crap! Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great.    Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without    that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... Rachel: (doesn't believe what she's hearing) Seriously? Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. Rachel: Hips or thighs? Amy: Ass and face. Rachel: (gasps) Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking    about real stuff. Rachel: (embarrassed) Oh, I can give you that. Amy: You can? Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're...    you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. Amy: (touched) Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. Rachel: Did you just say Emma? Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella.  [Scene: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.]   Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking    about. Mike, obviously you have balls. Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. Phoebe: (the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table) I would love it. Consider    it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose,    I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball    game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who    hides it in the cake. (Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.) Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? Mike: (puts on a fake smile) Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? (he    takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin) Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm    sorry! Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and    all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my    life with you. (Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face) Mike: I'm gonna do this now. Phoebe: Oh my God! (Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.) Mike: Phoebe, I... Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! (she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring    finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then...) Oh no! (She was    wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.) Mike: Ready? Phoebe: Uh-huh! (and now Mike kneels properly) Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry    me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow    old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? Phoebe: Yes! (Mike puts the ring on her finger) Mike: I love you! Phoebe: I love you more! Mike: Not possible! (they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...) She's gonna    be Mrs. No Balls. (They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.) COMMERCIAL BREAK   [Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are    walking on the sidewalk.]   Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies    are ugly.  Rachel: That's shocking! Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! (She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand,    whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair.) Hello-oo Ross! (to    Rachel) He's rude! THE END     
Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to    Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the    longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn.
Joey: (sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated    for ya?
Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus!
Joey: Yep!
Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’.
Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude.
Joey: Why not?
Joey: Ah, look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH,    WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS?
Joey: What?
Joey: You slept out here?
Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re    getting rid of her.
Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping    Amy badly) "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!"    I don’t need that kind of talk in my house!
Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone?
Joey: Yeah, Monica made us!
Joey: Yeaah.
Joey: (yelling at her) I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!
Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency.
Joey: Yeah.
Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to    hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked)
Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at   all! See ya later! (Leaves)
Joey: (picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani...    Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home    right now... (looks puzzled) Okay, bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was    nice!
Joey: Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachel's room)
Joey: (Yelling from Rachel's room) She has a lot of crap!
Written by: Sebastian Jones   Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa    Final check by    Kim  [Scene: Central Perk, everyone except Phoebe is there] Phoebe: (she enters) Hey... All: Hey! Rachel: Hi! Ross: Pheebs, what's wrong? Phoebe: Oh, I'm just so exhausted from dragging around this...    (she shows her ring) HUGE engagement ring! All: OH! Rachel: My God! Joey: Hey!  Rachel: Congratulations! Wow!! Ross: So, did he get on one knee, did he have a speech prepared,    or (in a tender way) did he cry? (the guys look at him) Yeah, big surprise,    I like proposals! Phoebe: Well, it was really sweet, and like the   most romantic thing ever. Joey: Well, hey! Well... (he takes his mug to toast Phoebe)    Here's to Phoebe, who's found the greatest guy in the world! To Phoebe and...    (a bit uncertain) I wanna say Mike? (pause) To Phoebe and Mike! All: Whoo! Phoebe: Thank you! (to Rachel) Oh, and I have something for    you! Rachel: Mmh-mmh! Phoebe: It's, yes, my little black book. It's got the numbers    of all the guys I've dated. Rachel: Oh, Pheebs, baby, that's nice but, you know what,    I think I'm ok. Why don't you give it to one of your other single girlfriends?   Phoebe: I would, but you're the last one. Rachel: (angrily) GIVE ME THE BOOK! (she takes it and start    reading) Pablo Diaz, Brady Smith, huh, "Guy-in-van"? Phoebe: Oh, my first love!  Rachel: Oh! Monica: What does the red X next to Bob Greenmore's name mean? Phoebe: Dead. (everyone is a bit upset) Oh, it's OK, no,   he  was old, yeah! And he lived a full life, he was in the first wave   at Omaha Beach. Chandler: Hey, I'm sorry, I should have given you guys my    black book when I got married! Although it wasn't so much a book as a... napkin.    With Janice's phone number on it. Rachel: Phoebe, isn't Jethro Tull a band? Phoebe: (proud of herself) Oh yes, they are.  OPENING CREDITS  [Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment]   Chandler: (he enters) Hey honey! Joey: (Looking inside the fridge, and we only see his back.    Then he closes the door, and we see it's Joey.) Hi sweetie! Chandler: Is Monica not here? Joey: No. Chandler: Oh, then I'll tell you. My agency was bidding for   a big account and they got it! It's my first national commercial! Joey: Cool! Chandler: Yeah, and I don't wanna brag but a lot of the ideas    were mine! (silence) Hell, you weren't there? All the ideas were   mine!!! Joey: That's great! Hey, can you cast me in it? Chandler: Oh... I don't know, I really don't think you're    right for the part. Joey: What do you mean? I can do anything, I'm a chameleon!    Huh? (he mimes an old man with a beard) I'm old! (then he yawns) I'm tired!    (then he mimes someone who's hot...) Hey, I'm hot (...and cold) I'm cold!! Huh??    Come on! What can't I do? Chandler: First of all. Bravo. Uh, but I really don't think    you're right for this. The part calls for a stuffy college professor. Joey: I can do that! (in a deeper voice) "Hello, I'm    your professor. When I'm not busy thinking of important things or... professing.    I like to use..." Oh, what's the product? Chandler: Software that facilitates inter-business networking    e-solutions? Joey: (after a long pause he starts miming again) I'm cold!    [Scene: Central Perk. Charlie is sitting on the couch and Ross    enters.]   Ross: (to Charlie) Hey! Charlie: Hey! Ross: Guess who's a finalist for a huge research   grant!  I'll give you a hint, he's looking right at you.  Charlie: Ah, well, unless it's the creepy guy with his hand    up his kilt, I'm gonna say congratulations!  Ross: Oh, I'm so excited, I mean, apparently I beat out hundreds    of other applicants, included five guys I went to graduate school with. Not      that I'm keeping score or anything... five! Charlie: Wow, that's great! So, tell me about the grant! Ross: Well, ok, it's for 25 thousand dollars. And if I get    it, I'll finally be able to complete my field research! And there    will be  an article about me in the "Paleontology Review"! Yeah!    That'll be  the first time my name is in there, without people raising serious    questions    about my work! Charlie: Wait. Are you talking about the Dewar grant? Ross: Yeah. Why? Charlie: Benjamin Hobart is administering that grant. Ross: Your ex-boyfriend? Charlie: Yeah. Ross: So, your ex-boyfriend is gonna determine if your new    boyfriend gets this grant? Wow, your new boyfriend is screwed! Charlie: No, no, we ended up in great terms. I mean, if anything,    I think this could help you. You know what? Why don't we all go out to dinner    together, and I can introduce you. Ross: Well, if you think it would help. Charlie: Yes, absolutely. I'll call him. Ross: Ok, now, is there anything I can do to... you know,    butter him up? Anything he really likes? Charlie: Mmh... he does have a pretty serious latex fetish. Ross: We'll see how dinner goes.   [Scene: Phoebe's apartment. She is packing a few tings into boxes.] Phoebe: (looking at Monica entering) Hey!  Monica: Hey, you wanna go to see a movie? Phoebe: Well, I told you I had to spend all the day clearing    out stuff, so Mike could move in. Monica: Oh, right. Phoebe: Yeah.  Monica: Oh, well. Now that I'm here I might as well help you    with the cleaning and organizing! Just happen to have my label maker! Phoebe: Oh, it's so hard to get rid of stuff! Did   you and Chandler have to make compromises when you first moved in together? Monica: Uh, Chandler did! What does he want you  to give  up?  Phoebe: A bunch of stuff. And the worst one... he wants me    to get rid of Gladys. Monica: Who's Gladys? (Phoebe shows her a horrific painting    with a half-a-body girl dummy coming out of the frame. Monica's frightened and    she gasps.) Oh! What a tragic loss! Phoebe: Yeah. I really hate to give her up. Oh,   I know!! Oh, you should take her! Monica: (faking happiness) Well, I-I-I-I... I don't know... Phoebe: Why, you don't like her? Monica: Well, of course I do. What's not to like! I'll    take her in a minute! But, you know, I think that you're giving up too    easy, honey. I think that you need to fight for her! Phoebe: Really? You think? Monica: Absolutely! Yes, you say to him "I'm sorry    Mike I can't live without her, she means too much to me!" Phoebe: Ok, I'll fight for her. Ok! Oh, wait, oh I just    realized... if I do that, that means you don't get her. Monica: Damn it, I did not think this through!  [Scene: Central Perk. Rachel, Joey and Emma are there.]    Chandler: Hey you guys.  Rachel: Hi! Joey: Oh! Any word on casting yet? Chandler: Joe, I told you, you're just not right for    the part. Joey: What do you mean? Rach, don't I seem like a professor    you'd buy some kind of e-crap from? Rachel: I'm sorry, this sounds like something I'm never gonna    be interested in. Joey (to Chandler): Look, c'mon, please? It's    not like I'm asking for some crazy favour. This is what I do for a living. I    am a professional actor! (he glances at his watch and sees the time) Oh, man,    I'm two hours late for work! (he stands, ready to go). Look, here's a    copy of my reels. It's got all the commercials that I've been in. Chandler: Joe... Joey: Just watch it, and if you don't like it, you don't    pass it on to your bosses! Chandler: Fine! Joey: Thank you. (he sits down) Chandler: Work, Joe! Joey: Damn it! (he leaves) Chandler (to Rachel): What am I gonna do now? Joey: Just pass it to your boss! Chandler: He's not right for the part. So if I suggest    him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should    learn on their own! Rachel: Just tell Joey that you watched the tape and you liked    it, but your bosses didn't. Then that way, you're the good guy and    they're the bad guys. Chandler: That's good! I liked it, they didn't.    (he sees Joey out of the window hitting on a girl) Joey, for God's sake,    go to work! (Joey runs away).  [Scene: A restaurant. Ross and Charlie are waiting for her ex-boyfriend,    Benjamin Hobart]    Ross: I can't believe I'm about to meet Benjamin Hobart.    I've always thought of him as one of the people I'd invite to my fantasy dinner    party. Do you think there's any chance he'll bring Christie Brinkley    or C3PO? Charlie: (glances over Ross' shoulder) Sorry, looks    like it's just him. Benjamin: Charlie! My God, you look absolutely stunning! Ross: Well, I... I am having a good hair day. Benjamin: So good to see you. Charlie: Me too. (she and Benjamin are hugging for very long    and Ross starts pretending to clear his throat, until they stop) Ross: I'm ok. Charlie: I'm sorry... (introduces them to each other) Ross    Geller... Benjamin Hobart. Ross: It's an honor to meet you. I can't tell    you how long I've been an admirer of your work, I mean, that Nobel prize,    (he thumbs up) whoooo! I mean, I have to tell you that, you're one of    the reasons I got into the field. Benjamin: Oh, well, likewise. Actually, not likewise. I've    never heard of you until this morning, but, it's nice to be nice!  Charlie: Shall we? (they sit down and Benjamin takes Ross'    chair). Benjamin: (to Ross) Thank you! (to Charlie). I can't    believe that you chose this restaurant! Do you remember the night? Charlie: Oh my God, I completely forgot! (they laugh) Oh   my  God! I can't believe they let us back in this place! (they laugh   more, and Ross start laughing too). Benjamin (to Ross): You weren't there! Ross: No, but, it's, you know, it's just a funny image,    you know, the two of you, in this restaurant, with... (laughs nervously)tzz-zzz,    mmm. Charlie: Ross, why don't you tell Benji about your proposal,    while I go to the ladies room? Benjamin: So, tell me about it. Ross: Ok well, I would like to do a dig in the painted desert. Benjamin: M-m. Ross: See, there are still several areas that haven't    been fully excavated. Benjamin: Break up with Charlie! Ross: What? Benjamin: What? Ross: Did you just say "break up with Charlie"? Benjamin: Well, yes, and now. Yes I did say it, and no, I    didn't not say it. Ross: Kind of inappropriate, don't you think? Benjamin: I'm sorry. I just haven't seen her for so    long! All these feelings are rushing back! I'm starting to realize how much    I missed her, and I'm gonna need you to break up with her. Ross: Are you serious? Benjamin: If you say yes then I'm serious, if you say no then    I'm joking! Ross: No! Benjamin: Joking it is!  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters the room.]   Phoebe: Hi! Sorry, I'm late. Monica: Hey, how did it go with Mike, is he gonna let you    keep the painting? Phoebe: No, he really hates it. But he's gonna let me    keep my box of human hair! So you got to pick your battles. But the good news    is, Gladys is yours! Monica: Wow, what's the bad news! Rachel: Who's Gladys? Phoebe: Oh, she's that work of art I made, you know,    with the woman coming out of the frame. Rachel: (sarcastic) Oh, and Monica gets to keep her?   In her house? I am so jealous! Phoebe: Oh, I didn't know you wanted her too! Monica: Huh! Rachel: Well, I mean, sure, of course. But... you already    gave that to Monica, so... Monica: You know, I would give her up, for you. Rachel: No, I couldn't let you do that. Monica: But I want to. Rachel: But I don't want you to. Monica: But I insist! Rachel: But I insist harder! Phoebe: Girls, girls, stop, ok? We'll flip a coin. Heads,    she's Rachel's, tails she's Monica's. (she flips the    coin). Tails! Monica, she's yours! Monica: No, that landed in your food! Rachel: (sarcastic) No, no, that's ok. You won fair    and square. I'm so sad!  [Scene: Chandler walks into Joey's apartment]   Chandler: Hey Joe! Joey: What's up? Chandler: Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along    to my bosses and they weren't interested. Joey: (sounds disappointed) Oh. Chandler: (Hands the tape back to him) I'm sorry man. Joey: (looks at him suspiciously) But, ehm... you watched    the tape? Chandler: (sounds nervous) Yeah! I... I... I liked it! (Joey    continues to look at him suspiciously) But, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it.    Stupid sons of bitches! Joey: (sounds confident) You didn't watch the tape. Chandler: (looks surprised) What!? Of course I did! Joey: Look, it's one thing not to cast me, but to lie to me? Chandler: I'm not lying to you, I watched it! Joey: Well, you lied again! (Rachel comes out of her room    and is observing the conversation) Chandler: I watched it! Joey: Keep going Pinocchio! Chandler: (now yelling) (pretending to look shocked) I did! Joey: (yelling back) No you didn't! (turns and goes towards    his room) Chandler: (following him) I'm telling you, I watched the tape.    (Reaches Joey's room and Joey slams the door in his face) Rachel: Did you watch the tape? Chandler:(In a sarcastic "of course not"!-tone)    No!  [Scene: Interview room. Ross and two other professors (one man,    one woman) are sitting on one side of a long desk. Benjamin Hobart is sitting    on the other side]   Benjamin: The selection committee has chosen the three of    you as our finalists today. The ultimate decision will be based upon the answers    you give to the questions I ask here. I'm gonna start with Dr. Li. Dr. Li, you    claim the field is too reliant on the Linnaean taxonomic system. How do you    propose to correct this problem? Dr. Li: Well, I believe that the answers lie in the osteological    evidence. I plan to begin there. Benjamin: (nods) Interesting. Ross: (Rolls his eyes) I guess! Benjamin: Dr. Biely, your proposal includes some field work.    Where might that take place? Dr. Biely: Primarily in the Pierre Shale region of South Dakota. Benjamin: Certainly. Very well. And Dr. Geller, when is my    birthday? Ross: (shocked and confused by the question) What? I... I...    (Benjamin looks at him as if to say "What's wrong? Answer the question") Benjamin: Care to venture a guess? Ross: (annoyed) May 12th? Benjamin: (looks surprised and un-impressed) That's not even    kinda close! (Ross looks around confused) Dr. Li, how many graduate students    you'd be needing? Dr. Li: Half a dozen. Benjamin: I see, and Dr. Biely? Dr. Biely: Three for excavation and two for analysis. Benjamin: Certainly. Dr. Geller, which 1965 Shirelles hit    was later covered by a popular British invasion band? Ross: (even more shocked) Wha..? I need 6 graduate students.   Benjamin: No! I'm sorry, we were looking for "Baby It's    You". Baby It's You. Ross: Wha...? Wait, wait, wait, just a minute. None of my    questions have anything to do with Paleontology. Benjamin: You're right, I apologize. Scratch the last question.    Spell "Boscodictiasaur". Ross: (annoyed) um... I've never heard of a "Boscodictiasaur". Benjamin: Yeah, I just made it up. Spell it. Ross: (stares at him angrily) Ok. (determined to spell it    correctly) B - O - S ... Benjamin: No, it starts with a silent "M". Ross: Oh come on!!  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. Chandler and Rachel are    talking.]   Chandler: I can't believe Joey. I hate being called a liar! Rachel: But you are a liar. Chandler: What did I just say? (Joey comes out of his room) Joey: You still here? Chandler: Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am    insulted. When I tell somebody I did something... Joey: Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there, ok?    First, you lied, right? Then, you lied about lying, ok? Then you lied about    lying about lying, ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying    about... lying... (loses count and begins to count the number of 'lyings' in    the air but gives up.) (yelling) Stop lying! Chandler: Why are you so sure I didn't watch this tape? Joey: (very angry) You wanna know wh...? You wanna know why?    (goes back into his room)  Rachel: Well, this is going well. (Chandler looks worried) Joey: (comes out holding the tape) Here's how I know you didn't    watch the tape, ok? (puts it into the vcr) If you had seen what was on this    tape, believe me, you would have some comments. Alright, now remember, I    got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan. (presses play    and he appears on the TV screen and a TV commercial begins) (The commercial: Joey says "Ichiban". It displays a few girls dancing around and Joey    fills most of the screen, he puts something blue on his lips and smacks them    saying "Lipstick For Men!" It goes on to show him playing a guitar    and putting on more blue lipstick. In the end he says seductively "Ichiban...    Lipstick For Men" and "Sahiko" and it ends. Chandler and Rachel    are speechless.)  Joey: (Yelling at Chandler) And that's how I know you    didn't watch the tape! (goes back to his room and slams the door).  (Silence) Chandler: He really is a chameleon.  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters carrying the horrific    'painting' of Gladys. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the couch.]   Phoebe: (smiling from ear to ear) Well, Gladys say hello to    your new home! (she holds out the 'painting') Monica: (faking happiness) Oh, my!  Rachel: (surprised by how ugly it is) Wow! (sarcastic) Oh,    she's so nice and big! Oh, Monica, where are you going to display Gladys oh    so proudly? (looks around for a spot)  Monica: (sounds desperate, knowing what Rachel is trying to    do) I haven't really settled on a spot yet! Rachel: Well, hey! How about right above the TV? (Points to    the spot where her famous French poster is hanging). That way, it will be    the first thing that you see when you walk in the door! Phoebe: (genuinely excited about it) Yeah, yeah! And you can    get rid of that French poster. Monica: (offended) I like that poster! Phoebe: Really? It doesn't have anything coming out of it.    Or maybe there is some place for her in your bedroom? Rachel: (jumps at the chance to make that happen) Oh! There's    nothing above your bed!! Monica: (Impatient with Rachel) Are you still here? [Scene: Ross' office. Ross is pacing and Benjamin enters]   Ross: Oh hi! Hello! Uh, have you come to ask me some more paleontology    related questions? Uhm... your grandmother's nickname, perhaps? (Now yelling)    Aunt Margaret's pants size? Benjamin: I've come here to apologize. I think I may have    let my feelings for Charlie interfere with the interview process.  Ross: (Sarcastic) No! Stop!  Benjamin: Anyway, I've decided to offer you the grant.  Ross: (Skeptical) Really? Benjamin: Well... there is just one small... stipulation... Ross: I have to break up with Charlie? Benjamin: Hey, you got one right! (Ross shakes his head)  Ross: You're crazy. Benjamin: Crazy, or... romantic? Ross: Crazy! Benjamin: Ooor... Ross: (Yelling) Get out! (Benjamin leaves)  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Rachel enters, checking the mail, then looks up and sees Gladys placed on    the barcalounger.) Rachel: O-oh my God! Joey: (enters from his bedroom) What? Rachel: Joey, what... is... this...thing... doing here? Joey: I got it from Monica. She sold it to me for a very    reasonable price. Rachel: Joey, we're not keeping this! Joey: But it's an original Buffay... Rachel: Alright, fine. You can keep it. As long as you don't    mind that she's haunted.  Joey: Hey? what? what? wey! whoo! what? what!? Rachel: Well, legend has it Joey, that... she comes alive    when you're asleep. (Joey's eyes are twice their size now, and looks nervously from Rachel to Gladys    and back.) Rachel: She climbs out of the frame, and then drags her half-a-body    across the floor, just looking for legs to steal. (in a spooky, slow voice)    And then with her one good hand, she slo-o-owly re-e-a-aches up and turns your    doorknob. Joey: GET THAT LEGLESS WITCH OUT OF HERE! (Joey leaves for his bedroom, and Rachel grins. She then takes Gladys and enters    Monica's apartment.) Monica: Hey! I sold that to Joey. Rachel: Well, why I told him it's haunted. Two can play at    this game. (gives Gladys to Monica) Monica: No, too late. You can't give it back! (she pushes    the painting back to Rachel) Rachel: Yes I can! (pushes her back again) Monica: No you can't. She's yours! Rachel: She's yours! Monica: SHE'S YOURS! Rachel: She's yours! (While they are both pushing the painting towards each other, Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Hey! (there's a pause) Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's m-i-i-ne! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Phoebe: You guys! You guys! You don't have to fight over her    anymore. (she goes out into the hallway and enters with an even more hideous    painting/collage. One of those faceles mannequins heads wearing a blueish dress    and orange gloves reaching out into the room. Around the head 3 small dolls    are hovering.) Whoever doesn't get Gladys gets Glynnis. (Rachel and Monica are    gasping for air at the sight of this monstrous piece of art.) Rachel: I want Gladys! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey's home alone, reading a Sports    Illustrated magazine when Chandler enters.] Chandler: Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And    I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part    or not. Joey: That's not the point Chandler. The point is that you    lied. Chandler: I know. You're right. What's it gonna take for you    to forgive me?  [Scene: Central Perk. Monica, Phoebe and Rachel are on the couch.] Monica: Oh my God! (we see Joey and Chandler standing there, and Chandler is wearing the blue    Ichiban lipstick!) Rachel: Excellent! Joey: Now, what do you say? Chandler: Lying is wrong! Joey: And?... AND? Chandler: I'm a pretty little girl. Phoebe: I knew it!  [Scene: Central Perk. Some time later that day. The group has    left and Charlie is there when Ross enters.] Ross: Your ex-boyfriend is insane. Charlie: Did you get the grant? Ross: No I didn't, and you want to know why? Because your    ex-boyfriend is still in love with you. Charlie: What? Ross: Yeah. He wouldn't give me the grant, because I wouldn't    give you up. Charlie: Benji isn't in love with me. I mean, he broke up    with me. And besides, he's a very ethical man. Ross: Really? Is it ethical to ask someone in a grant review,    who was the voice of "Underdog"? Charlie: I'm sure he was just joking, Ross. Ross: If you don't believe me, let's go talk to him, okay?    I'm telling you, he didn't ask me one paleontological question. Charlie: Seriously? Ross: Oh, I'm sorry, no. He did ask me one. Uhm... How do    you spell Mboscodictiosaur? Charlie: Well, if it's like the lake Mbosco in Congo, then    M-B-O...  Ross: Damnit!  [Scene: Benjamin's office. Ross and Charlie are entering.] Benjamin: Dr. Geller...? Charlie... What are you... what are    you doing here? Ross: I want you to tell her everything. About the deal you    tried to make with me, about the crazy questions you... Wally Cox! That's the    voice of Underdog! Benjamin: Like I tried to tell you in the interview Ross,    this grant is not based on your knowledge of pretty useless trivia. Ross: No, no, no. Don't do that! I want you to look her in    the eyes, and tell her the truth. Charlie: Benji? Benjamin: Alright, it's true. I behaved horribly. But it's    only because I still love you. And I would do anything to have you back in    my life. Ross: Too little, too late, Benji! Charlie: I can't believe this. Benjamin: I never should have broken up with you. I think    about you all the time. I mean, do you ever still think about me?  Ross: (indignant) No! Charlie: Yes! Ross: What? Charlie: I don't know what to say, Benji. This is all so....    romantic. Ross: or... Benjamin: Listen, I know, I may be way out of bounds here,    but is there any chance you will take me back? Charlie: Maybe... Ross: Sweetie, this conversation is starting to make me a    little uncomfortable. Charlie: Oh God! I am so sorry, but... (she puts her hand    on Ross's cheek) I mean it's... there's so much history between us, you know... Benjamin: (puts his hand on Ross's other cheek) I'm sorry    too... (Charlie and Benji both let their hands slide down Ross's face, until their    hands meet, and they hold hands.) Benjamin: I love you! Charlie: I love you too! (and they start to kiss) Ross: Okay, that's it. WE ARE SEEING OTHER PEOPLE!    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene: Joey's bedroom. Joey's asleep with Hugsy, the penguin    right next to him.] (There are scratching and squeaking noises coming from the living room, and    Joey wakes up, terrified. He pulls his blanket higher. The doorknob is turning.) Joey: Gladys? (The door opens, and there is Gladys, still in her frame though. Joey panics    and moves frantically, screaming. Then there is laughing, and the painting is    lowered. It was Rachel holding Gladys.)  Rachel: Ha ha ha, third time this week. Man, this does not    get old. Joey: You're mean! Rachel: Oh, don't be such a baby! (She closes his door again, and turns around. Then she starts screaming, terrified.    There is Glynnis... And Monica holding her up, laughing.)  end        
Joey: Hey!  Rachel: Congratulations! Wow!!
Joey: Well, hey! Well... (he takes his mug to toast Phoebe)    Here's to Phoebe, who's found the greatest guy in the world! To Phoebe and...    (a bit uncertain) I wanna say Mike? (pause) To Phoebe and Mike!
Joey: (Looking inside the fridge, and we only see his back.    Then he closes the door, and we see it's Joey.) Hi sweetie!
Joey: No.
Joey: Cool!
Joey: That's great! Hey, can you cast me in it?
Joey: What do you mean? I can do anything, I'm a chameleon!    Huh? (he mimes an old man with a beard) I'm old! (then he yawns) I'm tired!    (then he mimes someone who's hot...) Hey, I'm hot (...and cold) I'm cold!! Huh??    Come on! What can't I do?
Joey: I can do that! (in a deeper voice) "Hello, I'm    your professor. When I'm not busy thinking of important things or... professing.    I like to use..." Oh, what's the product?
Joey: (after a long pause he starts miming again) I'm cold! 
Phoebe: (looking at Monica entering) Hey!  Monica: Hey, you wanna go to see a movie? Phoebe: Well, I told you I had to spend all the day clearing    out stuff, so Mike could move in. Monica: Oh, right. Phoebe: Yeah.  Monica: Oh, well. Now that I'm here I might as well help you    with the cleaning and organizing! Just happen to have my label maker! Phoebe: Oh, it's so hard to get rid of stuff! Did   you and Chandler have to make compromises when you first moved in together? Monica: Uh, Chandler did! What does he want you  to give  up?  Phoebe: A bunch of stuff. And the worst one... he wants me    to get rid of Gladys. Monica: Who's Gladys? (Phoebe shows her a horrific painting    with a half-a-body girl dummy coming out of the frame. Monica's frightened and    she gasps.) Oh! What a tragic loss! Phoebe: Yeah. I really hate to give her up. Oh,   I know!! Oh, you should take her! Monica: (faking happiness) Well, I-I-I-I... I don't know... Phoebe: Why, you don't like her? Monica: Well, of course I do. What's not to like! I'll    take her in a minute! But, you know, I think that you're giving up too    easy, honey. I think that you need to fight for her! Phoebe: Really? You think? Monica: Absolutely! Yes, you say to him "I'm sorry    Mike I can't live without her, she means too much to me!" Phoebe: Ok, I'll fight for her. Ok! Oh, wait, oh I just    realized... if I do that, that means you don't get her. Monica: Damn it, I did not think this through!  [Scene: Central Perk. Rachel, Joey and Emma are there.]    Chandler: Hey you guys.  Rachel: Hi! Joey: Oh! Any word on casting yet? Chandler: Joe, I told you, you're just not right for    the part. Joey: What do you mean? Rach, don't I seem like a professor    you'd buy some kind of e-crap from? Rachel: I'm sorry, this sounds like something I'm never gonna    be interested in. Joey (to Chandler): Look, c'mon, please? It's    not like I'm asking for some crazy favour. This is what I do for a living. I    am a professional actor! (he glances at his watch and sees the time) Oh, man,    I'm two hours late for work! (he stands, ready to go). Look, here's a    copy of my reels. It's got all the commercials that I've been in. Chandler: Joe... Joey: Just watch it, and if you don't like it, you don't    pass it on to your bosses! Chandler: Fine! Joey: Thank you. (he sits down) Chandler: Work, Joe! Joey: Damn it! (he leaves) Chandler (to Rachel): What am I gonna do now? Joey: Just pass it to your boss! Chandler: He's not right for the part. So if I suggest    him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should    learn on their own! Rachel: Just tell Joey that you watched the tape and you liked    it, but your bosses didn't. Then that way, you're the good guy and    they're the bad guys. Chandler: That's good! I liked it, they didn't.    (he sees Joey out of the window hitting on a girl) Joey, for God's sake,    go to work! (Joey runs away).  [Scene: A restaurant. Ross and Charlie are waiting for her ex-boyfriend,    Benjamin Hobart]    Ross: I can't believe I'm about to meet Benjamin Hobart.    I've always thought of him as one of the people I'd invite to my fantasy dinner    party. Do you think there's any chance he'll bring Christie Brinkley    or C3PO? Charlie: (glances over Ross' shoulder) Sorry, looks    like it's just him. Benjamin: Charlie! My God, you look absolutely stunning! Ross: Well, I... I am having a good hair day. Benjamin: So good to see you. Charlie: Me too. (she and Benjamin are hugging for very long    and Ross starts pretending to clear his throat, until they stop) Ross: I'm ok. Charlie: I'm sorry... (introduces them to each other) Ross    Geller... Benjamin Hobart. Ross: It's an honor to meet you. I can't tell    you how long I've been an admirer of your work, I mean, that Nobel prize,    (he thumbs up) whoooo! I mean, I have to tell you that, you're one of    the reasons I got into the field. Benjamin: Oh, well, likewise. Actually, not likewise. I've    never heard of you until this morning, but, it's nice to be nice!  Charlie: Shall we? (they sit down and Benjamin takes Ross'    chair). Benjamin: (to Ross) Thank you! (to Charlie). I can't    believe that you chose this restaurant! Do you remember the night? Charlie: Oh my God, I completely forgot! (they laugh) Oh   my  God! I can't believe they let us back in this place! (they laugh   more, and Ross start laughing too). Benjamin (to Ross): You weren't there! Ross: No, but, it's, you know, it's just a funny image,    you know, the two of you, in this restaurant, with... (laughs nervously)tzz-zzz,    mmm. Charlie: Ross, why don't you tell Benji about your proposal,    while I go to the ladies room? Benjamin: So, tell me about it. Ross: Ok well, I would like to do a dig in the painted desert. Benjamin: M-m. Ross: See, there are still several areas that haven't    been fully excavated. Benjamin: Break up with Charlie! Ross: What? Benjamin: What? Ross: Did you just say "break up with Charlie"? Benjamin: Well, yes, and now. Yes I did say it, and no, I    didn't not say it. Ross: Kind of inappropriate, don't you think? Benjamin: I'm sorry. I just haven't seen her for so    long! All these feelings are rushing back! I'm starting to realize how much    I missed her, and I'm gonna need you to break up with her. Ross: Are you serious? Benjamin: If you say yes then I'm serious, if you say no then    I'm joking! Ross: No! Benjamin: Joking it is!  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters the room.]   Phoebe: Hi! Sorry, I'm late. Monica: Hey, how did it go with Mike, is he gonna let you    keep the painting? Phoebe: No, he really hates it. But he's gonna let me    keep my box of human hair! So you got to pick your battles. But the good news    is, Gladys is yours! Monica: Wow, what's the bad news! Rachel: Who's Gladys? Phoebe: Oh, she's that work of art I made, you know,    with the woman coming out of the frame. Rachel: (sarcastic) Oh, and Monica gets to keep her?   In her house? I am so jealous! Phoebe: Oh, I didn't know you wanted her too! Monica: Huh! Rachel: Well, I mean, sure, of course. But... you already    gave that to Monica, so... Monica: You know, I would give her up, for you. Rachel: No, I couldn't let you do that. Monica: But I want to. Rachel: But I don't want you to. Monica: But I insist! Rachel: But I insist harder! Phoebe: Girls, girls, stop, ok? We'll flip a coin. Heads,    she's Rachel's, tails she's Monica's. (she flips the    coin). Tails! Monica, she's yours! Monica: No, that landed in your food! Rachel: (sarcastic) No, no, that's ok. You won fair    and square. I'm so sad!  [Scene: Chandler walks into Joey's apartment]   Chandler: Hey Joe! Joey: What's up? Chandler: Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along    to my bosses and they weren't interested. Joey: (sounds disappointed) Oh. Chandler: (Hands the tape back to him) I'm sorry man. Joey: (looks at him suspiciously) But, ehm... you watched    the tape? Chandler: (sounds nervous) Yeah! I... I... I liked it! (Joey    continues to look at him suspiciously) But, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it.    Stupid sons of bitches! Joey: (sounds confident) You didn't watch the tape. Chandler: (looks surprised) What!? Of course I did! Joey: Look, it's one thing not to cast me, but to lie to me? Chandler: I'm not lying to you, I watched it! Joey: Well, you lied again! (Rachel comes out of her room    and is observing the conversation) Chandler: I watched it! Joey: Keep going Pinocchio! Chandler: (now yelling) (pretending to look shocked) I did! Joey: (yelling back) No you didn't! (turns and goes towards    his room) Chandler: (following him) I'm telling you, I watched the tape.    (Reaches Joey's room and Joey slams the door in his face) Rachel: Did you watch the tape? Chandler:(In a sarcastic "of course not"!-tone)    No!  [Scene: Interview room. Ross and two other professors (one man,    one woman) are sitting on one side of a long desk. Benjamin Hobart is sitting    on the other side]   Benjamin: The selection committee has chosen the three of    you as our finalists today. The ultimate decision will be based upon the answers    you give to the questions I ask here. I'm gonna start with Dr. Li. Dr. Li, you    claim the field is too reliant on the Linnaean taxonomic system. How do you    propose to correct this problem? Dr. Li: Well, I believe that the answers lie in the osteological    evidence. I plan to begin there. Benjamin: (nods) Interesting. Ross: (Rolls his eyes) I guess! Benjamin: Dr. Biely, your proposal includes some field work.    Where might that take place? Dr. Biely: Primarily in the Pierre Shale region of South Dakota. Benjamin: Certainly. Very well. And Dr. Geller, when is my    birthday? Ross: (shocked and confused by the question) What? I... I...    (Benjamin looks at him as if to say "What's wrong? Answer the question") Benjamin: Care to venture a guess? Ross: (annoyed) May 12th? Benjamin: (looks surprised and un-impressed) That's not even    kinda close! (Ross looks around confused) Dr. Li, how many graduate students    you'd be needing? Dr. Li: Half a dozen. Benjamin: I see, and Dr. Biely? Dr. Biely: Three for excavation and two for analysis. Benjamin: Certainly. Dr. Geller, which 1965 Shirelles hit    was later covered by a popular British invasion band? Ross: (even more shocked) Wha..? I need 6 graduate students.   Benjamin: No! I'm sorry, we were looking for "Baby It's    You". Baby It's You. Ross: Wha...? Wait, wait, wait, just a minute. None of my    questions have anything to do with Paleontology. Benjamin: You're right, I apologize. Scratch the last question.    Spell "Boscodictiasaur". Ross: (annoyed) um... I've never heard of a "Boscodictiasaur". Benjamin: Yeah, I just made it up. Spell it. Ross: (stares at him angrily) Ok. (determined to spell it    correctly) B - O - S ... Benjamin: No, it starts with a silent "M". Ross: Oh come on!!  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. Chandler and Rachel are    talking.]   Chandler: I can't believe Joey. I hate being called a liar! Rachel: But you are a liar. Chandler: What did I just say? (Joey comes out of his room) Joey: You still here? Chandler: Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am    insulted. When I tell somebody I did something... Joey: Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there, ok?    First, you lied, right? Then, you lied about lying, ok? Then you lied about    lying about lying, ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying    about... lying... (loses count and begins to count the number of 'lyings' in    the air but gives up.) (yelling) Stop lying! Chandler: Why are you so sure I didn't watch this tape? Joey: (very angry) You wanna know wh...? You wanna know why?    (goes back into his room)  Rachel: Well, this is going well. (Chandler looks worried) Joey: (comes out holding the tape) Here's how I know you didn't    watch the tape, ok? (puts it into the vcr) If you had seen what was on this    tape, believe me, you would have some comments. Alright, now remember, I    got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan. (presses play    and he appears on the TV screen and a TV commercial begins) (The commercial: Joey says "Ichiban". It displays a few girls dancing around and Joey    fills most of the screen, he puts something blue on his lips and smacks them    saying "Lipstick For Men!" It goes on to show him playing a guitar    and putting on more blue lipstick. In the end he says seductively "Ichiban...    Lipstick For Men" and "Sahiko" and it ends. Chandler and Rachel    are speechless.)  Joey: (Yelling at Chandler) And that's how I know you    didn't watch the tape! (goes back to his room and slams the door).  (Silence) Chandler: He really is a chameleon.  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters carrying the horrific    'painting' of Gladys. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the couch.]   Phoebe: (smiling from ear to ear) Well, Gladys say hello to    your new home! (she holds out the 'painting') Monica: (faking happiness) Oh, my!  Rachel: (surprised by how ugly it is) Wow! (sarcastic) Oh,    she's so nice and big! Oh, Monica, where are you going to display Gladys oh    so proudly? (looks around for a spot)  Monica: (sounds desperate, knowing what Rachel is trying to    do) I haven't really settled on a spot yet! Rachel: Well, hey! How about right above the TV? (Points to    the spot where her famous French poster is hanging). That way, it will be    the first thing that you see when you walk in the door! Phoebe: (genuinely excited about it) Yeah, yeah! And you can    get rid of that French poster. Monica: (offended) I like that poster! Phoebe: Really? It doesn't have anything coming out of it.    Or maybe there is some place for her in your bedroom? Rachel: (jumps at the chance to make that happen) Oh! There's    nothing above your bed!! Monica: (Impatient with Rachel) Are you still here? [Scene: Ross' office. Ross is pacing and Benjamin enters]   Ross: Oh hi! Hello! Uh, have you come to ask me some more paleontology    related questions? Uhm... your grandmother's nickname, perhaps? (Now yelling)    Aunt Margaret's pants size? Benjamin: I've come here to apologize. I think I may have    let my feelings for Charlie interfere with the interview process.  Ross: (Sarcastic) No! Stop!  Benjamin: Anyway, I've decided to offer you the grant.  Ross: (Skeptical) Really? Benjamin: Well... there is just one small... stipulation... Ross: I have to break up with Charlie? Benjamin: Hey, you got one right! (Ross shakes his head)  Ross: You're crazy. Benjamin: Crazy, or... romantic? Ross: Crazy! Benjamin: Ooor... Ross: (Yelling) Get out! (Benjamin leaves)  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Rachel enters, checking the mail, then looks up and sees Gladys placed on    the barcalounger.) Rachel: O-oh my God! Joey: (enters from his bedroom) What? Rachel: Joey, what... is... this...thing... doing here? Joey: I got it from Monica. She sold it to me for a very    reasonable price. Rachel: Joey, we're not keeping this! Joey: But it's an original Buffay... Rachel: Alright, fine. You can keep it. As long as you don't    mind that she's haunted.  Joey: Hey? what? what? wey! whoo! what? what!? Rachel: Well, legend has it Joey, that... she comes alive    when you're asleep. (Joey's eyes are twice their size now, and looks nervously from Rachel to Gladys    and back.) Rachel: She climbs out of the frame, and then drags her half-a-body    across the floor, just looking for legs to steal. (in a spooky, slow voice)    And then with her one good hand, she slo-o-owly re-e-a-aches up and turns your    doorknob. Joey: GET THAT LEGLESS WITCH OUT OF HERE! (Joey leaves for his bedroom, and Rachel grins. She then takes Gladys and enters    Monica's apartment.) Monica: Hey! I sold that to Joey. Rachel: Well, why I told him it's haunted. Two can play at    this game. (gives Gladys to Monica) Monica: No, too late. You can't give it back! (she pushes    the painting back to Rachel) Rachel: Yes I can! (pushes her back again) Monica: No you can't. She's yours! Rachel: She's yours! Monica: SHE'S YOURS! Rachel: She's yours! (While they are both pushing the painting towards each other, Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Hey! (there's a pause) Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's m-i-i-ne! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Phoebe: You guys! You guys! You don't have to fight over her    anymore. (she goes out into the hallway and enters with an even more hideous    painting/collage. One of those faceles mannequins heads wearing a blueish dress    and orange gloves reaching out into the room. Around the head 3 small dolls    are hovering.) Whoever doesn't get Gladys gets Glynnis. (Rachel and Monica are    gasping for air at the sight of this monstrous piece of art.) Rachel: I want Gladys! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey's home alone, reading a Sports    Illustrated magazine when Chandler enters.] Chandler: Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And    I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part    or not. Joey: That's not the point Chandler. The point is that you    lied. Chandler: I know. You're right. What's it gonna take for you    to forgive me?  [Scene: Central Perk. Monica, Phoebe and Rachel are on the couch.] Monica: Oh my God! (we see Joey and Chandler standing there, and Chandler is wearing the blue    Ichiban lipstick!) Rachel: Excellent! Joey: Now, what do you say? Chandler: Lying is wrong! Joey: And?... AND? Chandler: I'm a pretty little girl. Phoebe: I knew it!  [Scene: Central Perk. Some time later that day. The group has    left and Charlie is there when Ross enters.] Ross: Your ex-boyfriend is insane. Charlie: Did you get the grant? Ross: No I didn't, and you want to know why? Because your    ex-boyfriend is still in love with you. Charlie: What? Ross: Yeah. He wouldn't give me the grant, because I wouldn't    give you up. Charlie: Benji isn't in love with me. I mean, he broke up    with me. And besides, he's a very ethical man. Ross: Really? Is it ethical to ask someone in a grant review,    who was the voice of "Underdog"? Charlie: I'm sure he was just joking, Ross. Ross: If you don't believe me, let's go talk to him, okay?    I'm telling you, he didn't ask me one paleontological question. Charlie: Seriously? Ross: Oh, I'm sorry, no. He did ask me one. Uhm... How do    you spell Mboscodictiosaur? Charlie: Well, if it's like the lake Mbosco in Congo, then    M-B-O...  Ross: Damnit!  [Scene: Benjamin's office. Ross and Charlie are entering.] Benjamin: Dr. Geller...? Charlie... What are you... what are    you doing here? Ross: I want you to tell her everything. About the deal you    tried to make with me, about the crazy questions you... Wally Cox! That's the    voice of Underdog! Benjamin: Like I tried to tell you in the interview Ross,    this grant is not based on your knowledge of pretty useless trivia. Ross: No, no, no. Don't do that! I want you to look her in    the eyes, and tell her the truth. Charlie: Benji? Benjamin: Alright, it's true. I behaved horribly. But it's    only because I still love you. And I would do anything to have you back in    my life. Ross: Too little, too late, Benji! Charlie: I can't believe this. Benjamin: I never should have broken up with you. I think    about you all the time. I mean, do you ever still think about me?  Ross: (indignant) No! Charlie: Yes! Ross: What? Charlie: I don't know what to say, Benji. This is all so....    romantic. Ross: or... Benjamin: Listen, I know, I may be way out of bounds here,    but is there any chance you will take me back? Charlie: Maybe... Ross: Sweetie, this conversation is starting to make me a    little uncomfortable. Charlie: Oh God! I am so sorry, but... (she puts her hand    on Ross's cheek) I mean it's... there's so much history between us, you know... Benjamin: (puts his hand on Ross's other cheek) I'm sorry    too... (Charlie and Benji both let their hands slide down Ross's face, until their    hands meet, and they hold hands.) Benjamin: I love you! Charlie: I love you too! (and they start to kiss) Ross: Okay, that's it. WE ARE SEEING OTHER PEOPLE!    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene: Joey's bedroom. Joey's asleep with Hugsy, the penguin    right next to him.] (There are scratching and squeaking noises coming from the living room, and    Joey wakes up, terrified. He pulls his blanket higher. The doorknob is turning.) Joey: Gladys? (The door opens, and there is Gladys, still in her frame though. Joey panics    and moves frantically, screaming. Then there is laughing, and the painting is    lowered. It was Rachel holding Gladys.)  Rachel: Ha ha ha, third time this week. Man, this does not    get old. Joey: You're mean! Rachel: Oh, don't be such a baby! (She closes his door again, and turns around. Then she starts screaming, terrified.    There is Glynnis... And Monica holding her up, laughing.)  end        
   Chandler: Hey you guys.  Rachel: Hi! Joey: Oh! Any word on casting yet? Chandler: Joe, I told you, you're just not right for    the part. Joey: What do you mean? Rach, don't I seem like a professor    you'd buy some kind of e-crap from? Rachel: I'm sorry, this sounds like something I'm never gonna    be interested in. Joey (to Chandler): Look, c'mon, please? It's    not like I'm asking for some crazy favour. This is what I do for a living. I    am a professional actor! (he glances at his watch and sees the time) Oh, man,    I'm two hours late for work! (he stands, ready to go). Look, here's a    copy of my reels. It's got all the commercials that I've been in. Chandler: Joe... Joey: Just watch it, and if you don't like it, you don't    pass it on to your bosses! Chandler: Fine! Joey: Thank you. (he sits down) Chandler: Work, Joe! Joey: Damn it! (he leaves) Chandler (to Rachel): What am I gonna do now? Joey: Just pass it to your boss! Chandler: He's not right for the part. So if I suggest    him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should    learn on their own! Rachel: Just tell Joey that you watched the tape and you liked    it, but your bosses didn't. Then that way, you're the good guy and    they're the bad guys. Chandler: That's good! I liked it, they didn't.    (he sees Joey out of the window hitting on a girl) Joey, for God's sake,    go to work! (Joey runs away).  [Scene: A restaurant. Ross and Charlie are waiting for her ex-boyfriend,    Benjamin Hobart]    Ross: I can't believe I'm about to meet Benjamin Hobart.    I've always thought of him as one of the people I'd invite to my fantasy dinner    party. Do you think there's any chance he'll bring Christie Brinkley    or C3PO? Charlie: (glances over Ross' shoulder) Sorry, looks    like it's just him. Benjamin: Charlie! My God, you look absolutely stunning! Ross: Well, I... I am having a good hair day. Benjamin: So good to see you. Charlie: Me too. (she and Benjamin are hugging for very long    and Ross starts pretending to clear his throat, until they stop) Ross: I'm ok. Charlie: I'm sorry... (introduces them to each other) Ross    Geller... Benjamin Hobart. Ross: It's an honor to meet you. I can't tell    you how long I've been an admirer of your work, I mean, that Nobel prize,    (he thumbs up) whoooo! I mean, I have to tell you that, you're one of    the reasons I got into the field. Benjamin: Oh, well, likewise. Actually, not likewise. I've    never heard of you until this morning, but, it's nice to be nice!  Charlie: Shall we? (they sit down and Benjamin takes Ross'    chair). Benjamin: (to Ross) Thank you! (to Charlie). I can't    believe that you chose this restaurant! Do you remember the night? Charlie: Oh my God, I completely forgot! (they laugh) Oh   my  God! I can't believe they let us back in this place! (they laugh   more, and Ross start laughing too). Benjamin (to Ross): You weren't there! Ross: No, but, it's, you know, it's just a funny image,    you know, the two of you, in this restaurant, with... (laughs nervously)tzz-zzz,    mmm. Charlie: Ross, why don't you tell Benji about your proposal,    while I go to the ladies room? Benjamin: So, tell me about it. Ross: Ok well, I would like to do a dig in the painted desert. Benjamin: M-m. Ross: See, there are still several areas that haven't    been fully excavated. Benjamin: Break up with Charlie! Ross: What? Benjamin: What? Ross: Did you just say "break up with Charlie"? Benjamin: Well, yes, and now. Yes I did say it, and no, I    didn't not say it. Ross: Kind of inappropriate, don't you think? Benjamin: I'm sorry. I just haven't seen her for so    long! All these feelings are rushing back! I'm starting to realize how much    I missed her, and I'm gonna need you to break up with her. Ross: Are you serious? Benjamin: If you say yes then I'm serious, if you say no then    I'm joking! Ross: No! Benjamin: Joking it is!  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters the room.]   Phoebe: Hi! Sorry, I'm late. Monica: Hey, how did it go with Mike, is he gonna let you    keep the painting? Phoebe: No, he really hates it. But he's gonna let me    keep my box of human hair! So you got to pick your battles. But the good news    is, Gladys is yours! Monica: Wow, what's the bad news! Rachel: Who's Gladys? Phoebe: Oh, she's that work of art I made, you know,    with the woman coming out of the frame. Rachel: (sarcastic) Oh, and Monica gets to keep her?   In her house? I am so jealous! Phoebe: Oh, I didn't know you wanted her too! Monica: Huh! Rachel: Well, I mean, sure, of course. But... you already    gave that to Monica, so... Monica: You know, I would give her up, for you. Rachel: No, I couldn't let you do that. Monica: But I want to. Rachel: But I don't want you to. Monica: But I insist! Rachel: But I insist harder! Phoebe: Girls, girls, stop, ok? We'll flip a coin. Heads,    she's Rachel's, tails she's Monica's. (she flips the    coin). Tails! Monica, she's yours! Monica: No, that landed in your food! Rachel: (sarcastic) No, no, that's ok. You won fair    and square. I'm so sad!  [Scene: Chandler walks into Joey's apartment]   Chandler: Hey Joe! Joey: What's up? Chandler: Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along    to my bosses and they weren't interested. Joey: (sounds disappointed) Oh. Chandler: (Hands the tape back to him) I'm sorry man. Joey: (looks at him suspiciously) But, ehm... you watched    the tape? Chandler: (sounds nervous) Yeah! I... I... I liked it! (Joey    continues to look at him suspiciously) But, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it.    Stupid sons of bitches! Joey: (sounds confident) You didn't watch the tape. Chandler: (looks surprised) What!? Of course I did! Joey: Look, it's one thing not to cast me, but to lie to me? Chandler: I'm not lying to you, I watched it! Joey: Well, you lied again! (Rachel comes out of her room    and is observing the conversation) Chandler: I watched it! Joey: Keep going Pinocchio! Chandler: (now yelling) (pretending to look shocked) I did! Joey: (yelling back) No you didn't! (turns and goes towards    his room) Chandler: (following him) I'm telling you, I watched the tape.    (Reaches Joey's room and Joey slams the door in his face) Rachel: Did you watch the tape? Chandler:(In a sarcastic "of course not"!-tone)    No!  [Scene: Interview room. Ross and two other professors (one man,    one woman) are sitting on one side of a long desk. Benjamin Hobart is sitting    on the other side]   Benjamin: The selection committee has chosen the three of    you as our finalists today. The ultimate decision will be based upon the answers    you give to the questions I ask here. I'm gonna start with Dr. Li. Dr. Li, you    claim the field is too reliant on the Linnaean taxonomic system. How do you    propose to correct this problem? Dr. Li: Well, I believe that the answers lie in the osteological    evidence. I plan to begin there. Benjamin: (nods) Interesting. Ross: (Rolls his eyes) I guess! Benjamin: Dr. Biely, your proposal includes some field work.    Where might that take place? Dr. Biely: Primarily in the Pierre Shale region of South Dakota. Benjamin: Certainly. Very well. And Dr. Geller, when is my    birthday? Ross: (shocked and confused by the question) What? I... I...    (Benjamin looks at him as if to say "What's wrong? Answer the question") Benjamin: Care to venture a guess? Ross: (annoyed) May 12th? Benjamin: (looks surprised and un-impressed) That's not even    kinda close! (Ross looks around confused) Dr. Li, how many graduate students    you'd be needing? Dr. Li: Half a dozen. Benjamin: I see, and Dr. Biely? Dr. Biely: Three for excavation and two for analysis. Benjamin: Certainly. Dr. Geller, which 1965 Shirelles hit    was later covered by a popular British invasion band? Ross: (even more shocked) Wha..? I need 6 graduate students.   Benjamin: No! I'm sorry, we were looking for "Baby It's    You". Baby It's You. Ross: Wha...? Wait, wait, wait, just a minute. None of my    questions have anything to do with Paleontology. Benjamin: You're right, I apologize. Scratch the last question.    Spell "Boscodictiasaur". Ross: (annoyed) um... I've never heard of a "Boscodictiasaur". Benjamin: Yeah, I just made it up. Spell it. Ross: (stares at him angrily) Ok. (determined to spell it    correctly) B - O - S ... Benjamin: No, it starts with a silent "M". Ross: Oh come on!!  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. Chandler and Rachel are    talking.]   Chandler: I can't believe Joey. I hate being called a liar! Rachel: But you are a liar. Chandler: What did I just say? (Joey comes out of his room) Joey: You still here? Chandler: Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am    insulted. When I tell somebody I did something... Joey: Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there, ok?    First, you lied, right? Then, you lied about lying, ok? Then you lied about    lying about lying, ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying    about... lying... (loses count and begins to count the number of 'lyings' in    the air but gives up.) (yelling) Stop lying! Chandler: Why are you so sure I didn't watch this tape? Joey: (very angry) You wanna know wh...? You wanna know why?    (goes back into his room)  Rachel: Well, this is going well. (Chandler looks worried) Joey: (comes out holding the tape) Here's how I know you didn't    watch the tape, ok? (puts it into the vcr) If you had seen what was on this    tape, believe me, you would have some comments. Alright, now remember, I    got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan. (presses play    and he appears on the TV screen and a TV commercial begins) (The commercial: Joey says "Ichiban". It displays a few girls dancing around and Joey    fills most of the screen, he puts something blue on his lips and smacks them    saying "Lipstick For Men!" It goes on to show him playing a guitar    and putting on more blue lipstick. In the end he says seductively "Ichiban...    Lipstick For Men" and "Sahiko" and it ends. Chandler and Rachel    are speechless.)  Joey: (Yelling at Chandler) And that's how I know you    didn't watch the tape! (goes back to his room and slams the door).  (Silence) Chandler: He really is a chameleon.  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters carrying the horrific    'painting' of Gladys. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the couch.]   Phoebe: (smiling from ear to ear) Well, Gladys say hello to    your new home! (she holds out the 'painting') Monica: (faking happiness) Oh, my!  Rachel: (surprised by how ugly it is) Wow! (sarcastic) Oh,    she's so nice and big! Oh, Monica, where are you going to display Gladys oh    so proudly? (looks around for a spot)  Monica: (sounds desperate, knowing what Rachel is trying to    do) I haven't really settled on a spot yet! Rachel: Well, hey! How about right above the TV? (Points to    the spot where her famous French poster is hanging). That way, it will be    the first thing that you see when you walk in the door! Phoebe: (genuinely excited about it) Yeah, yeah! And you can    get rid of that French poster. Monica: (offended) I like that poster! Phoebe: Really? It doesn't have anything coming out of it.    Or maybe there is some place for her in your bedroom? Rachel: (jumps at the chance to make that happen) Oh! There's    nothing above your bed!! Monica: (Impatient with Rachel) Are you still here? [Scene: Ross' office. Ross is pacing and Benjamin enters]   Ross: Oh hi! Hello! Uh, have you come to ask me some more paleontology    related questions? Uhm... your grandmother's nickname, perhaps? (Now yelling)    Aunt Margaret's pants size? Benjamin: I've come here to apologize. I think I may have    let my feelings for Charlie interfere with the interview process.  Ross: (Sarcastic) No! Stop!  Benjamin: Anyway, I've decided to offer you the grant.  Ross: (Skeptical) Really? Benjamin: Well... there is just one small... stipulation... Ross: I have to break up with Charlie? Benjamin: Hey, you got one right! (Ross shakes his head)  Ross: You're crazy. Benjamin: Crazy, or... romantic? Ross: Crazy! Benjamin: Ooor... Ross: (Yelling) Get out! (Benjamin leaves)  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Rachel enters, checking the mail, then looks up and sees Gladys placed on    the barcalounger.) Rachel: O-oh my God! Joey: (enters from his bedroom) What? Rachel: Joey, what... is... this...thing... doing here? Joey: I got it from Monica. She sold it to me for a very    reasonable price. Rachel: Joey, we're not keeping this! Joey: But it's an original Buffay... Rachel: Alright, fine. You can keep it. As long as you don't    mind that she's haunted.  Joey: Hey? what? what? wey! whoo! what? what!? Rachel: Well, legend has it Joey, that... she comes alive    when you're asleep. (Joey's eyes are twice their size now, and looks nervously from Rachel to Gladys    and back.) Rachel: She climbs out of the frame, and then drags her half-a-body    across the floor, just looking for legs to steal. (in a spooky, slow voice)    And then with her one good hand, she slo-o-owly re-e-a-aches up and turns your    doorknob. Joey: GET THAT LEGLESS WITCH OUT OF HERE! (Joey leaves for his bedroom, and Rachel grins. She then takes Gladys and enters    Monica's apartment.) Monica: Hey! I sold that to Joey. Rachel: Well, why I told him it's haunted. Two can play at    this game. (gives Gladys to Monica) Monica: No, too late. You can't give it back! (she pushes    the painting back to Rachel) Rachel: Yes I can! (pushes her back again) Monica: No you can't. She's yours! Rachel: She's yours! Monica: SHE'S YOURS! Rachel: She's yours! (While they are both pushing the painting towards each other, Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Hey! (there's a pause) Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's m-i-i-ne! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Phoebe: You guys! You guys! You don't have to fight over her    anymore. (she goes out into the hallway and enters with an even more hideous    painting/collage. One of those faceles mannequins heads wearing a blueish dress    and orange gloves reaching out into the room. Around the head 3 small dolls    are hovering.) Whoever doesn't get Gladys gets Glynnis. (Rachel and Monica are    gasping for air at the sight of this monstrous piece of art.) Rachel: I want Gladys! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey's home alone, reading a Sports    Illustrated magazine when Chandler enters.] Chandler: Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And    I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part    or not. Joey: That's not the point Chandler. The point is that you    lied. Chandler: I know. You're right. What's it gonna take for you    to forgive me?  [Scene: Central Perk. Monica, Phoebe and Rachel are on the couch.] Monica: Oh my God! (we see Joey and Chandler standing there, and Chandler is wearing the blue    Ichiban lipstick!) Rachel: Excellent! Joey: Now, what do you say? Chandler: Lying is wrong! Joey: And?... AND? Chandler: I'm a pretty little girl. Phoebe: I knew it!  [Scene: Central Perk. Some time later that day. The group has    left and Charlie is there when Ross enters.] Ross: Your ex-boyfriend is insane. Charlie: Did you get the grant? Ross: No I didn't, and you want to know why? Because your    ex-boyfriend is still in love with you. Charlie: What? Ross: Yeah. He wouldn't give me the grant, because I wouldn't    give you up. Charlie: Benji isn't in love with me. I mean, he broke up    with me. And besides, he's a very ethical man. Ross: Really? Is it ethical to ask someone in a grant review,    who was the voice of "Underdog"? Charlie: I'm sure he was just joking, Ross. Ross: If you don't believe me, let's go talk to him, okay?    I'm telling you, he didn't ask me one paleontological question. Charlie: Seriously? Ross: Oh, I'm sorry, no. He did ask me one. Uhm... How do    you spell Mboscodictiosaur? Charlie: Well, if it's like the lake Mbosco in Congo, then    M-B-O...  Ross: Damnit!  [Scene: Benjamin's office. Ross and Charlie are entering.] Benjamin: Dr. Geller...? Charlie... What are you... what are    you doing here? Ross: I want you to tell her everything. About the deal you    tried to make with me, about the crazy questions you... Wally Cox! That's the    voice of Underdog! Benjamin: Like I tried to tell you in the interview Ross,    this grant is not based on your knowledge of pretty useless trivia. Ross: No, no, no. Don't do that! I want you to look her in    the eyes, and tell her the truth. Charlie: Benji? Benjamin: Alright, it's true. I behaved horribly. But it's    only because I still love you. And I would do anything to have you back in    my life. Ross: Too little, too late, Benji! Charlie: I can't believe this. Benjamin: I never should have broken up with you. I think    about you all the time. I mean, do you ever still think about me?  Ross: (indignant) No! Charlie: Yes! Ross: What? Charlie: I don't know what to say, Benji. This is all so....    romantic. Ross: or... Benjamin: Listen, I know, I may be way out of bounds here,    but is there any chance you will take me back? Charlie: Maybe... Ross: Sweetie, this conversation is starting to make me a    little uncomfortable. Charlie: Oh God! I am so sorry, but... (she puts her hand    on Ross's cheek) I mean it's... there's so much history between us, you know... Benjamin: (puts his hand on Ross's other cheek) I'm sorry    too... (Charlie and Benji both let their hands slide down Ross's face, until their    hands meet, and they hold hands.) Benjamin: I love you! Charlie: I love you too! (and they start to kiss) Ross: Okay, that's it. WE ARE SEEING OTHER PEOPLE!    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene: Joey's bedroom. Joey's asleep with Hugsy, the penguin    right next to him.] (There are scratching and squeaking noises coming from the living room, and    Joey wakes up, terrified. He pulls his blanket higher. The doorknob is turning.) Joey: Gladys? (The door opens, and there is Gladys, still in her frame though. Joey panics    and moves frantically, screaming. Then there is laughing, and the painting is    lowered. It was Rachel holding Gladys.)  Rachel: Ha ha ha, third time this week. Man, this does not    get old. Joey: You're mean! Rachel: Oh, don't be such a baby! (She closes his door again, and turns around. Then she starts screaming, terrified.    There is Glynnis... And Monica holding her up, laughing.)  end        
Chandler: Hey you guys.  Rachel: Hi! Joey: Oh! Any word on casting yet? Chandler: Joe, I told you, you're just not right for    the part. Joey: What do you mean? Rach, don't I seem like a professor    you'd buy some kind of e-crap from? Rachel: I'm sorry, this sounds like something I'm never gonna    be interested in. Joey (to Chandler): Look, c'mon, please? It's    not like I'm asking for some crazy favour. This is what I do for a living. I    am a professional actor! (he glances at his watch and sees the time) Oh, man,    I'm two hours late for work! (he stands, ready to go). Look, here's a    copy of my reels. It's got all the commercials that I've been in. Chandler: Joe... Joey: Just watch it, and if you don't like it, you don't    pass it on to your bosses! Chandler: Fine! Joey: Thank you. (he sits down) Chandler: Work, Joe! Joey: Damn it! (he leaves) Chandler (to Rachel): What am I gonna do now? Joey: Just pass it to your boss! Chandler: He's not right for the part. So if I suggest    him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should    learn on their own! Rachel: Just tell Joey that you watched the tape and you liked    it, but your bosses didn't. Then that way, you're the good guy and    they're the bad guys. Chandler: That's good! I liked it, they didn't.    (he sees Joey out of the window hitting on a girl) Joey, for God's sake,    go to work! (Joey runs away).  [Scene: A restaurant. Ross and Charlie are waiting for her ex-boyfriend,    Benjamin Hobart]    Ross: I can't believe I'm about to meet Benjamin Hobart.    I've always thought of him as one of the people I'd invite to my fantasy dinner    party. Do you think there's any chance he'll bring Christie Brinkley    or C3PO? Charlie: (glances over Ross' shoulder) Sorry, looks    like it's just him. Benjamin: Charlie! My God, you look absolutely stunning! Ross: Well, I... I am having a good hair day. Benjamin: So good to see you. Charlie: Me too. (she and Benjamin are hugging for very long    and Ross starts pretending to clear his throat, until they stop) Ross: I'm ok. Charlie: I'm sorry... (introduces them to each other) Ross    Geller... Benjamin Hobart. Ross: It's an honor to meet you. I can't tell    you how long I've been an admirer of your work, I mean, that Nobel prize,    (he thumbs up) whoooo! I mean, I have to tell you that, you're one of    the reasons I got into the field. Benjamin: Oh, well, likewise. Actually, not likewise. I've    never heard of you until this morning, but, it's nice to be nice!  Charlie: Shall we? (they sit down and Benjamin takes Ross'    chair). Benjamin: (to Ross) Thank you! (to Charlie). I can't    believe that you chose this restaurant! Do you remember the night? Charlie: Oh my God, I completely forgot! (they laugh) Oh   my  God! I can't believe they let us back in this place! (they laugh   more, and Ross start laughing too). Benjamin (to Ross): You weren't there! Ross: No, but, it's, you know, it's just a funny image,    you know, the two of you, in this restaurant, with... (laughs nervously)tzz-zzz,    mmm. Charlie: Ross, why don't you tell Benji about your proposal,    while I go to the ladies room? Benjamin: So, tell me about it. Ross: Ok well, I would like to do a dig in the painted desert. Benjamin: M-m. Ross: See, there are still several areas that haven't    been fully excavated. Benjamin: Break up with Charlie! Ross: What? Benjamin: What? Ross: Did you just say "break up with Charlie"? Benjamin: Well, yes, and now. Yes I did say it, and no, I    didn't not say it. Ross: Kind of inappropriate, don't you think? Benjamin: I'm sorry. I just haven't seen her for so    long! All these feelings are rushing back! I'm starting to realize how much    I missed her, and I'm gonna need you to break up with her. Ross: Are you serious? Benjamin: If you say yes then I'm serious, if you say no then    I'm joking! Ross: No! Benjamin: Joking it is!  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters the room.]   Phoebe: Hi! Sorry, I'm late. Monica: Hey, how did it go with Mike, is he gonna let you    keep the painting? Phoebe: No, he really hates it. But he's gonna let me    keep my box of human hair! So you got to pick your battles. But the good news    is, Gladys is yours! Monica: Wow, what's the bad news! Rachel: Who's Gladys? Phoebe: Oh, she's that work of art I made, you know,    with the woman coming out of the frame. Rachel: (sarcastic) Oh, and Monica gets to keep her?   In her house? I am so jealous! Phoebe: Oh, I didn't know you wanted her too! Monica: Huh! Rachel: Well, I mean, sure, of course. But... you already    gave that to Monica, so... Monica: You know, I would give her up, for you. Rachel: No, I couldn't let you do that. Monica: But I want to. Rachel: But I don't want you to. Monica: But I insist! Rachel: But I insist harder! Phoebe: Girls, girls, stop, ok? We'll flip a coin. Heads,    she's Rachel's, tails she's Monica's. (she flips the    coin). Tails! Monica, she's yours! Monica: No, that landed in your food! Rachel: (sarcastic) No, no, that's ok. You won fair    and square. I'm so sad!  [Scene: Chandler walks into Joey's apartment]   Chandler: Hey Joe! Joey: What's up? Chandler: Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along    to my bosses and they weren't interested. Joey: (sounds disappointed) Oh. Chandler: (Hands the tape back to him) I'm sorry man. Joey: (looks at him suspiciously) But, ehm... you watched    the tape? Chandler: (sounds nervous) Yeah! I... I... I liked it! (Joey    continues to look at him suspiciously) But, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it.    Stupid sons of bitches! Joey: (sounds confident) You didn't watch the tape. Chandler: (looks surprised) What!? Of course I did! Joey: Look, it's one thing not to cast me, but to lie to me? Chandler: I'm not lying to you, I watched it! Joey: Well, you lied again! (Rachel comes out of her room    and is observing the conversation) Chandler: I watched it! Joey: Keep going Pinocchio! Chandler: (now yelling) (pretending to look shocked) I did! Joey: (yelling back) No you didn't! (turns and goes towards    his room) Chandler: (following him) I'm telling you, I watched the tape.    (Reaches Joey's room and Joey slams the door in his face) Rachel: Did you watch the tape? Chandler:(In a sarcastic "of course not"!-tone)    No!  [Scene: Interview room. Ross and two other professors (one man,    one woman) are sitting on one side of a long desk. Benjamin Hobart is sitting    on the other side]   Benjamin: The selection committee has chosen the three of    you as our finalists today. The ultimate decision will be based upon the answers    you give to the questions I ask here. I'm gonna start with Dr. Li. Dr. Li, you    claim the field is too reliant on the Linnaean taxonomic system. How do you    propose to correct this problem? Dr. Li: Well, I believe that the answers lie in the osteological    evidence. I plan to begin there. Benjamin: (nods) Interesting. Ross: (Rolls his eyes) I guess! Benjamin: Dr. Biely, your proposal includes some field work.    Where might that take place? Dr. Biely: Primarily in the Pierre Shale region of South Dakota. Benjamin: Certainly. Very well. And Dr. Geller, when is my    birthday? Ross: (shocked and confused by the question) What? I... I...    (Benjamin looks at him as if to say "What's wrong? Answer the question") Benjamin: Care to venture a guess? Ross: (annoyed) May 12th? Benjamin: (looks surprised and un-impressed) That's not even    kinda close! (Ross looks around confused) Dr. Li, how many graduate students    you'd be needing? Dr. Li: Half a dozen. Benjamin: I see, and Dr. Biely? Dr. Biely: Three for excavation and two for analysis. Benjamin: Certainly. Dr. Geller, which 1965 Shirelles hit    was later covered by a popular British invasion band? Ross: (even more shocked) Wha..? I need 6 graduate students.   Benjamin: No! I'm sorry, we were looking for "Baby It's    You". Baby It's You. Ross: Wha...? Wait, wait, wait, just a minute. None of my    questions have anything to do with Paleontology. Benjamin: You're right, I apologize. Scratch the last question.    Spell "Boscodictiasaur". Ross: (annoyed) um... I've never heard of a "Boscodictiasaur". Benjamin: Yeah, I just made it up. Spell it. Ross: (stares at him angrily) Ok. (determined to spell it    correctly) B - O - S ... Benjamin: No, it starts with a silent "M". Ross: Oh come on!!  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. Chandler and Rachel are    talking.]   Chandler: I can't believe Joey. I hate being called a liar! Rachel: But you are a liar. Chandler: What did I just say? (Joey comes out of his room) Joey: You still here? Chandler: Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am    insulted. When I tell somebody I did something... Joey: Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there, ok?    First, you lied, right? Then, you lied about lying, ok? Then you lied about    lying about lying, ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying    about... lying... (loses count and begins to count the number of 'lyings' in    the air but gives up.) (yelling) Stop lying! Chandler: Why are you so sure I didn't watch this tape? Joey: (very angry) You wanna know wh...? You wanna know why?    (goes back into his room)  Rachel: Well, this is going well. (Chandler looks worried) Joey: (comes out holding the tape) Here's how I know you didn't    watch the tape, ok? (puts it into the vcr) If you had seen what was on this    tape, believe me, you would have some comments. Alright, now remember, I    got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan. (presses play    and he appears on the TV screen and a TV commercial begins) (The commercial: Joey says "Ichiban". It displays a few girls dancing around and Joey    fills most of the screen, he puts something blue on his lips and smacks them    saying "Lipstick For Men!" It goes on to show him playing a guitar    and putting on more blue lipstick. In the end he says seductively "Ichiban...    Lipstick For Men" and "Sahiko" and it ends. Chandler and Rachel    are speechless.)  Joey: (Yelling at Chandler) And that's how I know you    didn't watch the tape! (goes back to his room and slams the door).  (Silence) Chandler: He really is a chameleon.  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters carrying the horrific    'painting' of Gladys. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the couch.]   Phoebe: (smiling from ear to ear) Well, Gladys say hello to    your new home! (she holds out the 'painting') Monica: (faking happiness) Oh, my!  Rachel: (surprised by how ugly it is) Wow! (sarcastic) Oh,    she's so nice and big! Oh, Monica, where are you going to display Gladys oh    so proudly? (looks around for a spot)  Monica: (sounds desperate, knowing what Rachel is trying to    do) I haven't really settled on a spot yet! Rachel: Well, hey! How about right above the TV? (Points to    the spot where her famous French poster is hanging). That way, it will be    the first thing that you see when you walk in the door! Phoebe: (genuinely excited about it) Yeah, yeah! And you can    get rid of that French poster. Monica: (offended) I like that poster! Phoebe: Really? It doesn't have anything coming out of it.    Or maybe there is some place for her in your bedroom? Rachel: (jumps at the chance to make that happen) Oh! There's    nothing above your bed!! Monica: (Impatient with Rachel) Are you still here? [Scene: Ross' office. Ross is pacing and Benjamin enters]   Ross: Oh hi! Hello! Uh, have you come to ask me some more paleontology    related questions? Uhm... your grandmother's nickname, perhaps? (Now yelling)    Aunt Margaret's pants size? Benjamin: I've come here to apologize. I think I may have    let my feelings for Charlie interfere with the interview process.  Ross: (Sarcastic) No! Stop!  Benjamin: Anyway, I've decided to offer you the grant.  Ross: (Skeptical) Really? Benjamin: Well... there is just one small... stipulation... Ross: I have to break up with Charlie? Benjamin: Hey, you got one right! (Ross shakes his head)  Ross: You're crazy. Benjamin: Crazy, or... romantic? Ross: Crazy! Benjamin: Ooor... Ross: (Yelling) Get out! (Benjamin leaves)  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Rachel enters, checking the mail, then looks up and sees Gladys placed on    the barcalounger.) Rachel: O-oh my God! Joey: (enters from his bedroom) What? Rachel: Joey, what... is... this...thing... doing here? Joey: I got it from Monica. She sold it to me for a very    reasonable price. Rachel: Joey, we're not keeping this! Joey: But it's an original Buffay... Rachel: Alright, fine. You can keep it. As long as you don't    mind that she's haunted.  Joey: Hey? what? what? wey! whoo! what? what!? Rachel: Well, legend has it Joey, that... she comes alive    when you're asleep. (Joey's eyes are twice their size now, and looks nervously from Rachel to Gladys    and back.) Rachel: She climbs out of the frame, and then drags her half-a-body    across the floor, just looking for legs to steal. (in a spooky, slow voice)    And then with her one good hand, she slo-o-owly re-e-a-aches up and turns your    doorknob. Joey: GET THAT LEGLESS WITCH OUT OF HERE! (Joey leaves for his bedroom, and Rachel grins. She then takes Gladys and enters    Monica's apartment.) Monica: Hey! I sold that to Joey. Rachel: Well, why I told him it's haunted. Two can play at    this game. (gives Gladys to Monica) Monica: No, too late. You can't give it back! (she pushes    the painting back to Rachel) Rachel: Yes I can! (pushes her back again) Monica: No you can't. She's yours! Rachel: She's yours! Monica: SHE'S YOURS! Rachel: She's yours! (While they are both pushing the painting towards each other, Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Hey! (there's a pause) Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's m-i-i-ne! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Phoebe: You guys! You guys! You don't have to fight over her    anymore. (she goes out into the hallway and enters with an even more hideous    painting/collage. One of those faceles mannequins heads wearing a blueish dress    and orange gloves reaching out into the room. Around the head 3 small dolls    are hovering.) Whoever doesn't get Gladys gets Glynnis. (Rachel and Monica are    gasping for air at the sight of this monstrous piece of art.) Rachel: I want Gladys! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey's home alone, reading a Sports    Illustrated magazine when Chandler enters.] Chandler: Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And    I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part    or not. Joey: That's not the point Chandler. The point is that you    lied. Chandler: I know. You're right. What's it gonna take for you    to forgive me?  [Scene: Central Perk. Monica, Phoebe and Rachel are on the couch.] Monica: Oh my God! (we see Joey and Chandler standing there, and Chandler is wearing the blue    Ichiban lipstick!) Rachel: Excellent! Joey: Now, what do you say? Chandler: Lying is wrong! Joey: And?... AND? Chandler: I'm a pretty little girl. Phoebe: I knew it!  [Scene: Central Perk. Some time later that day. The group has    left and Charlie is there when Ross enters.] Ross: Your ex-boyfriend is insane. Charlie: Did you get the grant? Ross: No I didn't, and you want to know why? Because your    ex-boyfriend is still in love with you. Charlie: What? Ross: Yeah. He wouldn't give me the grant, because I wouldn't    give you up. Charlie: Benji isn't in love with me. I mean, he broke up    with me. And besides, he's a very ethical man. Ross: Really? Is it ethical to ask someone in a grant review,    who was the voice of "Underdog"? Charlie: I'm sure he was just joking, Ross. Ross: If you don't believe me, let's go talk to him, okay?    I'm telling you, he didn't ask me one paleontological question. Charlie: Seriously? Ross: Oh, I'm sorry, no. He did ask me one. Uhm... How do    you spell Mboscodictiosaur? Charlie: Well, if it's like the lake Mbosco in Congo, then    M-B-O...  Ross: Damnit!  [Scene: Benjamin's office. Ross and Charlie are entering.] Benjamin: Dr. Geller...? Charlie... What are you... what are    you doing here? Ross: I want you to tell her everything. About the deal you    tried to make with me, about the crazy questions you... Wally Cox! That's the    voice of Underdog! Benjamin: Like I tried to tell you in the interview Ross,    this grant is not based on your knowledge of pretty useless trivia. Ross: No, no, no. Don't do that! I want you to look her in    the eyes, and tell her the truth. Charlie: Benji? Benjamin: Alright, it's true. I behaved horribly. But it's    only because I still love you. And I would do anything to have you back in    my life. Ross: Too little, too late, Benji! Charlie: I can't believe this. Benjamin: I never should have broken up with you. I think    about you all the time. I mean, do you ever still think about me?  Ross: (indignant) No! Charlie: Yes! Ross: What? Charlie: I don't know what to say, Benji. This is all so....    romantic. Ross: or... Benjamin: Listen, I know, I may be way out of bounds here,    but is there any chance you will take me back? Charlie: Maybe... Ross: Sweetie, this conversation is starting to make me a    little uncomfortable. Charlie: Oh God! I am so sorry, but... (she puts her hand    on Ross's cheek) I mean it's... there's so much history between us, you know... Benjamin: (puts his hand on Ross's other cheek) I'm sorry    too... (Charlie and Benji both let their hands slide down Ross's face, until their    hands meet, and they hold hands.) Benjamin: I love you! Charlie: I love you too! (and they start to kiss) Ross: Okay, that's it. WE ARE SEEING OTHER PEOPLE!    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene: Joey's bedroom. Joey's asleep with Hugsy, the penguin    right next to him.] (There are scratching and squeaking noises coming from the living room, and    Joey wakes up, terrified. He pulls his blanket higher. The doorknob is turning.) Joey: Gladys? (The door opens, and there is Gladys, still in her frame though. Joey panics    and moves frantically, screaming. Then there is laughing, and the painting is    lowered. It was Rachel holding Gladys.)  Rachel: Ha ha ha, third time this week. Man, this does not    get old. Joey: You're mean! Rachel: Oh, don't be such a baby! (She closes his door again, and turns around. Then she starts screaming, terrified.    There is Glynnis... And Monica holding her up, laughing.)  end        
Joey: Oh! Any word on casting yet?
Joey: What do you mean? Rach, don't I seem like a professor    you'd buy some kind of e-crap from?
Joey: Just watch it, and if you don't like it, you don't    pass it on to your bosses!
Joey: Thank you. (he sits down)
Joey: Damn it! (he leaves)
Joey: Just pass it to your boss!
Joey: What's up?
Joey: (sounds disappointed) Oh.
Joey: (looks at him suspiciously) But, ehm... you watched    the tape?
Joey: (sounds confident) You didn't watch the tape.
Joey: Look, it's one thing not to cast me, but to lie to me?
Joey: Well, you lied again! (Rachel comes out of her room    and is observing the conversation)
Joey: Keep going Pinocchio!
Joey: (yelling back) No you didn't! (turns and goes towards    his room)
Joey: You still here?
Joey: Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there, ok?    First, you lied, right? Then, you lied about lying, ok? Then you lied about    lying about lying, ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying    about... lying... (loses count and begins to count the number of 'lyings' in    the air but gives up.) (yelling) Stop lying!
Joey: (very angry) You wanna know wh...? You wanna know why?    (goes back into his room) 
Joey: (comes out holding the tape) Here's how I know you didn't    watch the tape, ok? (puts it into the vcr) If you had seen what was on this    tape, believe me, you would have some comments. Alright, now remember, I    got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan. (presses play    and he appears on the TV screen and a TV commercial begins)
 Joey: (Yelling at Chandler) And that's how I know you    didn't watch the tape! (goes back to his room and slams the door). 
Joey: (enters from his bedroom) What?
Joey: I got it from Monica. She sold it to me for a very    reasonable price.
Joey: But it's an original Buffay...
Joey: Hey? what? what? wey! whoo! what? what!?
Joey: GET THAT LEGLESS WITCH OUT OF HERE!
Joey: That's not the point Chandler. The point is that you    lied.
Joey: Now, what do you say?
Joey: And?... AND?
Joey: Gladys?
Joey: You're mean!
Written by: Mark Kunerth   Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa   Final check by Kim [Scene: Central Perk] (Joey and Ross enter. Phoebe and Mike are sitting on the couch, reading a magazine.) Ross: Hey you guys! Phoebe: Hey! Ross: Hey, what are you doing? Mike: Oh, figuring out our wedding plans. Chandler: That's funny, we were doing the same thing! Ross: Yeah! Phoebe: It's really crazy! The hall, the dress, the food... I-I had no idea    how expensive this stuff was! Chandler: Yeah it is really pricey. I mean, I freaked when I first heard the    numbers. Phoebe: So what did you two do about it? Chandler: It was pretty simple actually, I came up with a couple of cost-cutting    solutions, wrote out a list and Monica told me to go to hell. Ross: There's no way around it Pheebs, you just gonna have to accept the fact    that this is gonna cost you a lot of money. Mike: I heard that weddings are like a 40 billion dollar a year industry. Ross: Yeah, and I'm responsible for just like half of that. Phoebe: But really, it does seem like this money could be put to better use? Mike: Are you serious? Phoebe: Yeah! Now, how would you feel if we gave all the wedding money to charity    and we just got married at City Hall? Mike: I think it would make me wanna marry you even more. (he kisses her) Ross: I've got to say you guys, that's an incredible gesture! Chandler: (to Ross) Maybe you do that next time you get married! Ross: No, no, no. The next time it's gonna be a Hawaii at sunset. [pause] But    maybe the time after that!  Opening Credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] (Monica is cleaning the table, Chandler is sitting on the sofa. Joey enters.) Joey: Hey! Chandler: Hey! Joey: What's going on? Chandler: Our adoption social worker is coming by today so we are cleaning    the apartment. Monica: (sarcastically) We? Chandler: You know you don't want me to help. You can't have it both ways! Joey: Hey, is this person who decides whether or not you... get a baby? Chandler: Kind of. She's coming by to interview us and see where we live. Monica: And it has to go perfectly, because if she doesn't like something about    us she can keep us off every adoption list in the state. Joey: Hey, maybe I should stop by! She could be a soap opera fan! It's very    impressive when the little people know a celebrity. Chandler: (pointing at himself) Little people? Joey: (pointing at himself) Celebrity. Monica: Ok, so I think I'm just about done here, unless you have any bad stuff    hidden somewhere, like... porn or cigarettes? Chandler: What...? NO! Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (he stands up and he feels very offended) I don't, and I'm offended    by the insinuation! Monica: Ok, so there's not a magazine under the couch, or a pack of cigarettes    taped to the back of the toilet tank, or a filthy video in the VCR? Chandler: I'll admit to the cigarettes and the magazine, but that tape is not    mine. Monica: It isn't mine! Joey: (going out with the VCR in his hand) Well, I guess we'll never know whose    it is!     [Scene: The New York City Children's fund hallway.] Charity guy: May I help you?  Phoebe: Yes. We're here to make a rather sizeable donation to the children. Charity guy: Well, any contribution, large or small, is always appreciated. Phoebe: Well, I think you're gonna appreciate it the crap out of this one (she    gives him a check) Charity guy: Well, this is very generous! Phoebe: And we don't want any recognition. This is completely anonymous. Mike: Completely anonymous. From two kind strangers. Phoebe: Mr. X and Phoebe Buffay. Charity guy: Well if you like, we can include your names in our newsletter. Mike: Not necessary. Phoebe: Buffay is spelled B-U-F-F-A-Y. Mike: And "X" is spelled uhm... "Mike Hannigan". Charity guy: Right. Well, on behalf of the children: thank you both very much. Phoebe: Sure, I so glad we did this. It feels so good! Mike: It does. It feels really good! Phoebe: Oh, look! And we get these free t-shirts! (she takes a t-shirt which    was on the counter) Charity guy: Oh, actually, that's the shirt I wore to the gym. Phoebe: Mhm... it's moist.   [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] Ross: (he enters) Hi! Rachel: Hi! Emma will be up in a minute! Ross: Oh, good! Rachel: Oh hey Ross... Listen, I heard about you and Charlie. I'm really sorry. Ross: Oh, that's OK. I'm sure there are tons of other beautiful paleontologists    out there. Rachel: Absolutely. Ross: There was one! She's it! All the rest look like they should live under    a bridge! Rachel: So, uhm... what are you gonna do today? Ross: Well, I was thinking of taking Emma to the playground! Rachel: Oh my God, what!? Ross: Like I said I was thinking of taking Emma to the museum of knives and    fire! Rachel: Ok, look, Ross. I do not want Emma going to the playground. Ross: Be-caaauuuse... Rachel: (upset) All right, well, if you must know... I had a traumatic... swing    incident... when I was little. Ross: Seriously? Rachel: Yes, I was 4 years old and I was on the swing and then all of a sudden    my hair got tangled in the chain. And to get me out my mom had to-had to cut    a big chunk of my hair! (crying) And it was uneven for weeks! Ross: (sarcastic) And you made it through that? I wonder who's gonna play you    in the movie! Rachel: Ok, fine! You can make fun of me. I do not want Emma going there. And    I was thinking Claire Danes. Ross: Look, I'm sorry to hear about your tragedy, ok? But the swings are perfectly    safe, and besides Emma loves them. You know what, you should come with us and    you'll see! Rachel: Ross, those things go like 40 miles an hour! Ok? When you're... and    there is that moment when you are at the top, when you just don't know if you're    gonna return back to earth!  Ross: Space is filled with orbiting children. (pause) Look, please, just come    on, you know, when you’ll see the look on Emma’s face, I swear you    won’t regret it. Rachel: All right! Ross: Good, you don’t want to be one of those mothers who pass on their    irrational fears on their children, do you? Rachel: Irrational, huh? All right, well, I’ll remember that the next    time you freak out about a spider in your apartment! Ross: Oh, yeah, that’s the same, I am sure there are thirty different    species of poisonous swings!  [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Somebody knocks the door] Monica: Oh my God, the adoption lady is early! Chandler: Ok, ok, here we go. Monica: Ok. Chandler: Here we go. Stand up straight. (smiling) Big smile. (opens the door    and both are smiling exaggeratedly) Phoebe: Hello, is this the creepy residence? Monica: We’re waiting for the adoption lady, but, hey, I’m glad    you’re here. I was cleaning this morning and I found this (she puts a    box on the table and opens it). I don’t know if you wanna use it, but… Phoebe: Awe, this is so sweet of you! But you know what? I won’t be needing    a veil, I actually won’t be wearing a dress at all! Monica: I told you! I am not coming to a naked wedding!  Phoebe: No, no, no, we’re not having a big reception, we took the money    we were gonna spend on a wedding and we donate them to the children charity. Monica: That’s crazy! (Phoebe looks bewildered). I am sorry. I just can’t    imagine giving up my one wedding day like that! Phoebe: We, you know, we’re different! We don’t care about having    a huge party. (She picks up the veil) This is really nice for you, but, oh,    please, I put this on? (she puts it on) And, ow, I look (she looks her reflex    image on a toaster), why, well, radiant. (pause) All right, well, who cares,    I don’t need a pretty veil and a fancy dress. Monica: That’s right. You’re making a commitment and that’s    the same, whether you do that at the Plaza or, where are you gonna do it? Phoebe: City Hall. Monica: Ow! (Chandler slaps her on her back) Oh, that sounds nice! I am just    there for jury duty. They really spruce that place up! Phoebe: It’s ok, it’s ok. I made my decision. What I really want    is a great big wedding (she covers her mouth) Monica: Yay! Chandler: But you already gave all your money to charity! Phoebe: Well, I’ll just ask for it back! Chandler: I don’t think you can do that! Monica: Why not! This is her wedding day, this is way more important than some    stupid kids! Chandler: That’s sweet, honey, but save something for the adoption Lady.  [Scene: The playground. Ross put Emma on the swing and they’re    ready to play] Rachel: Ok, careful. Ross: Ok. Rachel: Careful, watch her hair. WATCH HER HAIR! Ross: Rach, she’s got like three hairs! Rachel: I know (she touches Emma’s head) but they’re just so beautiful!    Oh, my God, I just pulled one out. Ross: I promise you she’s safe! No watch how much she loves this.  Rachel: Ok. Ross (to Emma): Ready sweety? Rachel: Ok. Ross: Here we go! (He starts pushing Emma) Rachel: Ok, careful, ok. (Emma giggles) Oh, she’s smiling! Oh my God,    she does like it! Ross: See, I told you! Rachel: Awe! (Emma laughs) Oh my God! Looks, she’s a little dare-devil!    Oh, let me push, can I push? Ross: Oh, absolutely! Rachel: Ok. Oh God. (To Ross) Get the camera, it’s in the diaper bag. Ross: Ok! (he takes the camera and walks backwards to take a shot) See? Scared    of swings, I bet you feel pretty silly (a swinging boy knocks him down) Ow!     [Scene: The New York City Children's fund ] Mike: We’re seriously asking for our money back? Phoebe: It’s for our wedding day! Right, now, is this guy gay or straight,    because one of us gonna have to start flirting. Charity guy: Wow! Are you here to make another donation the same day? I don’t    think that that’s ever happened before. Phoebe (to Mike): Gay, go. Mike (to the charity guy): Oh my God, I love your shirt! Phoebe: The donation we made earlier, we k…, we w…, we want it    back. Charity guy: Excuse me? Phoebe: Yeah. See, that money was for a big wedding, that we thought we didn’t    want, but it turns out we do. Charity guy: So you’re asking us to refund your donation to the children? Mike: Yeah! This feels really good. Phoebe: I am sorry. I am, but this wedding is just really important to me. Charity guy: Hey, it’s not my business, (he takes their check from a    drawer) besides it’s probably a good thing. We really would have been    spoiling the children, all those food, and warm clothing… Phoebe: Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important!    And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a graduation party! And I didn’t    go to Prom. And I spent my sweet sixteen being chased round a tire yard by an    escaped mental patient who is his own words wanted to “kill me”    or whatever. So I deserve a real celebration and I am not gonna let some sweaty    little man make me feel badly about it.( She storms out) Mike: She could have been talking about either one of us.   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Somebody knocks the door] Laura: Hi, I am Laura, I am here for your adoption interview. Monica: Hi, I am Monica and this is Chandler. Please come in. Laura: Thank you! Monica: Would you like something to drink? Laura: Oh, water would be fine. Monica: Ok. Great. I am so glad that you are here. We’re really excited    about getting this process started. Chandler: Oh, because we love kids. Love ‘em to death.Well, not actually    to death, that's just a figure of speech - we love kids the appropriate amount...    as allowed by law. Laura: Your place is just lovely. Monica: Ah, thank you. This building does have a wholesome family feel to it. Laura: You know, I... I feel like I've been here before. Are any other couples    in the    building adopting? Monica: Is that that couple on the first floor? Because we should get a baby    before    them. Yeah! That guy tried to sell me drugs. (Laura looks shocked) Chandler: But other than that... wholesome, wholesome building. Laura: Oh... Chandler: What? Laura: I just realized why I remember this place. Monica: Really? What is it? Laura: Oh, it's nothing. I went on a date with a guy who lived in this building    and it    didn't end very well. Monica: Ohh... that wouldn't by any chance be... Joey Tribbiani? Laura: Yes! Chandler: Of course it was! Laura: Yeah, we had a really great night and in the morning he promised he    would call    me and he didn't. Chandler: RAT BASTARD! Laura: So you're not friends with him? Monica and Chandler: OH GOD NO! Nope, no, no, no. No! No, no. Nope! No, no,    no, no, no, no, no, no, no. NO! (finally Monica concludes) No! Laura: Well, I'm sorry I brought it up. So, are either one of you planning    on staying at    home with your child... (someone knocks on the door) Joey: (form the other side of the door) Hellooo? Anybody in there order a celebrity?       (He starts to enter the apartment and Chandler runs to the door and shuts it    back in    his face) OW! Laura: What was that? Chandler: Oh, it's just some crazy guy who roams the halls here. He's great    with    kids though.   [Scene: Ross and Rachel are at the playground with Emma. Rachel    in putting her back in the stroller and Ross is tending to his wound] Rachel: Oh, oh Ross, oh my God, are you okay? Ross: SON OF A BITCH! (turns to his right to see three kids staring at him)    (To the    kids) Oh relax! I didn't say the 'F' word! (They go away) Rachel: Ross, see! I told you, those swings are evil! Alright, that is it.    That is    the last time Emma is getting on one of those things for her entire life. Ross: No! No, no, no, no, okay, it wasn't the swing's fault. It was my fault    and kind    of that (point to the kid that kicked him) kids fault. Who is still laughing.    Nice.  Rachel: Ross, c'mon, please. Can we just get out of here, before somebody else    gets    hurt? Ross: No wait, okay, okay, I have an idea. I want you to get on the swing,    okay? And    you'll see that there's nothing to be afraid of.  Rachel: (looks at him suspiciously) I know what this is all about... You've    always been    jealous of my hair. Ross: Look, I just think you're an adult, okay? And you should get over your    silly    fears. Rachel: Alright fine. I'll do it. Ross: Good. Rachel: If you hold a spider.  Ross: (He freaks out and starts jumping around brushing his sweater) WHAT?    WHERE? WHERE? Rachel: IF you hold a spider. Ross: I know. (Rachel bends down to Emma and Ross looks over his shoulder again,       afraid)  [Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. Chandler is still leaning    against the door, keeping Joey out, who is still banging and shouting on the    other side.] Joey: Guys? Everything ok? It's me, Joe... Chandler: (Screams to interrupt Joey) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA......AAAaaa-doption!! Laura: What's going on? Chandler: Oh, just like I said. That crazy... Bert... roaming the halls. (Joey    bangs on    the door again) Joey: Guys!? Monica: Keep on roaming Bert! We don't want any crazy today! Joey: What's going on? Chandler: WE'LL TALK TO YOU LATER, BERT. EVERYTHNG'S FINE!!  (cut to Joey on the other side, who finally leaves the door and goes to his    apartment) Joey: Everything doesn't sound fine! Laura: Is he alright out there by himself? Chandler: Oh yeah! He has a caretaker. His older brother... Ernie. Laura: Bert and Ernie! Chandler: (nervous smile) You can't make this stuff up!  [Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe and Mike enter] Mike: You never told me about that guy on your sweet sixteen. Oh, ugh. I'm    sorry about    that. Phoebe: (Lightly) Oh! It ended okay. One of my friends shot him.  Mike: Well, hey, at least you're getting a proper wedding. I mean, you really    deserve that. Phoebe: Yeah, I really do. You know, I had nothing growing up. (thinks for    a few    seconds) Just like the kids I took the money from. Mike: No! No, no. I see where this is going. Don't make me go back there. Phoebe: Look, I can't have a wedding with this money now. It's tainted. Mike: Alright, fine. We'll give the money back. Phoebe: And if that guy at the charity gives us a hard time, my friend hasn't    shot    anyone in a really long time.   [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing    to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window, Chandler    and Monica are standing on either side of her, facing each other. Laura: Well, I must say, this seems like a lovely environment to raise a child    in. Monica: Oh, by the way, you are more than welcome to look under any of the    furniture,    because, believe me, you won't find any porn or cigarettes under there! Laura: Oh! Well, actually, before we look around, let me make sure I have everything    I need    up to here... (She starts checking her form. Chandler sees movement near the window from       the corner of his eye and when he looks he spots Joey climbing up the fire escape    and    onto their balcony. He warns Monica silently.) Monica: (Pulls Laura into the spare room) Why don't I show you the baby's room? (Joey enters through the side window and jogs towards the kitchen holding a    baseball bat) Chandler: What the hell are you doing? Joey: Well, you wouldn't let me in, so I thought you were in trouble. Chandler: Well, we're not. Joey: But you called me 'Bert'!? That's our code word for danger! Chandler: We don't have a code word. Joey: We don't? We really should. From now on, 'Bert' will be our code word    for danger. (Monica talks loudly in the baby's room) Monica: So that was the baby's room. (They come out and Chandler throws Joey    behind    the couch and puts his foot on him. Monica looks at Chandler) Monica: (To Chandler) What room should we see next? Chandler: Any room that isn't behind this couch! (laughs nervously) Monica: (laughs nervously as well, Laura looks confused) (To Laura) Some people    don't    get him, but I think he's really funny! (She takes Laura to their own bedroom). (Joey gets up and look annoyed) Joey: (quivering with anger) I did not care for that! Chandler: (escorting Joey to the door) You have to get out of here. You slept    with    our social worker and you never called her back and she is still pissed, so    she can't    see you. Joey: Ok, ok! (He leaves) Chandler: Ok! (Joey leaves and closes the door behind him. Chandler walks towards the living    room, but then Joey enters again.) Chandler: What? Joey: I forgot my bat. (He picks up his bat and holds it up, but then Monica and Laura enter the living    room again. When Laura sees Joey, she freezes...) Laura: Oh my God! Chandler: And for the last time, we do not want to be friends with you! And    we don't want to buy your bat! (Joey lowers his bat) Laura: What are you doing here? Joey: (to Chandler) Bert! Bert! Bert! Bert! Laura: Are you friends with him? Chandler: I can explain... Joey... Joey: Uhm... ok... uhm... Well, yeah... You have got some nerve, coming back    here. I can't believe you never called me. Laura: Excuse me? Joey: Oh... yeah... Probably you don't even remember my name. It's Joey, by    the way. And don't bother telling me yours, because I totally remember it...    lady. Yeah! I waited weeks for you to call me. Laura: I gave you my number, you never called me. Joey: No, no! Don't try to turn this around on me, ok? I'm not some kind of...    social work, ok, that you can just... do. Laura: (embarrassed towards Chandler and Monica) Well, I'm pretty sure I gave    you my number. Joey: Really? Think about it. Come on! You're a beautiful woman, smart, funny,    we had a really good time, huh? If I had your number, why wouldn't I call you? Laura: I don't know... Well, maybe I'm wrong... I'm sorry... Joey: No, no, hey, no! Too late for apologies... ok? You broke my heart. You    know how many women I had to sleep with to get over you? (and he leaves the    apartment, leaving her shocked) Laura: Joey, wait! Joey: (acting sad) NO! I waited a long time, I can't wait anymore... (and closes    the door behind him) Laura: (laughing nervously) I'm sorry that you had to see that. I'm so embarrassed... Chandler: Oh, that's really ok. Monica: Yeah, that we totally understand. Dating is hard. Laura: Boy, you people are nice... And I've got to say... I think you're going    to make excellent parents. (Chandler and Monica hug each other, and then Joey enters the apartment again.) Joey: LAURA! (and points to her, very confident)   [Scene: The New York City Children's Fund building. Phoebe and    Mike are entering.] Phoebe: (to the Charity guy) We're back! Charity guy: Are you here to take more money? Because, I think what you're    looking for is an ATM. Mike: No, no, we're here to give the money back. Phoebe: Yeah, because you know what, it's... it's all about the children.  (the Charity guy smiles wanting to take the check, but Phoebe pulls it back    again. His smile fades.)  Phoebe: Although... it's also about the wedding... Ugh, alright... here. (she    gives the check and pulls it back again) No... Oh God... Oh! Charity guy: If I haven't said so already sir, (sarcastically pointing to Phoebe)    congratulations! Mike: (takes the check from Phoebe) Ok, look! Enough! Alright? I'm stepping    in. I'm putting my foot down! As your future husband I'm going to make this    decision for us. (thinking) Now... what do you think we should do? Charity guy: You know what? It's not your decision anymore. Mike: What? Charity guy: On behalf of the Children of New York, I reject your money. Phoebe: But... but... but we're giving you this! Charity guy: Yeah... And I'm giving it back to you... Come on! Consider it    a contribution. (gives the check to Phoebe) Phoebe: (looks at the amount on the check, and gasps) Well, this is very generous! Charity guy: Please, take the check, go have a great wedding and a wonderful    life together. Mike: Well, I mean... It sounds good to me. And that way we can save up, come    back in a few years and make an even bigger donation. Charity guy: Absolutely! And when you do, make sure you ask for Brian. Phoebe: Oh, is that you? Charity guy: No!   [Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. They are sitting in    their living room when the phone rings.] Monica: Hello...? Oh hi... Oh my God...! Really...? I can't wait to tell Chandler...    Ok, goodbye. (hangs up) Chandler: Wrong number? Monica: It was Laura... She gave us a great report and we are officially on    the waiting list. Chandler: That's great! Monica: Now we just have to wait for a call and... and someone tells us there's    a baby waiting for us. Oh...  (Chandler and Monica hug and after a while the telephone rings again... Monica's    eyes get bigger. Chandler answers.) Chandler: Hello...? Have you seen Joey's bat?    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene: The playground. Ross, Rachel and Emma are still there.    Rachel comes walking to Ross and Emma with something between her hands.] Rachel: Ok... I got a spider. There were two, I picked the bigger one. Ross: (nervously) Ok... Rachel: Ok... (and passes the spider to Ross who holds it in between his hands) Ross: (Gasps and speaks at a higher pitch) This feels perfectly normal. Ok,    get on the swing! Rachel: (reluctantly) Ok... O-k... (She slowly grabs the chains of the swing, swings her hair back, and sits down.) Rachel: (more confident) Ok... (She slowly walks forward and backward, to gain speed...) Rachel: whoo... ok... wow... ok... OH! Ross: See? Rachel: A-alright! I can do this. Ross: There you go! Good for you! And you know what, I'm actually getting used    to this little guy. I don't really even feel him in here anymore. Rachel: That's because he's on your neck. Ross: Well... (realizes, screaming like a little girl, trying to get rid of    the spider) Whaa... aaah... aaahhh... (Ross is now preoccupied with the spider, and forgets that Rachel is still    using the swing. While trying to get rid of the spider, he stands in front of    Rachel, who bumps into him, throwing him on the ground again.) Rachel: ROSS! (Rachel tries to stop mid-swing, and the swing starts to turn from side to    side) end  
Joey: Hey!
Joey: What's going on?
Joey: Hey, is this person who decides whether or not you... get a baby?
Joey: Hey, maybe I should stop by! She could be a soap opera fan! It's very    impressive when the little people know a celebrity.
Joey: (pointing at himself) Celebrity.
Joey: (going out with the VCR in his hand) Well, I guess we'll never know whose    it is! 
Monica: Oh my God, the adoption lady is early! Chandler: Ok, ok, here we go. Monica: Ok. Chandler: Here we go. Stand up straight. (smiling) Big smile. (opens the door    and both are smiling exaggeratedly) Phoebe: Hello, is this the creepy residence? Monica: We’re waiting for the adoption lady, but, hey, I’m glad    you’re here. I was cleaning this morning and I found this (she puts a    box on the table and opens it). I don’t know if you wanna use it, but… Phoebe: Awe, this is so sweet of you! But you know what? I won’t be needing    a veil, I actually won’t be wearing a dress at all! Monica: I told you! I am not coming to a naked wedding!  Phoebe: No, no, no, we’re not having a big reception, we took the money    we were gonna spend on a wedding and we donate them to the children charity. Monica: That’s crazy! (Phoebe looks bewildered). I am sorry. I just can’t    imagine giving up my one wedding day like that! Phoebe: We, you know, we’re different! We don’t care about having    a huge party. (She picks up the veil) This is really nice for you, but, oh,    please, I put this on? (she puts it on) And, ow, I look (she looks her reflex    image on a toaster), why, well, radiant. (pause) All right, well, who cares,    I don’t need a pretty veil and a fancy dress. Monica: That’s right. You’re making a commitment and that’s    the same, whether you do that at the Plaza or, where are you gonna do it? Phoebe: City Hall. Monica: Ow! (Chandler slaps her on her back) Oh, that sounds nice! I am just    there for jury duty. They really spruce that place up! Phoebe: It’s ok, it’s ok. I made my decision. What I really want    is a great big wedding (she covers her mouth) Monica: Yay! Chandler: But you already gave all your money to charity! Phoebe: Well, I’ll just ask for it back! Chandler: I don’t think you can do that! Monica: Why not! This is her wedding day, this is way more important than some    stupid kids! Chandler: That’s sweet, honey, but save something for the adoption Lady.  [Scene: The playground. Ross put Emma on the swing and they’re    ready to play] Rachel: Ok, careful. Ross: Ok. Rachel: Careful, watch her hair. WATCH HER HAIR! Ross: Rach, she’s got like three hairs! Rachel: I know (she touches Emma’s head) but they’re just so beautiful!    Oh, my God, I just pulled one out. Ross: I promise you she’s safe! No watch how much she loves this.  Rachel: Ok. Ross (to Emma): Ready sweety? Rachel: Ok. Ross: Here we go! (He starts pushing Emma) Rachel: Ok, careful, ok. (Emma giggles) Oh, she’s smiling! Oh my God,    she does like it! Ross: See, I told you! Rachel: Awe! (Emma laughs) Oh my God! Looks, she’s a little dare-devil!    Oh, let me push, can I push? Ross: Oh, absolutely! Rachel: Ok. Oh God. (To Ross) Get the camera, it’s in the diaper bag. Ross: Ok! (he takes the camera and walks backwards to take a shot) See? Scared    of swings, I bet you feel pretty silly (a swinging boy knocks him down) Ow!     [Scene: The New York City Children's fund ] Mike: We’re seriously asking for our money back? Phoebe: It’s for our wedding day! Right, now, is this guy gay or straight,    because one of us gonna have to start flirting. Charity guy: Wow! Are you here to make another donation the same day? I don’t    think that that’s ever happened before. Phoebe (to Mike): Gay, go. Mike (to the charity guy): Oh my God, I love your shirt! Phoebe: The donation we made earlier, we k…, we w…, we want it    back. Charity guy: Excuse me? Phoebe: Yeah. See, that money was for a big wedding, that we thought we didn’t    want, but it turns out we do. Charity guy: So you’re asking us to refund your donation to the children? Mike: Yeah! This feels really good. Phoebe: I am sorry. I am, but this wedding is just really important to me. Charity guy: Hey, it’s not my business, (he takes their check from a    drawer) besides it’s probably a good thing. We really would have been    spoiling the children, all those food, and warm clothing… Phoebe: Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important!    And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a graduation party! And I didn’t    go to Prom. And I spent my sweet sixteen being chased round a tire yard by an    escaped mental patient who is his own words wanted to “kill me”    or whatever. So I deserve a real celebration and I am not gonna let some sweaty    little man make me feel badly about it.( She storms out) Mike: She could have been talking about either one of us.   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Somebody knocks the door] Laura: Hi, I am Laura, I am here for your adoption interview. Monica: Hi, I am Monica and this is Chandler. Please come in. Laura: Thank you! Monica: Would you like something to drink? Laura: Oh, water would be fine. Monica: Ok. Great. I am so glad that you are here. We’re really excited    about getting this process started. Chandler: Oh, because we love kids. Love ‘em to death.Well, not actually    to death, that's just a figure of speech - we love kids the appropriate amount...    as allowed by law. Laura: Your place is just lovely. Monica: Ah, thank you. This building does have a wholesome family feel to it. Laura: You know, I... I feel like I've been here before. Are any other couples    in the    building adopting? Monica: Is that that couple on the first floor? Because we should get a baby    before    them. Yeah! That guy tried to sell me drugs. (Laura looks shocked) Chandler: But other than that... wholesome, wholesome building. Laura: Oh... Chandler: What? Laura: I just realized why I remember this place. Monica: Really? What is it? Laura: Oh, it's nothing. I went on a date with a guy who lived in this building    and it    didn't end very well. Monica: Ohh... that wouldn't by any chance be... Joey Tribbiani? Laura: Yes! Chandler: Of course it was! Laura: Yeah, we had a really great night and in the morning he promised he    would call    me and he didn't. Chandler: RAT BASTARD! Laura: So you're not friends with him? Monica and Chandler: OH GOD NO! Nope, no, no, no. No! No, no. Nope! No, no,    no, no, no, no, no, no, no. NO! (finally Monica concludes) No! Laura: Well, I'm sorry I brought it up. So, are either one of you planning    on staying at    home with your child... (someone knocks on the door) Joey: (form the other side of the door) Hellooo? Anybody in there order a celebrity?       (He starts to enter the apartment and Chandler runs to the door and shuts it    back in    his face) OW! Laura: What was that? Chandler: Oh, it's just some crazy guy who roams the halls here. He's great    with    kids though.   [Scene: Ross and Rachel are at the playground with Emma. Rachel    in putting her back in the stroller and Ross is tending to his wound] Rachel: Oh, oh Ross, oh my God, are you okay? Ross: SON OF A BITCH! (turns to his right to see three kids staring at him)    (To the    kids) Oh relax! I didn't say the 'F' word! (They go away) Rachel: Ross, see! I told you, those swings are evil! Alright, that is it.    That is    the last time Emma is getting on one of those things for her entire life. Ross: No! No, no, no, no, okay, it wasn't the swing's fault. It was my fault    and kind    of that (point to the kid that kicked him) kids fault. Who is still laughing.    Nice.  Rachel: Ross, c'mon, please. Can we just get out of here, before somebody else    gets    hurt? Ross: No wait, okay, okay, I have an idea. I want you to get on the swing,    okay? And    you'll see that there's nothing to be afraid of.  Rachel: (looks at him suspiciously) I know what this is all about... You've    always been    jealous of my hair. Ross: Look, I just think you're an adult, okay? And you should get over your    silly    fears. Rachel: Alright fine. I'll do it. Ross: Good. Rachel: If you hold a spider.  Ross: (He freaks out and starts jumping around brushing his sweater) WHAT?    WHERE? WHERE? Rachel: IF you hold a spider. Ross: I know. (Rachel bends down to Emma and Ross looks over his shoulder again,       afraid)  [Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. Chandler is still leaning    against the door, keeping Joey out, who is still banging and shouting on the    other side.] Joey: Guys? Everything ok? It's me, Joe... Chandler: (Screams to interrupt Joey) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA......AAAaaa-doption!! Laura: What's going on? Chandler: Oh, just like I said. That crazy... Bert... roaming the halls. (Joey    bangs on    the door again) Joey: Guys!? Monica: Keep on roaming Bert! We don't want any crazy today! Joey: What's going on? Chandler: WE'LL TALK TO YOU LATER, BERT. EVERYTHNG'S FINE!!  (cut to Joey on the other side, who finally leaves the door and goes to his    apartment) Joey: Everything doesn't sound fine! Laura: Is he alright out there by himself? Chandler: Oh yeah! He has a caretaker. His older brother... Ernie. Laura: Bert and Ernie! Chandler: (nervous smile) You can't make this stuff up!  [Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe and Mike enter] Mike: You never told me about that guy on your sweet sixteen. Oh, ugh. I'm    sorry about    that. Phoebe: (Lightly) Oh! It ended okay. One of my friends shot him.  Mike: Well, hey, at least you're getting a proper wedding. I mean, you really    deserve that. Phoebe: Yeah, I really do. You know, I had nothing growing up. (thinks for    a few    seconds) Just like the kids I took the money from. Mike: No! No, no. I see where this is going. Don't make me go back there. Phoebe: Look, I can't have a wedding with this money now. It's tainted. Mike: Alright, fine. We'll give the money back. Phoebe: And if that guy at the charity gives us a hard time, my friend hasn't    shot    anyone in a really long time.   [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing    to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window, Chandler    and Monica are standing on either side of her, facing each other. Laura: Well, I must say, this seems like a lovely environment to raise a child    in. Monica: Oh, by the way, you are more than welcome to look under any of the    furniture,    because, believe me, you won't find any porn or cigarettes under there! Laura: Oh! Well, actually, before we look around, let me make sure I have everything    I need    up to here... (She starts checking her form. Chandler sees movement near the window from       the corner of his eye and when he looks he spots Joey climbing up the fire escape    and    onto their balcony. He warns Monica silently.) Monica: (Pulls Laura into the spare room) Why don't I show you the baby's room? (Joey enters through the side window and jogs towards the kitchen holding a    baseball bat) Chandler: What the hell are you doing? Joey: Well, you wouldn't let me in, so I thought you were in trouble. Chandler: Well, we're not. Joey: But you called me 'Bert'!? That's our code word for danger! Chandler: We don't have a code word. Joey: We don't? We really should. From now on, 'Bert' will be our code word    for danger. (Monica talks loudly in the baby's room) Monica: So that was the baby's room. (They come out and Chandler throws Joey    behind    the couch and puts his foot on him. Monica looks at Chandler) Monica: (To Chandler) What room should we see next? Chandler: Any room that isn't behind this couch! (laughs nervously) Monica: (laughs nervously as well, Laura looks confused) (To Laura) Some people    don't    get him, but I think he's really funny! (She takes Laura to their own bedroom). (Joey gets up and look annoyed) Joey: (quivering with anger) I did not care for that! Chandler: (escorting Joey to the door) You have to get out of here. You slept    with    our social worker and you never called her back and she is still pissed, so    she can't    see you. Joey: Ok, ok! (He leaves) Chandler: Ok! (Joey leaves and closes the door behind him. Chandler walks towards the living    room, but then Joey enters again.) Chandler: What? Joey: I forgot my bat. (He picks up his bat and holds it up, but then Monica and Laura enter the living    room again. When Laura sees Joey, she freezes...) Laura: Oh my God! Chandler: And for the last time, we do not want to be friends with you! And    we don't want to buy your bat! (Joey lowers his bat) Laura: What are you doing here? Joey: (to Chandler) Bert! Bert! Bert! Bert! Laura: Are you friends with him? Chandler: I can explain... Joey... Joey: Uhm... ok... uhm... Well, yeah... You have got some nerve, coming back    here. I can't believe you never called me. Laura: Excuse me? Joey: Oh... yeah... Probably you don't even remember my name. It's Joey, by    the way. And don't bother telling me yours, because I totally remember it...    lady. Yeah! I waited weeks for you to call me. Laura: I gave you my number, you never called me. Joey: No, no! Don't try to turn this around on me, ok? I'm not some kind of...    social work, ok, that you can just... do. Laura: (embarrassed towards Chandler and Monica) Well, I'm pretty sure I gave    you my number. Joey: Really? Think about it. Come on! You're a beautiful woman, smart, funny,    we had a really good time, huh? If I had your number, why wouldn't I call you? Laura: I don't know... Well, maybe I'm wrong... I'm sorry... Joey: No, no, hey, no! Too late for apologies... ok? You broke my heart. You    know how many women I had to sleep with to get over you? (and he leaves the    apartment, leaving her shocked) Laura: Joey, wait! Joey: (acting sad) NO! I waited a long time, I can't wait anymore... (and closes    the door behind him) Laura: (laughing nervously) I'm sorry that you had to see that. I'm so embarrassed... Chandler: Oh, that's really ok. Monica: Yeah, that we totally understand. Dating is hard. Laura: Boy, you people are nice... And I've got to say... I think you're going    to make excellent parents. (Chandler and Monica hug each other, and then Joey enters the apartment again.) Joey: LAURA! (and points to her, very confident)   [Scene: The New York City Children's Fund building. Phoebe and    Mike are entering.] Phoebe: (to the Charity guy) We're back! Charity guy: Are you here to take more money? Because, I think what you're    looking for is an ATM. Mike: No, no, we're here to give the money back. Phoebe: Yeah, because you know what, it's... it's all about the children.  (the Charity guy smiles wanting to take the check, but Phoebe pulls it back    again. His smile fades.)  Phoebe: Although... it's also about the wedding... Ugh, alright... here. (she    gives the check and pulls it back again) No... Oh God... Oh! Charity guy: If I haven't said so already sir, (sarcastically pointing to Phoebe)    congratulations! Mike: (takes the check from Phoebe) Ok, look! Enough! Alright? I'm stepping    in. I'm putting my foot down! As your future husband I'm going to make this    decision for us. (thinking) Now... what do you think we should do? Charity guy: You know what? It's not your decision anymore. Mike: What? Charity guy: On behalf of the Children of New York, I reject your money. Phoebe: But... but... but we're giving you this! Charity guy: Yeah... And I'm giving it back to you... Come on! Consider it    a contribution. (gives the check to Phoebe) Phoebe: (looks at the amount on the check, and gasps) Well, this is very generous! Charity guy: Please, take the check, go have a great wedding and a wonderful    life together. Mike: Well, I mean... It sounds good to me. And that way we can save up, come    back in a few years and make an even bigger donation. Charity guy: Absolutely! And when you do, make sure you ask for Brian. Phoebe: Oh, is that you? Charity guy: No!   [Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. They are sitting in    their living room when the phone rings.] Monica: Hello...? Oh hi... Oh my God...! Really...? I can't wait to tell Chandler...    Ok, goodbye. (hangs up) Chandler: Wrong number? Monica: It was Laura... She gave us a great report and we are officially on    the waiting list. Chandler: That's great! Monica: Now we just have to wait for a call and... and someone tells us there's    a baby waiting for us. Oh...  (Chandler and Monica hug and after a while the telephone rings again... Monica's    eyes get bigger. Chandler answers.) Chandler: Hello...? Have you seen Joey's bat?    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene: The playground. Ross, Rachel and Emma are still there.    Rachel comes walking to Ross and Emma with something between her hands.] Rachel: Ok... I got a spider. There were two, I picked the bigger one. Ross: (nervously) Ok... Rachel: Ok... (and passes the spider to Ross who holds it in between his hands) Ross: (Gasps and speaks at a higher pitch) This feels perfectly normal. Ok,    get on the swing! Rachel: (reluctantly) Ok... O-k... (She slowly grabs the chains of the swing, swings her hair back, and sits down.) Rachel: (more confident) Ok... (She slowly walks forward and backward, to gain speed...) Rachel: whoo... ok... wow... ok... OH! Ross: See? Rachel: A-alright! I can do this. Ross: There you go! Good for you! And you know what, I'm actually getting used    to this little guy. I don't really even feel him in here anymore. Rachel: That's because he's on your neck. Ross: Well... (realizes, screaming like a little girl, trying to get rid of    the spider) Whaa... aaah... aaahhh... (Ross is now preoccupied with the spider, and forgets that Rachel is still    using the swing. While trying to get rid of the spider, he stands in front of    Rachel, who bumps into him, throwing him on the ground again.) Rachel: ROSS! (Rachel tries to stop mid-swing, and the swing starts to turn from side to    side) end  
Joey: (form the other side of the door) Hellooo? Anybody in there order a celebrity?       (He starts to enter the apartment and Chandler runs to the door and shuts it    back in    his face) OW!
Joey: Guys? Everything ok? It's me, Joe...
Joey: Guys!?
Joey: What's going on?
Joey: Everything doesn't sound fine!
Joey: Well, you wouldn't let me in, so I thought you were in trouble.
Joey: But you called me 'Bert'!? That's our code word for danger!
Joey: We don't? We really should. From now on, 'Bert' will be our code word    for danger.
Joey: (quivering with anger) I did not care for that!
Joey: Ok, ok! (He leaves)
Joey: I forgot my bat.
Joey: (to Chandler) Bert! Bert! Bert! Bert!
Joey: Uhm... ok... uhm... Well, yeah... You have got some nerve, coming back    here. I can't believe you never called me.
Joey: Oh... yeah... Probably you don't even remember my name. It's Joey, by    the way. And don't bother telling me yours, because I totally remember it...    lady. Yeah! I waited weeks for you to call me.
Joey: No, no! Don't try to turn this around on me, ok? I'm not some kind of...    social work, ok, that you can just... do.
Joey: Really? Think about it. Come on! You're a beautiful woman, smart, funny,    we had a really good time, huh? If I had your number, why wouldn't I call you?
Joey: No, no, hey, no! Too late for apologies... ok? You broke my heart. You    know how many women I had to sleep with to get over you? (and he leaves the    apartment, leaving her shocked)
Joey: (acting sad) NO! I waited a long time, I can't wait anymore... (and closes    the door behind him)
Joey: LAURA! (and points to her, very confident)
Written by: Shana Goldberg-Meehan     Produced by: Robert Carlock &amp; Wendy Knoller     Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa    Final check by Kim [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Chandler enter, the others are sitting on the couch.] Monica: Hey guys! Rachel: Hi!  Phoebe: Hey! Monica: We need to talk to you about something. Chandler: Yeah. We don't feel like we can host Thanksgiving this year. All: What? Phoebe: Hey! Ross: Are you kidding? Chandler: Well, it's just with uhm, work and the stress of adoption, we just don't feel like we have the energy. Plus, we don't think it's fair that every year the burden falls on us.  Ross: (skeptical) That doesn't sound like you... That's Monica talking! Chandler: No, no! We made this decision together.  Ross: She's putting words in your mouth! Joey: Don't you put words in people's mouths, you put turkey in people's mouths! Rachel: I can't believe this! This is Emma's first Thanksgiving! Monica: No, it's not! Rachel: It's not? (whispering to Ross) When was she born? Phoebe: Well, personally I think it's great you're giving yourself a break. Monica: Thank you, Pheebs! Phoebe: Sure. It's just as well... I mean, last year wasn't very good. I think she's losing her touch. Monica: What? You are way off, lady! Phoebe: Am I? Really? Am I? Well, why don't you cook Thanksgiving dinner and prove me wrong! Well, think about it, think about it, you'll be trying to top than you did last year. You'd be in competition... with yourself. Monica: That's my favourite kind! Okay, we are doing this! Chandler: Don't let yourself get manipulated this way! Monica: Hey, stay out of this, Chandler! This is between me... and ME! Chandler: We are supposed to make these decisions together! Did you not watch the Doctor Phil I taped for you?  OPENING CREDITS   [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. Rachel and Monica are in there, and Phoebe enters] Phoebe: Hey! Rachel: Hi! Happy Thanksgiving! Phoebe: Oh, yeah, happy needless-turkey-murder day. Monica: You guys, I ordered some chocolate pies from that bakery on Bleecker. Could you pick them up for me? Phoebe: You're not making the pies yourself? Monica: No, no, no, I don't make chocolate pies. When I was younger I-I enter in this pie-eating contest. I ate so many that just the thought of them made me sick. Rachel: Did you at least win the contest? Monica: 2 minutes, 12 pies and a part of one tin! Okay, I see you guys at 4. Rachel: Can't wait! Monica: This dinner is gonna be so great! In your face, last year "me"! (Monica leaves) Phoebe: Hey Rach. Rachel: Yeah. Phoebe: What's Emma doing today? Rachel: Well, let's see... uh... I know that she has a meeting with her lawyer and then she has to make a very big poop. Why? Phoebe: Well, I wanna enter her in a baby beauty pageant. Rachel: Oh my God! That's the creepiest thing I've ever heard! Phoebe: Okay, but, well, before you say no, my friend Susanne is entering her kid and compared to Emma she's a real dog! Rachel: Oh! Phoebe, all babies are beautiful! Phoebe: (sarcastic) Oh... okay.  Rachel: Phoebe, just the idea of pitting one baby against another, I mean, you know, and judging who's cuter just for a trophy...  Rachel: And a thousand dollars. Rachel: ...is something I'm very interested in! Oh please, do not tell Ross. He still believes that (in a deep voice, mocking Ross) what's in the inside is important... Phoebe: Okay, oh, and Emma needs a cowgirl outfit for the competition. Rachel: Where am I gonna get a cowgirl outfit on Thanksgiving? Phoebe: Well, I was thinking... Rachel: Oh, take the clothes of Joey's Cabbage Patch Kid.  Phoebe: Yeah!   [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. Chandler is watching TV and Monica is cooking] Monica: (Chandler's laughing) Did someone drop the baton again? Chandler: Why come all the way from Kansas to do that? Monica: (she tastes what she has cooked) I don't get older. I just get better! Chandler: You know what just occurred to me? This could be our last Thanksgiving just the two of us. I mean, we could be getting a baby soon! Monica: You don't know that. Chandler: Somebody is gonna pick us.  Monica: Yeah, but we haven't heard a thing from the adoption agency and it has been weeks! Chandler: I'm telling ya! It's gonna happen. Next year it's gonna be you, me and the little Hemingway Bing. (pause) What, he's my favourite author! Monica: Name one of his books. Chandler: (after a long pause) "The Firm"? Monica: Ok, let's see... uhm, okay, the turkey is in the oven, the stuffing is ready... Chandler: You know, you always cook this meal all by yourself. Let me help this year.  Monica: Oh, Chandler, that's sweet. But you don't have to do everything Doctor Phil tells you to do. Chandler: I'm serious, let me do something, just not the turkey or the stuffing, nothing "high profile". Monica: Ok, let's see... Oh, the cranberry sauce, it is easy to make and no-one really cares about it.  Chandler: Tell me more. Monica: Okay, I'm gonna go check on something across the hall. You start by washing these (she gives Chandler a bowl with cranberries. Then, while she's going outside, she sees him with a bottle of soap in his hands) Not with soap!! (she leaves) Chandler: You obviously haven't tasted my Palmolive potatoes! (Ross and Joey enter) Ross: Hey! Hey, guess what Joey has! Joey: Three tickets to today's Rangers game!! Ross: Dude, I wanted him to guess. Joey: Oh. Chandler: Oh my God! Joey: Yeah, they're great seats too! Ross: Guess where they are? Joey: Center ice. Ross: Did I do something to you? Chandler: Hmm, the game's at one. Ross: So?  Chandler: Dinner is at four, we'll never gonna make it back. Joey: So we'll leave before it's over, we'll be back in time. Chandler: You say that now, but it could take us a long time to get back home. Plus Joey could get lost and and they could have to page us to go pick him up. Joey: Dude, two times that happened! Chandler: Look, Monica has been working hard all day, she didn't wanna host this thing in the first place, we shouldn't go! Ross: He's right, man. Joey: Right, I guess. Alright, so see you at four.  Chandler: Okay. (pause) And get ready to taste my very special cranberries. Or should I say... chanberries! Joey: That's some gentle comedy, dude. (he and Ross leave) Ross: We're still going at the game, right? Joey: Yeah! Ross: Yeah.   [Scene: Baby beauty contest] Host: This is contestant number sixteen, Rebecca... Phoebe: Hey. Rachel: Oh Phoebe, listen. Well, I think we gotta go. This place is really freaking me out. I've been watching this guy over there, I don't think he came with a kid! Phoebe: We can't leave now! There was this one baby, Haley, who was favourite to win and she got croup, so she had to stay home! This competition just blew wide open, folks! Rachel: Phoebe, I think... It's just too weird, I just saw a one year old running around with pantyhose on! Phoebe: Oh, I know, we should have been more prepared. (she looks around) It's okay. Now, the way I see it, our real competition now is Cameron. Oh my God, they just took her sweater off. Look at those arms! Hello Michelin Man. Rachel: Oh, Phoebe! Come on! You know what, it's already three o'clock and they haven't even gotten to Emma's group yet. We gotta go, we got dinner! Phoebe: (panicking) But Emma's got what it takes, she could go all the way!  Rachel: Phoebe, you have to calm down. Phoebe: Okay. Rachel, the hottest babies in the Tri-State Area are in this room right now! I overheard one of the judges say that not one of them holds a candle to Emma! Rachel: Really? Phoebe: Yeah! Rachel: You heard them say that? Phoebe: Yeah! Rachel: All right, okay. Alright, let's give to these babies something to cry about! Phoebe: Good! Oh yay! Let's get down to business! Emma needs some makeup! Rachel: No, what? Phoebe: Well, she's gonna look all washed out next to the other contestants! Rachel: No Phoebe, I am not letting you put makeup on my baby! Phoebe: Why not! Rachel: Because I already did!    [Scene: Madison Square Garden] (there's a lot of shouting and yelling)  Joey: Oh, Bob, get off the guy! Ross: Oh! What a game, huh? Joey: I know, yeah. Ross: I can't believe Chandler is missing this! Joey: Yeah. I am sorry he's not here too, but I got to say, (takes some nachos from a plate on the seat where Chandler should have been) I am really enjoying Nacho Chair. Ross: Yeah, I'd probably enjoy it more if you didn't keep batting my hand away. Joey: Ohhhh! These seats are great! Ross: I know, I know! When I was here for Holidays on Ice (Joey looks around worried hoping no one heard that) I was sitting so far away Michelle Kwan couldn't read my banner! Joey: (looks at the time) Wow, hey, we'd better get going. If we don't leave right now, we'll be late for dinner. Ross: Oh, but it's a kind game! So we're a little late, you know, the girls will be there, let's stay just for one more goal. Joey: I don't know... Ross: One more fight! Joey: Okay. Ross: Okay.   [Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment.] Monica: Where is everybody? They're forty-five minutes late! Chandler: I can't believe they are not here! I slave and I slave for what? They've ruined cranberry day!   [Scene: The corridor. Ross and Joey have just arrived.] Joey: How late are we? Ross: Forty-five minutes. Joey: Wow (He opens his apartment door and throws their stuff in.) Ross: (handing him his coat) Here! Joey: Okay. Rachel and Phoebe are already there, okay? So they probably started without us. We could just slip in and no-one needs to know where we were! (he raises his hands and on his right one there's a Rangers foam finger) Ross: You may want to lose the foam finger! Joey: Oh, no, no, no, no, no. You just want to put it on your hand! (Rachel, Phoebe and Emma arrive) Ross: Hey! Phoebe: Oh! Joey: You are not at Thanksgiving? Rachel: No...  Phoebe: No, we're late! Rachel: What are you doing here! Ross: We're late too! (Rachel screams) Joey: We figured we could be late because you guys were gonna be on time (he points the foam finger at the girls) Phoebe: Don't point that thing at me, Tribbiani! Ross: So, nobody's here? Monica's gonna kill us! Joey: Yeah, where were you! Ross: Yeah, yeah, what's with the trophy! Phoebe: Uh, we were at the Spelling Bee! Rachel: And I won! Ross: You won an adult Thanksgiving day spelling bee. Rachel: Yes! (spells it) Y-E-S. Yes! Ross: Let me see this... (he takes the trophy from Rachel's hands) Grand Supreme Little Darling, New York Division. Rachel: Yeah. That's me! Ross: You entered Emma into a Beauty Pageant? Phoebe: And it looks like she put makeup on her! Joey: Wait a second, wait a second, where have I seen that cowgirl outfit before... Ross: I can't believe this, she's our daughter! That you would treat her like some kind of showdog is inexcusable!  Rachel: She won a thousand dollars! Ross: So this is an annual thing? Joey: (realizing) Oh! That's Alicia Mae Emory's outfit! Phoebe: You guys, there are people in there who are not getting any happier! Ross: Yeah. What are we gonna do? Rachel: Well, I don't know, you guys figure it out, I got to put Emma down for a nap. Joey: All right. Hey Rach, while you're in there, throw something on Alicia Mae.  Phoebe: Alright, what are we gonna say? Ross: Ooh, we'll say that we were mugged! You can't get mad at someone who's been mugged! Phoebe: Oh, good, that's good, but you don't look like you were mugged! Joey: No. Here (he tears off the pocket from Ross' shirt, and tears off everything below that as well.) Ross: (to Joey) HEY!   [Scene: Monica's apartment.] Monica: Do you hear something? (Chandlers stands up and goes to the door to look out from the peephole) Chandler: (peeping) They're out there! Monica: Ohhh! Let me see! Oh God, I can't believe this! They're an hour late and they're just staying out there, talking! Chandler: (peeping) Everything is so distorted! Looks like Joey has a giant hand! Which says "Rangers" on it. They went to the game! Monica: (gasps) Oooh! They are in for a world of pain! Chandler: (looking through the peephole again) Ross' shirt is torn. Monica: Oh! They're late and they're sloppy! [Cut to the hall] (Rachel comes out of her apartment} Rachel: Alright, Emma is napping... (then to Ross) what happened to your shirt? Ross: I got mugged. And they stole my pocket. Phoebe: We're just... we're trying to figure out an excuse. Hey! Ooh! How about this: We can say that Monica told us 5 o'clock, not 4 o'clock. That way we're right on time! (Others start to agree but she continues) OR... or, we can plant PCP in the apartment and call the cops on her. Ross: (sarcastic) That would be a good way to get rid of all the PCP we have lying around. Rachel: You know what, we just say that she said it was 5 o'clock. We'll just act casual. We're not late, we're right on time. (When she finishes talking, a note is pushed from under Monica's and Chandler's door, into the hall. Ross picks it up and reads it out loud) Ross: (Reading the note) We know you're out there. (Rachel gasps) Joey: (whispering) Who do you think its from? [time lapse – they are still in the hall] Rachel: Oh, God. This is bad. This is so bad. Ross: Well, let's just go in there and face them. Phoebe: Well, I'm not going in first. I bet that vein on Monica's forehead is popping like crazy.  Joey: I hate that thing, it's like a... bolt of lightning. Rachel: Oh, hey, I have an idea. Why don't we play rock-paper-scissors, and whoever loses goes in first. (they all agree) Ready? (they do the rock-paper-scissor thing with they hands and Rachel has paper, Phoebe and Ross both have rock, while Joey is doing a strange upward wiggling with his fingers. They all look a him confused). Joey: (smiling from ear to ear) Ah-haah! I win!! Ross: What is that?  Joey: That's fire. Beats everything. Phoebe: Oh, really? Does it beat water balloon? (She places her hand over his "fire" and mimics a bursting water balloon, thus putting the fire out).  Joey: Ooh! Well played, Phoebe Buffay, well played.  Rachel: Alright, enough, enough, come on. Let's just all go in at the same time. All: Alright, okay. (Phoebe reaches for the door, and tries to open it but it's locked) Phoebe: It's locked. Ross: Wha...? Oh sure, now they lock it, but when they're having sex on the couch, its like: "Come on in, my butt is surprisingly hairy".  Rachel: Alright, come on... (starts to knock on the door) Alright, you guys. We're so sorry we're late. Please let us in, so we can have dinner together. [cut to Monica and Chandler] Monica: No! Everything's cold. The turkey's dried out and the... the stuffing is all soggy. Chandler: Yeah, and there's a bowl of cranberry sauce that... (speaking lower to Monica) what happens to cranberry sauce? Monica: (Rolling her eyes) Nothing. It's fine. Chandler: (relieved) Oh thank God! [cut to the hall] Ross: Come on you guys, we're sorry, alri...? Our subway broke down. Chandler: (looking through the peephole) That's a lie, you went to the game, I can see Joey's hand. Ross: (to Joey, who is wearing a blue, 3 foot hand) FOR THE LOVE OF GOD TAKE IT OFF!! (takes it off his hand and throws it on the floor) Rachel: You guys, come on, it doesn't matter why we're late. We're all here now, please let us in so we can have some of your delicious turkey. (A slice of turkey on a piece of aluminum foil is slid under door) Joey: I had a dream once about a fax machine that did that. (Ross picks it up) [cut to Monica and Chandler] Monica: That's all the turkey you're gonna get. [cut to the hall] Ross: How are we gonna decide who gets this? Joey: (holds his fist up) WATER BALLOON! (he stuffs the slice in is mouth and gives the foil back to Ross) Phoebe: What are we gonna do? I'm starving. Rachel: (gasps) Oh, I just remembered. We do have something to eat. Monica put something in our oven this morning. Phoebe: Oh yeah! [cut to Monica and Chandler] Monica: Hey, you touch that and you will be sorry. Chandler: Guys, I'd listen to her. The vein is bigger than I've ever seen it. (Monica looks at Chandler) [cut to the hall] (Rachel comes out of the apartment holding a pot. Joey holds in anticipation and Rachel opens it) Rachel: Huh... OH MY GOD IT'S BRUSSELS SPROUTS. (they all look appalled) Ross: That's worse than no food. [cut to Monica and Chandler] (Monica looks insulted) Chandler: HA-HA! All you got was Monica's stinky Brussels sprouts! Monica: Stinky?! Chandler: Please let me stay on this side of the door. [cut to hall] Rachel: Oh, I know... I still have my old key! (She goes in to get it and comes back with her keys) We can just unlock the door. Phoebe: Well, I don't know if that's such a good idea. They clearly don't want to be with us. Rachel: You know what? I don't want to be with them either, but it's Thanksgiving and we should not want to be together, together. (Goes to unlock the door) Joey: (to Ross) Just get in there and make a face to face apology, you know? Look them in the eye. I know I can get them to forgive us. Ross: I don't know... Joey: I'm telling ya... (his eyes open wide and he looks like his eyes are about to pop out. He stares at Ross like this without blinking) I can do it. Ross: (Staring back, and then breaks off) (To Phoebe and Rachel) Yeah, he can do it! (Rachel finally manages to open the door, but the door chain is on.) Rachel: Oh! (Joey sticks his head through the gap. Monica and Chandler are now sitting at the dinner table. There is another smaller table full of food standing in front of the front door) (Monica and Chandler do not look amused by Joeys head in the door) Joey: Oh! It all looks so beautiful: the turkey, the stuffing... (Monica is now smiling) Chandler: The cranberries...? Monica: Oh! Enough! A monkey could have made 'em! Joey: (still with his door wedged in the door gap, now opens his eyes wide and stares at Monica and Chandler as he did with Ross earlier in the hall) Hey listen guys, we feel really terrible. Chandler: He's doing that weird eye contact thing. Don't look at him, don't look at him! (They both look away) Joey: Come on you guys, we want you to know we're (His eye widen even more) very very sorry. (Monica and Chandler are now covering their eyes with their hands) (then to the others in the hall) Right guys? (Ross head appears above Joey's, Rachel's below Joey's and Phoebe's at the bottom) Ross: I feel terrible. Phoebe and Rachel: So, so sorry. Joey: (smiling) Now let's not ruin this day. You worked so hard. Let's move past this and try to have a nice meal all together, huh? Chandler: The floating heads do make a good point. Monica: Yeah, they do seem to feel pretty bad. Rachel: So bad. Ross : So bad. Phoebe: So bad. Monica: (Gets up) Okay, okay. You two (to Phoebe and Rachel) go get the dessert. And I'll let you in.  Rachel: Dessert? Monica: Yeah, I asked you and Phoebe to pick up the pies. You did remember, right? Phoebe: Pies, oh, we thought you said priiiize (goes to the hall and comes back with Emma's trophy in her hand). Here! (gives it to Monica). (Monica takes it and reads the label) Monica: Grand Supreme Little Darling? Rachel: Congratulatioooons! Monica: Oh my God! YOU FORGOT THE PIES? Well, I cannot believe this. You force me to make dinner, then you're an hour late and you forget the one little thing that I asked you to do. Ross: Really girls, not cool. Chandler: Well, you manheads aren't any better. You lied about going to the game. You knew it would make you late, and you still went anyway. Joey: Hey! I'm getting a little tired of this okay? We said we're sorry. It's Thanksgiving for Pete's sakes! A day of forgiveness! Ross: It's a day to be thankful. Joey: (to Ross, mouthing) Don't make me come up there! Monica: It's too late for apologies. Joey: Fine! Let's just go. I don't need your stupid dinner. Chandler: That would be a lot more convincing if you weren't drooling. Rachel: Ewww, is that what that is? Joey: Sorry! Phoebe: Come on you guys, let's just do our own Thanksgiving. Rachel: Yeah! I'll cook! Ross: Yeah! Let's go out. Rachel: Hey! Joey: Yeah! You three have a nice Thanksgiving. Monica: The three of us? Joey: Yeah! You, Chan, and the vein! (Monica gasps and holds her forehead. Phoebe, Rachel and Ross pull back their heads) Joey: Ha! (When Joey tries to pull back his head, he notices he is stuck) Joey: Oh-oh! I'm stuck! Monica: Joey, that is not gonna work. Joey: No seriously... I'm really wedged in here. Phoebe: I'll pull you through. Ross: Okay. Joey: (in agony) aaw-ahhh-aaahhh STOP! STOP! I'm worried about damaging my head. Chandler: A little late for that. Joey: Alright, hurry up, you gotta do something. Monica: Alright, well, this does not change anything. (to Chandler) Okay, we need to get something to grease the sides of his face. Chandler: Uhm, we've got turkey grease. Monica: Bring it. Joey: I just wanna say that I'm sorry I referred to the vein as a seperate person... (Chandler gives Monica a footlong "eye dropper" with the turkey grease in it) Monica: Here you go! (She squirts some of the grease along Joey's face.) Joey: Oh, that smells good! (And he starts licking the grease which trickles down his face. Monica also squirts some on the other side of his face, and his tongue follows her movements.) Joey: Okay. Monica: Okay, try it. (Joey tries to pull back at all his might.) Joey: It isn't working. Monica: Alright, we're gonna have to unscrew the chain. Joey: Well hurry, I can't feel my ears! Chandler: Can you ever feel your ears? Joey: Interesting... Monica: Chandler, where are your tools? Chandler: (sarcastically) Oh, I left them on my bulldozer... I don't have tools! Monica: I do, but Rachel borrowed them. Rachel: I lent them to Ross. Ross: I gave them to Joey. Joey: I left them at the park. Monica: Oh! Ross: (looking at Joey's butt) I'm finding it really hard not to mess with him. Phoebe: I've already stuffed a bunch of Brussel sprouts down his pants. Ross: Nice! (The phone rings in Chandler and Monica's apartment) Monica: Okay, I have to get that. Now when I get back, I want you and your friends to be gone. Thanksgiving is over. The Vein has spoken. Joey: It's really starting to hurt. Chandler: Okay, look, I'm gonna pull on the door and you guys push as hard as you can. Maybe we can get enough room to wiggle him out, okay? Okay, so PUSH! Phoebe: Just a sec., we're kind in the middle of something here. (Rachel, Ross and Phoebe have their hands full and are stuffing all kinds of things down Joeys pants.) Joey: Ooh! Stop putting things down my pants! Chandler: Come on guys, PUSH! Joey: Yeah! Come on! Joey and Chandler: PUSH! PUSH! PUSH! (The chain breaks loose from the wall, and because Joey was pushing with all his might, he propells into the kitchen, towards the table with all the food. This table has wheels underneath it, and when Joey falls on this table, he rides into the living room, with all the food falling off, until finally Joey also falls off... Joey gets up quickly, a bit agitated, and acting as nothing happened. He is covered in food stains.) Chandler: My cranberries! Joey: (looking at himself) Man, I've got food all over me. (He licks his fingers, liking it. He offers Chandler a taste.) Chandler: Argh! I can't believe what you did. Monica's gonna kill you! (Monica enters from the spare bedroom.) Chandler: (to Monica) Look! Look! Look what the... Look what... Look what the floating heads did! Monica: (very emotional) I don't care. (Chandler can't believe what he's hearing. He looks at Monica, then at the others, then back at Monica.) Chandler: What's going on? Monica: That was the adoption agency... Chandler: And? Monica: WE'RE GETTING A BABY! Chandler: Are you serious? (they hug) Monica: There's a pregnant woman in Ohio, and she picked us! (They all cheer and Rachel, Ross and Phoebe join in for a group hug. Joey also joins, but he stands back a bit, because he is all sticky of the food on him) Rachel: I'm so happy for you! Monica: This Thanksgiving kicks last Thanksgiving's ass! (They all cheer and hug again, but Joey's eating the food off his shirt) COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. The table is set, and there's food on the tables again. They're all there, toasting.] Rachel: To Monica and Chandler... and that knocked up girl in Ohio. Ross: I'm just so happy you guys are finally getting a kid. Phoebe: I know. Have you considered pageanting? Monica: I can't believe they called, and we're actually getting a baby. (she kisses Chandler) Joey: Oh, I know how you feel... (Monica and Chandler are looking curiously at Joey.) Rachel: Really? Joey: Sure. I went through the exact same thing with Alicia Mae Emory... The waiting, the wandering... Then one day... I get that call from Toys "R" Us... She was in stock! Chandler: That is the exact same thing. THE END   
Joey: Yeah! You, Chan, and the vein!
Written by: Scott Silveri    Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller    Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa    Final check by Kim [Scene: Central Perk. Everyone's sitting on the couch.Monica and Chandler enter]  Chandler:  Hi! Ross: Hey! Monica: Hey! Chandler: We're just here to say goodbye, we're off to Ohio. Phoebe: Oh, right! Your adoption interview! Monica: Yep, we're gonna meet the lady who could be carrying our baby. Joey: I can't believe it. When you guys come back, you're gonna have a baby! That is so weird! Chandler: And so incorrect! Monica: She's only a couple of months pregnant. She liked our application but who knows if she's gonna like us. Ross: Come on, she's gonna love you guys! Chandler: Uhm, thank you, but we're really trying not to get our hopes up. Monica: And a lot could still get in our way. Chandler: Yeah. I mean, this girl could decide against adoption or she could like another couple better.. Phoebe: What are you gonna name the baby? Chandler: I can develop a condition in which I talk and talk and no one hears a word. Joey: But just think, ok? What if everything goes right? What if this woman does pick you guys? Monica: Oh my God. She's gonna pick us! Chandler: So we're standing firm on the 'not getting our hopes up'? Monica: You know, I know that things could still go wrong but if they don't? If this works out, we're gonna have a baby Chandler, a baby! Chandler: Yes, but... Monica: Oh my God, it's gonna WORK! We're gonna make it work! I'm gonna be a mummy and (to Chandler) you're gonna be a daddy! All right, I'll see you suckers. I'm gonna get me... A BABY! {she leaves) Chandler: Oh, screw it, I'm gonna be a daddy!!  OPENING CREDITS  [Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe's speaking to a girl.] Rachel: (to Joey) Hey, who's Phoebe with? Joey: I'm gonna say someone I'm gonna have sex with. (the girl leaves and Phoebe goes toward the couch) (to Phoebe) Hey! Phoebe: Hey! Joey: So... who's your friend? Phoebe: Oh, that's Sarah. No, no. Don't you get any ideas, ok? No, I'm not setting you up with any more of my friends! Joey: OW, why, why, why? Phoebe: Because you'll date her once, sleep with her and then forget she exists! Joey: Oh, name one friend of yours that I did that with. Phoebe: Mandy. Joey: Mandy, uh? Uh... really hot blonde, big boobs? Phoebe: No. Joey: I know why I don't remember her, huh? (he winks at Rachel) Rachel: Do you think I'm someone else? Joey: Ok, I may not have treated your friends well in the past, but I have grown up a lot, really. Honest, Rach? Rachel: Well, believe it or not, it's true. When Joey and I were together, he was wonderful. He was thoughtful and mature. And for the one week that we went out, he didn't sleep with anybody else! Joey: (pointing at himself) Growth! Phoebe: Fine, I'll give you her number. Joey: Ok, thank you. And I promise you I will not forget this one. (he starts writing on his hand) Mandy. Phoebe: SARAH! Joey: Saraaah. Ross: (entering) Hey! Rachel: Hi! Ross: Hey you guys, I need some fashion advice. Rachel: Oh! Ross: (he takes a baby blue beret out of a shopping box and puts it on) How does this look? Rachel: Well, it's a little low... pick up a little... (Ross picks it up) a little bit more... (he picks it up again) a little bit more... (he takes it off) There you go! (pause) Now throw it away! Ross: C'mon! This looks good! Rachel: Ross, please, trust me. I buy 30 fashion magazines a month. Now, I don't know who's running for president or who that... NATO guy is, but I do know that you have to get as far away as you can from that hat. Ross: Damnit! I have this date tomorrow night and I have to look cool! Phoebe: Well, you know, if you want fashion help, Rachel and I are going shopping tomorrow. You're more than welcome to come with us, right? Ross: Really? That would be great. I mean, I have to do something, she kinda teased me about how I dress.  Joey: I can see why, nice shirt! Ross: You're wearing the same shirt. Joey: Stupid Gap on every corner!  [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are entering with a man.]  Agency guy: Please, make yourself comfortable and I will back in a moment with Erica. Monica: Ok, thank you.(the man leaves) Uh, well this is it. Are you OK? Chandler: Yeah. Just weird, you know. It's like: "Hi, I'm Chandler. May I have the human growing inside you?" Monica: Uh, we're gonna be great. Chandler: You're gonna be great. Monica: Well... obviously! Agency guy: (he enters with Erica) Monica, Chandler. I'd like you to meet Erica. Monica: Hi. It is so, so nice to meet you. Erica: (whispering) Hi... Chandler: Thank you so much for agreeing to see us. Erica: Hi. Agency guy: I'll let you get acquainted. Chandler: Ok. Erica: So, it's Monica and Chandler. I only know you as file 0W33815-D. Chandler: That's what our friends call us. Erica: Gosh, you know, you're just such an amazing couple. It's... kind of intimidating. Monica: I don't know about that. Erica: You're kidding me? I mean, it's enough that you are a doctor. But on top of it, you're married to a reverend? Chandler: (astonished) I don't think that's exactly... Monica: (overlapping) Let her finish, doctor.   [Scene: Central Perk]  Phoebe: Hey! Joey: Hey. Phoebe: Oh, my friend Sarah had a great time last night. Joey: Well... Phoebe: Yeah! So you're gonna call this one back? Joey: Nope. Phoebe: What are you talking about? Sarah's great! Joey: Oh, really? You know what your great friend did? We're out to dinner, ok? (he starts talking about the date and we can see what happened through a flashback video) We're getting along, having a really nice time. I was thinking she was really cool. And then, out of nowhere...  (Sarah picks up some fries from Joey’s plate and Joey looks very angry. Then we’re back to Central Perk and Joey does a you-see-what-I-mean look to Phoebe) Phoebe: That’s it? That’s why you won’t go out with her again? So, she took some fries, big deal! Joey: Hey, hey, look! It’s not about a few fries... it’s about what the fries represent. Phoebe: What? Joey: ALL FOOD! Phoebe: I’m sorry, I can’t believe I set you up with such a MONSTER! Joey: Hey, hey, hey, hey. Look. I take a girl out, she can order whatever she wants! The more, the better! All right? Just don’t order a Garden salad and then eat my food! That’s a good way to lose some fingers! (Rachel enters from the main door) Phoebe: (to Rachel) Oh Rachel: Hi Phoebe: Thank God you’re here. Listen to this! Rachel: what? Phoebe: Joey and my friend were out last night and having dinner and she reaches over and takes a few of his fries... Rachel: Oh! Oh, no! (Joey looks satisfied) Phoebe: What? You know about the plate thing? Rachel: Oh, yeah. Joey doesn’t share food. I mean, just last week we were having breakfast and he had a couple of grapes on his plate and ... Phoebe: (to Joey) You wouldn’t let her have a grape? Rachel: Oh no! Not me! Emma! (Phoebe looks horrified and she turns to watch Joey) Joey: (mad and pointing a finger to himself) JOEY DOESN’T SHARE FOOD! Phoebe: Well, I still think that it’s a stupid reason not to call someone again. You are calling her! And if you need to, just get an extra plate of fries for the table! Joey: (he thinks a little, considering the option and seems to be quite satisfied) I like that! A sharing buffer! Yeah! I’ll order some extra fries! Maybe a plate of onion rings. Yeah. And a shrimp cocktail. And some buffalo wings. Maybe an individual pizza, uh? And some mozzarella sticks. (he looks absorbed in his food thoughts) What were we talking about? [Scene: A clothes store. Ross and Phoebe are shopping]  Phoebe: (to Ross) This place is awesome! Ross: You know, we should just go, I’m not gonna find anything here! This stuff is ridiculous!  (Rachel arrives with a lot of clothes) Rachel: Ah, this place is great! Phoebe: Wow! Ross: Rach, come on, I’m not gonna wear any of this! (he picks up a shirt) Nothing silver. (Rachel sighs). Ok? Nothing with hair! (Rachel sighs again) And nothing with padlocks on it! (Rachel heaves a long disappointing sigh). Rachel: Ross, look, I know that some of this stuff is out there, but I mean, come on, look at this, look at this sweater! (she picks up a blue sweater). I mean, this is just beautiful! Ross: (feeling the fabric) Wow, this is really soft (he looks the price). Three hundred and fifty dollars? Rachel: Yeah, down from seven hundred, you are saving like two hundred bucks! Ross: Both logic and math are taking a serious hit today. Phoebe (walking to Ross carrying a black leather jacket): Hey, check this out! It’s totally you! Ross: Wow! Phoebe: Yeah! (Ross wears the jackets and look at himself in the mirror) Ross: Actually this looks like pretty good! Yeah!(he turns and watches his back and there’s a sign on the back of the jacket, “boys will be boys”) Boys will be boys? Phoebe: What? They will be! Ross: All right, that’s it, I’m getting out of here. Rachel: No, no, no, no! Ross, wait! Come on! You know, there’s other stuff. Here’s a nice shirt, look at these nice pants... Ross: Uh, actually these might look pretty good on me. Rachel: Yes, they will! You know what you should do? Just go take a walk, all right? I know your size and I’m... I’m gonna pick up some really good stuff for you. Ross: Really? Rachel: Yes! And I know what looks sexy on guys. Please, just wear what I suggest, and she’s gonna go nuts for you. Ross: So, you’re saying, uh, if I wear these pants I might be getting into hers? Rachel: (to Phoebe) Why do men keep talking to me like this?   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are still talking with Erica.] Chandler: So, the fact that I am a doctor, and my wife’s a reverend, that’s important to you? Erica: Yeah, I read some great applications, but then I thought “who better then a minister to raise a child!” Monica: Amen. Chandler: Plus I thought the baby would be in good hands with a doctor! Monica: Uh, good hands. (she holds Chandler hands) Healing hands. Erica: Reverend, can I ask? Does the bible say anything about adoption? Monica: It says “Do it!”. And behold she did adopt onto them a baby. And it was good. Erica: Wow. Chandler: Yeah, wow. Erica: I was wondering you both have such serious jobs. (to Monica) Would you have time to take care of a baby and your flock? Monica: Oh, you know, my flock is good, I mean, yeah, my flock pretty much takes care of themselves at this point. Good flock. Flock, flock, flock. Erica: (to Chandler) Being a doctor must take up a lot of time. Chandler: No-ot for me it doesn’t. (The agency guy enters the room) Agency guy: So, how’s everything going in here? Erica: We’re great, I think I may have asked all my questions. Agency guy: Do you have any question for Erica? Chandler: Yeah, actually. So, you read a file that you liked and you gave the agency the serial number and they contacted us? Agency guy: Yes, our system assures total anonimity. We’re very proud of it. Chandler: You should be. You’re really on top of stuff.. Agency guy: (to Erica) Well, then if there’s nothing else, then the two of us should talk. Erica: Actually, I don’t think we have to. Monica: We don’t? Erica: Yeah, when I read about you two, I was pretty sure I wanted you, but I just thought we should meet face to face. (to the agency guy). I've made my decision. I choose them. Monica: Oh my God, this is great! This is so great! (to Chandler, who looks bewildered). Did you hear that? Chandler: Yeah, I did. Monica: (to Erica) Hey, thank you. Thank you so much. (they hugs). You are SO going to Heaven!  [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel and Phoebe walk in, loaded with bags.]  Rachel: We got some really great stuff! Phoebe: Yeah, yeah but I am not sure about some of the bra's I got. Rachel: Oh! Really? Do you wanna try some of them on for me?  Phoebe: Oh! okay. Wait, are we in Joey's imagination? Rachel: (looking into one of her shopping bags) Oh no! I took one of Ross' bags by     mistake, and one of mine is missing. Phoebe: oh, well, Ross probably has it, you can get it from him later.    [Scene: Ross walks into Central Perk, wearing a pink and white ladies shirt. Joey is on the couch]   Ross: (to Joey) So? What do you think? (Shows himself - Joey observes him with a strange look on his face.) Joey: I think were not wearing the same shirt anymore!! Ross: (not getting it) Yeah! Yeah! Rachel picked it out for me. She told me to trust her and you know what? I'm glad I did! I turned quite a few heads on my way over here. Joey: (now laughing a little) Dude, I really don't think you should be wearing that. Ross: Oh, I see, somebody is afraid of a little competition with the ladies? Joey: (looking a little agitated now) Looks like someone IS the ladies!! Ross: You're just jealous because you couldn't pull this off. Yeah, now if you'll excuse me (getting up and taking his coat) I have a date. (As he is walking out, everyone turns and stares at him) See? (To Joey) ALL eyes on ME!    [Scene: Monica and Chandler's hotel room. They enter.] Chandler: We are NOT signing those papers. Monica: Why not? Chandler: It's wrong. They made a mistake. They think we're somebody else. Monica: God works in mysterious ways. Chandler: You have gotta stop! Monica: But she liked us. Chandler: She likes Doctor Chandler and Reverend Monica. Monica: Well, if you think about it, I am kind of like a Reverend. I mean, as a chef, I serve God, by feeing the hungry and poor. (looks very convinced about what she just said) Chandler: Your Veal Chop is $34,95! Monica: C'mon Chandler, I think we have been given an opportunity. I mean, the mistake has already been made. They are writing up the paper right now. Chandler: But we are not the one she chose! How can you feel okay about this? Monica: (very emotional) Because... We may not be who she thinks we are but no-one will ever love that baby more than us. Chandler: I know.. Monica: I mean, who knows how long it's gonna take for someone else to give us a baby? What if, what if no one ever picks us? Chandler: oh, honey.. Monica: (Almost crying) Please.. please, we are so close. Chandler: Monica, I want a baby too, but this woman is giving away her child. She deserves to know who it's going to.   Monica: (realizes Chandler is right. She's almost crying) okay, right. (They hug) Chandler: So, we'll tell the truth and who knows, maybe she'll like us for us. Monica: (sniffing) Maybe she will. Uh! Why couldn't I have been a Reverend? Chandler: You're Jewish. Monica: Technicality!   [Scene: A restaurant. Joey is on his date with Phoebe’s friend, Sarah. They are sitting opposite each other on a table for two. Their waiter approaches with two plates.] Waiter: A garden salad for the lady (sets the plate down) Joey: Oh, that looks great! Good ordering! Waiter: Seafood platter for the gentleman and extra fries. Enjoy! Sarah: Mmmh, those fries look delicious. Joey: oh, I didn't know you liked French fries. Help yourself! What's mine is yours. (Sarah reaches over and takes a few fries) Sarah: (looks over at Joey's platter) Oh wow, are those stuffed clams? Joey: Uuuh.. yes, they are my stuffed clams. (Sarah, is grinning and starts to reach over to Joey's plate to take a few clams) Joey: How about those fries though, huh? (Holds the plate between Sarah’s fingers and his plate, thus blocking her from reaching his) Sarah: They are delicious (takes a few from the plate, puts one in her mouth and places the rest on her plate, then starts to reach over to Joey's platter again) Joey: (Spotting her movements takes her hand into his own) You are beautiful, you know that? Sarah: Oh, that is so sweet.. Joey: Oh (grinning, trying to hold in his impatience with her) okay.. (she takes her hand back) (Then she reaches over again and Joey moves his plate a little to the left, and she misses, then she reaches out again, and he moves his plate to the right , so she misses again. She tries a third time and this time, Joey pushes his plate so far to the left, it drops off the edge of the table) Joey: (Visibly annoyed) NOW look what you did!! Sarah: What? what is the matter with you? Joey: I don't like it when people take food off of my plate, okay? Sarah: But you just said "What's mine is yours"? Joey: WELL, I DIDN'T MEAN IT! Sarah: Fine, I'm sorry, I didn't think it was that big a deal. Joey: I'm sorry, I'm overreacting. Okay, It's just when it comes to food, I have certain rules, okay, I mean (bends down and with his plate and his hands, scrapes the dropped dinner back onto the plate and puts it back on the table) There are things you do..and you now, things.. (takes something from the plate and blows it a little) that you don't do (He takes a bite from it).  (Sarah looks a little disgusted)   [Scene: Ross and his date walk into a lobby. They are both wearing their jackets]   Girl: Wow, this place looks great. Ross: Oh! You are gonna love it! (The girl is looking in the other direction as Ross is taking off his own coat, revealing the pink and white ladies shirt) and I'm so glad, we're finally doing this. Girl: Me too! (starts to take her coat off) Ross: Here (gets behind her to help. When the coat comes off we see she is wearing the exact same shirt Ross is wearing. They look at each other, shocked. They abruptly put their coat back on) So this was fun! (They leave the room and head into opposite directions)   [Scene: Back at the restaurant with Joey and Sarah. Joey is holding Sarah's hands] Joey: I really am sorry about, you know..before. I just want to make sure you know that I really do like you. Sarah: Sure (smiling) Just not as much as clams. Joey: (Jokingly) Well, stuffed clams. (The waiter arrives with their deserts) Waiter: Chocolate Torte for the lady, cheesecake for the gentleman. Joey: Uh, excuse me sir, there seems to be some sort of red crap on my cheesecake. Waiter: Yes, that's Raspberry coule. Joey: (More to himself than anyone else) So stupid, ordering cheesecake, trying to     be healthy. (pushes it aside) Sarah: (tasting hers) Oh my God! (Looks at the waiter and then to Joey) Joey: Oh, all right, I'll just have what she's having instead. Waiter: Oh, I'm sorry sir, that was our last piece. Sarah: Mmmm! Mmm! (Sarah's beeper starts bleeping) Sarah: Oh, no! This is work. I should call in. Can you excuse me? Joey: Oh yeah, sure. No problem. (Joey's looking at Sarah's dessert, and takes her plate.) Sarah: What are you doing? I thought you don't share food. Joey: Sure I do. (holding up his own dessert) Coule? Sarah: (laughing) No. If I can't have your clams, you can't have my dessert. This is a two way street. Joey: (laughing) Really? Sarah: Really! Now this all better be here when I come back. (puts her plate back at her side of the table) Joey: Yeah, of course. I can control myself. (laughs uneasily and Sarah leaves the room) (Joey sits sideways on his chair, looking at Sarah's chocolate torte, and then looking away from it, nervously playing with his fork, drumming with it on the table every now and then.) Joey: (to the torte) Stop staring at me! (He then straightens himself, and looks at the torte) Joey: Why, just a tiny little... (He takes a little piece of Sarah's dessert. At first he doesn't think it's that special, but then...) Joey: Oh-oh! TIME LAPSE (Sarah enters the room again, and stops when she sees her dessert is missing. Joey has emptied her plate, and has a chocolate covered mouth, just like a kid.) Joey: I'm not even sorry.   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are entering.] Erica: Hi! Adoption Agency guy: Hey. Chandler: Hey. Agency guy: So, these are the preliminary forms for an open adoption. There's a lot to go over, but I'll explain everything as we go through it. Monica: (pointing to a picture on the table) I-Is... Is that a picture? Erica: Yeah. It's a sonogram they took of the baby last week. I thought you might want to see it. (gives it to Monica, who looks at it for a long time, and then shows it to Chandler) Monica: Look, doctor! (Chandler takes Monica's hand, and gets serious) Look, before we sign anything we really have to talk...(pause) We're not who you think we are. Agency guy: I don't understand. Chandler: The agency must have made some mistake. My wife is not a reverend and I'm not a doctor. Erica: What? Agency guy: That's impossible. Chandler: I could perform an operation on you and prove it if you'd like. Agency guy: I'll go check your file. Excuse me. Erica: So who are you? Chandler: Well, our names really are Monica and Chandler. We're from New York. Monica: Yeah, but the important thing to know about us, is how much we would care for this little baby. (holds up the sonogram) Erica: So you lied to me before? Monica: Well, we... (makes quotation signs in the air) "bore false witness"... See I could be a reverend. Erica: I can't believe this.  Monica: But we were hoping that since we told you the truth that you still might consider... Erica: Giving you my baby? You think I'd give you my child after this? Monica: Well, you don't have to decide right now, but if you could just look at our file... Erica: I don't want to look at your file! This is over. (She leaves the room, but Chandler runs after her. They meet in the hallway.) Chandler: Erica wait! Erica: I've nothing to say to you. (walks a few paces) Chandler: You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again. Erica: Why don't you ask the reverend to pray on it? Chandler: Erica, please. Just consider us. Ask them to see our file. Our last name's Bing. My wife's a chef and I'm in advertising. Erica: Oh yeah. I actually liked you guys. But it doesn't matter, because what you did was wrong. (walks away again, but Chandler catches up with her again) Chandler: But you did like us. And you should. My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this but the woman's always right... I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I... It kills me that I can't give her a baby... I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife... she's already there. She's a mother... without a baby... Please? (They look at each other. We switch back to Monica. Chandler opens the door and she turns to look at him.) Chandler: You still want that baby? (Monica plays those words back in her mind and then smiles and runs to Chandler, who is twisting with joy. They hug.) Monica: God bless you Chandler Bing! COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene: Central Perk. Joey's on the couch when Ross walks to him, with his jacket closed.] Ross: Turns out this sweater is made for a woman. Joey: (nods) So, why are you still wearing it? Ross: Because it's soft... Hey, so how was your date? Joey: Ooh... Not so good. Ross: Well, looks like it's just the two of us tonight, huh old buddy? Joey: Yeah, and you know what? We could do a lot worse. (they shake hands the way friends would. There's a muffin on the table, and Ross breaks off a piece and wants to put it in his mouth.) Joey: (shouting to Ross) JOEY DOESN'T SHARE FOOD! (Ross puts the piece back on the plate) end     
Joey: I can't believe it. When you guys come back, you're gonna have a baby! That is so weird!
Joey: But just think, ok? What if everything goes right? What if this woman does pick you guys?
Joey: I'm gonna say someone I'm gonna have sex with. (the girl leaves and Phoebe goes toward the couch) (to Phoebe) Hey!
Joey: So... who's your friend?
Joey: OW, why, why, why?
Joey: Oh, name one friend of yours that I did that with.
Joey: Mandy, uh? Uh... really hot blonde, big boobs?
Joey: I know why I don't remember her, huh? (he winks at Rachel)
Joey: Ok, I may not have treated your friends well in the past, but I have grown up a lot, really. Honest, Rach?
Joey: (pointing at himself) Growth!
Joey: Ok, thank you. And I promise you I will not forget this one. (he starts writing on his hand) Mandy.
Joey: Saraaah.
Joey: I can see why, nice shirt!
Joey: Stupid Gap on every corner! 
 Phoebe: Hey! Joey: Hey. Phoebe: Oh, my friend Sarah had a great time last night. Joey: Well... Phoebe: Yeah! So you're gonna call this one back? Joey: Nope. Phoebe: What are you talking about? Sarah's great! Joey: Oh, really? You know what your great friend did? We're out to dinner, ok? (he starts talking about the date and we can see what happened through a flashback video) We're getting along, having a really nice time. I was thinking she was really cool. And then, out of nowhere...  (Sarah picks up some fries from Joey’s plate and Joey looks very angry. Then we’re back to Central Perk and Joey does a you-see-what-I-mean look to Phoebe) Phoebe: That’s it? That’s why you won’t go out with her again? So, she took some fries, big deal! Joey: Hey, hey, look! It’s not about a few fries... it’s about what the fries represent. Phoebe: What? Joey: ALL FOOD! Phoebe: I’m sorry, I can’t believe I set you up with such a MONSTER! Joey: Hey, hey, hey, hey. Look. I take a girl out, she can order whatever she wants! The more, the better! All right? Just don’t order a Garden salad and then eat my food! That’s a good way to lose some fingers! (Rachel enters from the main door) Phoebe: (to Rachel) Oh Rachel: Hi Phoebe: Thank God you’re here. Listen to this! Rachel: what? Phoebe: Joey and my friend were out last night and having dinner and she reaches over and takes a few of his fries... Rachel: Oh! Oh, no! (Joey looks satisfied) Phoebe: What? You know about the plate thing? Rachel: Oh, yeah. Joey doesn’t share food. I mean, just last week we were having breakfast and he had a couple of grapes on his plate and ... Phoebe: (to Joey) You wouldn’t let her have a grape? Rachel: Oh no! Not me! Emma! (Phoebe looks horrified and she turns to watch Joey) Joey: (mad and pointing a finger to himself) JOEY DOESN’T SHARE FOOD! Phoebe: Well, I still think that it’s a stupid reason not to call someone again. You are calling her! And if you need to, just get an extra plate of fries for the table! Joey: (he thinks a little, considering the option and seems to be quite satisfied) I like that! A sharing buffer! Yeah! I’ll order some extra fries! Maybe a plate of onion rings. Yeah. And a shrimp cocktail. And some buffalo wings. Maybe an individual pizza, uh? And some mozzarella sticks. (he looks absorbed in his food thoughts) What were we talking about? [Scene: A clothes store. Ross and Phoebe are shopping]  Phoebe: (to Ross) This place is awesome! Ross: You know, we should just go, I’m not gonna find anything here! This stuff is ridiculous!  (Rachel arrives with a lot of clothes) Rachel: Ah, this place is great! Phoebe: Wow! Ross: Rach, come on, I’m not gonna wear any of this! (he picks up a shirt) Nothing silver. (Rachel sighs). Ok? Nothing with hair! (Rachel sighs again) And nothing with padlocks on it! (Rachel heaves a long disappointing sigh). Rachel: Ross, look, I know that some of this stuff is out there, but I mean, come on, look at this, look at this sweater! (she picks up a blue sweater). I mean, this is just beautiful! Ross: (feeling the fabric) Wow, this is really soft (he looks the price). Three hundred and fifty dollars? Rachel: Yeah, down from seven hundred, you are saving like two hundred bucks! Ross: Both logic and math are taking a serious hit today. Phoebe (walking to Ross carrying a black leather jacket): Hey, check this out! It’s totally you! Ross: Wow! Phoebe: Yeah! (Ross wears the jackets and look at himself in the mirror) Ross: Actually this looks like pretty good! Yeah!(he turns and watches his back and there’s a sign on the back of the jacket, “boys will be boys”) Boys will be boys? Phoebe: What? They will be! Ross: All right, that’s it, I’m getting out of here. Rachel: No, no, no, no! Ross, wait! Come on! You know, there’s other stuff. Here’s a nice shirt, look at these nice pants... Ross: Uh, actually these might look pretty good on me. Rachel: Yes, they will! You know what you should do? Just go take a walk, all right? I know your size and I’m... I’m gonna pick up some really good stuff for you. Ross: Really? Rachel: Yes! And I know what looks sexy on guys. Please, just wear what I suggest, and she’s gonna go nuts for you. Ross: So, you’re saying, uh, if I wear these pants I might be getting into hers? Rachel: (to Phoebe) Why do men keep talking to me like this?   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are still talking with Erica.] Chandler: So, the fact that I am a doctor, and my wife’s a reverend, that’s important to you? Erica: Yeah, I read some great applications, but then I thought “who better then a minister to raise a child!” Monica: Amen. Chandler: Plus I thought the baby would be in good hands with a doctor! Monica: Uh, good hands. (she holds Chandler hands) Healing hands. Erica: Reverend, can I ask? Does the bible say anything about adoption? Monica: It says “Do it!”. And behold she did adopt onto them a baby. And it was good. Erica: Wow. Chandler: Yeah, wow. Erica: I was wondering you both have such serious jobs. (to Monica) Would you have time to take care of a baby and your flock? Monica: Oh, you know, my flock is good, I mean, yeah, my flock pretty much takes care of themselves at this point. Good flock. Flock, flock, flock. Erica: (to Chandler) Being a doctor must take up a lot of time. Chandler: No-ot for me it doesn’t. (The agency guy enters the room) Agency guy: So, how’s everything going in here? Erica: We’re great, I think I may have asked all my questions. Agency guy: Do you have any question for Erica? Chandler: Yeah, actually. So, you read a file that you liked and you gave the agency the serial number and they contacted us? Agency guy: Yes, our system assures total anonimity. We’re very proud of it. Chandler: You should be. You’re really on top of stuff.. Agency guy: (to Erica) Well, then if there’s nothing else, then the two of us should talk. Erica: Actually, I don’t think we have to. Monica: We don’t? Erica: Yeah, when I read about you two, I was pretty sure I wanted you, but I just thought we should meet face to face. (to the agency guy). I've made my decision. I choose them. Monica: Oh my God, this is great! This is so great! (to Chandler, who looks bewildered). Did you hear that? Chandler: Yeah, I did. Monica: (to Erica) Hey, thank you. Thank you so much. (they hugs). You are SO going to Heaven!  [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel and Phoebe walk in, loaded with bags.]  Rachel: We got some really great stuff! Phoebe: Yeah, yeah but I am not sure about some of the bra's I got. Rachel: Oh! Really? Do you wanna try some of them on for me?  Phoebe: Oh! okay. Wait, are we in Joey's imagination? Rachel: (looking into one of her shopping bags) Oh no! I took one of Ross' bags by     mistake, and one of mine is missing. Phoebe: oh, well, Ross probably has it, you can get it from him later.    [Scene: Ross walks into Central Perk, wearing a pink and white ladies shirt. Joey is on the couch]   Ross: (to Joey) So? What do you think? (Shows himself - Joey observes him with a strange look on his face.) Joey: I think were not wearing the same shirt anymore!! Ross: (not getting it) Yeah! Yeah! Rachel picked it out for me. She told me to trust her and you know what? I'm glad I did! I turned quite a few heads on my way over here. Joey: (now laughing a little) Dude, I really don't think you should be wearing that. Ross: Oh, I see, somebody is afraid of a little competition with the ladies? Joey: (looking a little agitated now) Looks like someone IS the ladies!! Ross: You're just jealous because you couldn't pull this off. Yeah, now if you'll excuse me (getting up and taking his coat) I have a date. (As he is walking out, everyone turns and stares at him) See? (To Joey) ALL eyes on ME!    [Scene: Monica and Chandler's hotel room. They enter.] Chandler: We are NOT signing those papers. Monica: Why not? Chandler: It's wrong. They made a mistake. They think we're somebody else. Monica: God works in mysterious ways. Chandler: You have gotta stop! Monica: But she liked us. Chandler: She likes Doctor Chandler and Reverend Monica. Monica: Well, if you think about it, I am kind of like a Reverend. I mean, as a chef, I serve God, by feeing the hungry and poor. (looks very convinced about what she just said) Chandler: Your Veal Chop is $34,95! Monica: C'mon Chandler, I think we have been given an opportunity. I mean, the mistake has already been made. They are writing up the paper right now. Chandler: But we are not the one she chose! How can you feel okay about this? Monica: (very emotional) Because... We may not be who she thinks we are but no-one will ever love that baby more than us. Chandler: I know.. Monica: I mean, who knows how long it's gonna take for someone else to give us a baby? What if, what if no one ever picks us? Chandler: oh, honey.. Monica: (Almost crying) Please.. please, we are so close. Chandler: Monica, I want a baby too, but this woman is giving away her child. She deserves to know who it's going to.   Monica: (realizes Chandler is right. She's almost crying) okay, right. (They hug) Chandler: So, we'll tell the truth and who knows, maybe she'll like us for us. Monica: (sniffing) Maybe she will. Uh! Why couldn't I have been a Reverend? Chandler: You're Jewish. Monica: Technicality!   [Scene: A restaurant. Joey is on his date with Phoebe’s friend, Sarah. They are sitting opposite each other on a table for two. Their waiter approaches with two plates.] Waiter: A garden salad for the lady (sets the plate down) Joey: Oh, that looks great! Good ordering! Waiter: Seafood platter for the gentleman and extra fries. Enjoy! Sarah: Mmmh, those fries look delicious. Joey: oh, I didn't know you liked French fries. Help yourself! What's mine is yours. (Sarah reaches over and takes a few fries) Sarah: (looks over at Joey's platter) Oh wow, are those stuffed clams? Joey: Uuuh.. yes, they are my stuffed clams. (Sarah, is grinning and starts to reach over to Joey's plate to take a few clams) Joey: How about those fries though, huh? (Holds the plate between Sarah’s fingers and his plate, thus blocking her from reaching his) Sarah: They are delicious (takes a few from the plate, puts one in her mouth and places the rest on her plate, then starts to reach over to Joey's platter again) Joey: (Spotting her movements takes her hand into his own) You are beautiful, you know that? Sarah: Oh, that is so sweet.. Joey: Oh (grinning, trying to hold in his impatience with her) okay.. (she takes her hand back) (Then she reaches over again and Joey moves his plate a little to the left, and she misses, then she reaches out again, and he moves his plate to the right , so she misses again. She tries a third time and this time, Joey pushes his plate so far to the left, it drops off the edge of the table) Joey: (Visibly annoyed) NOW look what you did!! Sarah: What? what is the matter with you? Joey: I don't like it when people take food off of my plate, okay? Sarah: But you just said "What's mine is yours"? Joey: WELL, I DIDN'T MEAN IT! Sarah: Fine, I'm sorry, I didn't think it was that big a deal. Joey: I'm sorry, I'm overreacting. Okay, It's just when it comes to food, I have certain rules, okay, I mean (bends down and with his plate and his hands, scrapes the dropped dinner back onto the plate and puts it back on the table) There are things you do..and you now, things.. (takes something from the plate and blows it a little) that you don't do (He takes a bite from it).  (Sarah looks a little disgusted)   [Scene: Ross and his date walk into a lobby. They are both wearing their jackets]   Girl: Wow, this place looks great. Ross: Oh! You are gonna love it! (The girl is looking in the other direction as Ross is taking off his own coat, revealing the pink and white ladies shirt) and I'm so glad, we're finally doing this. Girl: Me too! (starts to take her coat off) Ross: Here (gets behind her to help. When the coat comes off we see she is wearing the exact same shirt Ross is wearing. They look at each other, shocked. They abruptly put their coat back on) So this was fun! (They leave the room and head into opposite directions)   [Scene: Back at the restaurant with Joey and Sarah. Joey is holding Sarah's hands] Joey: I really am sorry about, you know..before. I just want to make sure you know that I really do like you. Sarah: Sure (smiling) Just not as much as clams. Joey: (Jokingly) Well, stuffed clams. (The waiter arrives with their deserts) Waiter: Chocolate Torte for the lady, cheesecake for the gentleman. Joey: Uh, excuse me sir, there seems to be some sort of red crap on my cheesecake. Waiter: Yes, that's Raspberry coule. Joey: (More to himself than anyone else) So stupid, ordering cheesecake, trying to     be healthy. (pushes it aside) Sarah: (tasting hers) Oh my God! (Looks at the waiter and then to Joey) Joey: Oh, all right, I'll just have what she's having instead. Waiter: Oh, I'm sorry sir, that was our last piece. Sarah: Mmmm! Mmm! (Sarah's beeper starts bleeping) Sarah: Oh, no! This is work. I should call in. Can you excuse me? Joey: Oh yeah, sure. No problem. (Joey's looking at Sarah's dessert, and takes her plate.) Sarah: What are you doing? I thought you don't share food. Joey: Sure I do. (holding up his own dessert) Coule? Sarah: (laughing) No. If I can't have your clams, you can't have my dessert. This is a two way street. Joey: (laughing) Really? Sarah: Really! Now this all better be here when I come back. (puts her plate back at her side of the table) Joey: Yeah, of course. I can control myself. (laughs uneasily and Sarah leaves the room) (Joey sits sideways on his chair, looking at Sarah's chocolate torte, and then looking away from it, nervously playing with his fork, drumming with it on the table every now and then.) Joey: (to the torte) Stop staring at me! (He then straightens himself, and looks at the torte) Joey: Why, just a tiny little... (He takes a little piece of Sarah's dessert. At first he doesn't think it's that special, but then...) Joey: Oh-oh! TIME LAPSE (Sarah enters the room again, and stops when she sees her dessert is missing. Joey has emptied her plate, and has a chocolate covered mouth, just like a kid.) Joey: I'm not even sorry.   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are entering.] Erica: Hi! Adoption Agency guy: Hey. Chandler: Hey. Agency guy: So, these are the preliminary forms for an open adoption. There's a lot to go over, but I'll explain everything as we go through it. Monica: (pointing to a picture on the table) I-Is... Is that a picture? Erica: Yeah. It's a sonogram they took of the baby last week. I thought you might want to see it. (gives it to Monica, who looks at it for a long time, and then shows it to Chandler) Monica: Look, doctor! (Chandler takes Monica's hand, and gets serious) Look, before we sign anything we really have to talk...(pause) We're not who you think we are. Agency guy: I don't understand. Chandler: The agency must have made some mistake. My wife is not a reverend and I'm not a doctor. Erica: What? Agency guy: That's impossible. Chandler: I could perform an operation on you and prove it if you'd like. Agency guy: I'll go check your file. Excuse me. Erica: So who are you? Chandler: Well, our names really are Monica and Chandler. We're from New York. Monica: Yeah, but the important thing to know about us, is how much we would care for this little baby. (holds up the sonogram) Erica: So you lied to me before? Monica: Well, we... (makes quotation signs in the air) "bore false witness"... See I could be a reverend. Erica: I can't believe this.  Monica: But we were hoping that since we told you the truth that you still might consider... Erica: Giving you my baby? You think I'd give you my child after this? Monica: Well, you don't have to decide right now, but if you could just look at our file... Erica: I don't want to look at your file! This is over. (She leaves the room, but Chandler runs after her. They meet in the hallway.) Chandler: Erica wait! Erica: I've nothing to say to you. (walks a few paces) Chandler: You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again. Erica: Why don't you ask the reverend to pray on it? Chandler: Erica, please. Just consider us. Ask them to see our file. Our last name's Bing. My wife's a chef and I'm in advertising. Erica: Oh yeah. I actually liked you guys. But it doesn't matter, because what you did was wrong. (walks away again, but Chandler catches up with her again) Chandler: But you did like us. And you should. My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this but the woman's always right... I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I... It kills me that I can't give her a baby... I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife... she's already there. She's a mother... without a baby... Please? (They look at each other. We switch back to Monica. Chandler opens the door and she turns to look at him.) Chandler: You still want that baby? (Monica plays those words back in her mind and then smiles and runs to Chandler, who is twisting with joy. They hug.) Monica: God bless you Chandler Bing! COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene: Central Perk. Joey's on the couch when Ross walks to him, with his jacket closed.] Ross: Turns out this sweater is made for a woman. Joey: (nods) So, why are you still wearing it? Ross: Because it's soft... Hey, so how was your date? Joey: Ooh... Not so good. Ross: Well, looks like it's just the two of us tonight, huh old buddy? Joey: Yeah, and you know what? We could do a lot worse. (they shake hands the way friends would. There's a muffin on the table, and Ross breaks off a piece and wants to put it in his mouth.) Joey: (shouting to Ross) JOEY DOESN'T SHARE FOOD! (Ross puts the piece back on the plate) end     
Joey: Hey.
Joey: Well...
Joey: Nope.
Joey: Oh, really? You know what your great friend did? We're out to dinner, ok? (he starts talking about the date and we can see what happened through a flashback video) We're getting along, having a really nice time. I was thinking she was really cool. And then, out of nowhere... 
Joey: Hey, hey, look! It’s not about a few fries... it’s about what the fries represent.
Joey: ALL FOOD!
Joey: Hey, hey, hey, hey. Look. I take a girl out, she can order whatever she wants! The more, the better! All right? Just don’t order a Garden salad and then eat my food! That’s a good way to lose some fingers!
Joey: (mad and pointing a finger to himself) JOEY DOESN’T SHARE FOOD!
Joey: (he thinks a little, considering the option and seems to be quite satisfied) I like that! A sharing buffer! Yeah! I’ll order some extra fries! Maybe a plate of onion rings. Yeah. And a shrimp cocktail. And some buffalo wings. Maybe an individual pizza, uh? And some mozzarella sticks. (he looks absorbed in his food thoughts) What were we talking about?
 Phoebe: (to Ross) This place is awesome! Ross: You know, we should just go, I’m not gonna find anything here! This stuff is ridiculous!  (Rachel arrives with a lot of clothes) Rachel: Ah, this place is great! Phoebe: Wow! Ross: Rach, come on, I’m not gonna wear any of this! (he picks up a shirt) Nothing silver. (Rachel sighs). Ok? Nothing with hair! (Rachel sighs again) And nothing with padlocks on it! (Rachel heaves a long disappointing sigh). Rachel: Ross, look, I know that some of this stuff is out there, but I mean, come on, look at this, look at this sweater! (she picks up a blue sweater). I mean, this is just beautiful! Ross: (feeling the fabric) Wow, this is really soft (he looks the price). Three hundred and fifty dollars? Rachel: Yeah, down from seven hundred, you are saving like two hundred bucks! Ross: Both logic and math are taking a serious hit today. Phoebe (walking to Ross carrying a black leather jacket): Hey, check this out! It’s totally you! Ross: Wow! Phoebe: Yeah! (Ross wears the jackets and look at himself in the mirror) Ross: Actually this looks like pretty good! Yeah!(he turns and watches his back and there’s a sign on the back of the jacket, “boys will be boys”) Boys will be boys? Phoebe: What? They will be! Ross: All right, that’s it, I’m getting out of here. Rachel: No, no, no, no! Ross, wait! Come on! You know, there’s other stuff. Here’s a nice shirt, look at these nice pants... Ross: Uh, actually these might look pretty good on me. Rachel: Yes, they will! You know what you should do? Just go take a walk, all right? I know your size and I’m... I’m gonna pick up some really good stuff for you. Ross: Really? Rachel: Yes! And I know what looks sexy on guys. Please, just wear what I suggest, and she’s gonna go nuts for you. Ross: So, you’re saying, uh, if I wear these pants I might be getting into hers? Rachel: (to Phoebe) Why do men keep talking to me like this?   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are still talking with Erica.] Chandler: So, the fact that I am a doctor, and my wife’s a reverend, that’s important to you? Erica: Yeah, I read some great applications, but then I thought “who better then a minister to raise a child!” Monica: Amen. Chandler: Plus I thought the baby would be in good hands with a doctor! Monica: Uh, good hands. (she holds Chandler hands) Healing hands. Erica: Reverend, can I ask? Does the bible say anything about adoption? Monica: It says “Do it!”. And behold she did adopt onto them a baby. And it was good. Erica: Wow. Chandler: Yeah, wow. Erica: I was wondering you both have such serious jobs. (to Monica) Would you have time to take care of a baby and your flock? Monica: Oh, you know, my flock is good, I mean, yeah, my flock pretty much takes care of themselves at this point. Good flock. Flock, flock, flock. Erica: (to Chandler) Being a doctor must take up a lot of time. Chandler: No-ot for me it doesn’t. (The agency guy enters the room) Agency guy: So, how’s everything going in here? Erica: We’re great, I think I may have asked all my questions. Agency guy: Do you have any question for Erica? Chandler: Yeah, actually. So, you read a file that you liked and you gave the agency the serial number and they contacted us? Agency guy: Yes, our system assures total anonimity. We’re very proud of it. Chandler: You should be. You’re really on top of stuff.. Agency guy: (to Erica) Well, then if there’s nothing else, then the two of us should talk. Erica: Actually, I don’t think we have to. Monica: We don’t? Erica: Yeah, when I read about you two, I was pretty sure I wanted you, but I just thought we should meet face to face. (to the agency guy). I've made my decision. I choose them. Monica: Oh my God, this is great! This is so great! (to Chandler, who looks bewildered). Did you hear that? Chandler: Yeah, I did. Monica: (to Erica) Hey, thank you. Thank you so much. (they hugs). You are SO going to Heaven!  [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel and Phoebe walk in, loaded with bags.]  Rachel: We got some really great stuff! Phoebe: Yeah, yeah but I am not sure about some of the bra's I got. Rachel: Oh! Really? Do you wanna try some of them on for me?  Phoebe: Oh! okay. Wait, are we in Joey's imagination? Rachel: (looking into one of her shopping bags) Oh no! I took one of Ross' bags by     mistake, and one of mine is missing. Phoebe: oh, well, Ross probably has it, you can get it from him later.    [Scene: Ross walks into Central Perk, wearing a pink and white ladies shirt. Joey is on the couch]   Ross: (to Joey) So? What do you think? (Shows himself - Joey observes him with a strange look on his face.) Joey: I think were not wearing the same shirt anymore!! Ross: (not getting it) Yeah! Yeah! Rachel picked it out for me. She told me to trust her and you know what? I'm glad I did! I turned quite a few heads on my way over here. Joey: (now laughing a little) Dude, I really don't think you should be wearing that. Ross: Oh, I see, somebody is afraid of a little competition with the ladies? Joey: (looking a little agitated now) Looks like someone IS the ladies!! Ross: You're just jealous because you couldn't pull this off. Yeah, now if you'll excuse me (getting up and taking his coat) I have a date. (As he is walking out, everyone turns and stares at him) See? (To Joey) ALL eyes on ME!    [Scene: Monica and Chandler's hotel room. They enter.] Chandler: We are NOT signing those papers. Monica: Why not? Chandler: It's wrong. They made a mistake. They think we're somebody else. Monica: God works in mysterious ways. Chandler: You have gotta stop! Monica: But she liked us. Chandler: She likes Doctor Chandler and Reverend Monica. Monica: Well, if you think about it, I am kind of like a Reverend. I mean, as a chef, I serve God, by feeing the hungry and poor. (looks very convinced about what she just said) Chandler: Your Veal Chop is $34,95! Monica: C'mon Chandler, I think we have been given an opportunity. I mean, the mistake has already been made. They are writing up the paper right now. Chandler: But we are not the one she chose! How can you feel okay about this? Monica: (very emotional) Because... We may not be who she thinks we are but no-one will ever love that baby more than us. Chandler: I know.. Monica: I mean, who knows how long it's gonna take for someone else to give us a baby? What if, what if no one ever picks us? Chandler: oh, honey.. Monica: (Almost crying) Please.. please, we are so close. Chandler: Monica, I want a baby too, but this woman is giving away her child. She deserves to know who it's going to.   Monica: (realizes Chandler is right. She's almost crying) okay, right. (They hug) Chandler: So, we'll tell the truth and who knows, maybe she'll like us for us. Monica: (sniffing) Maybe she will. Uh! Why couldn't I have been a Reverend? Chandler: You're Jewish. Monica: Technicality!   [Scene: A restaurant. Joey is on his date with Phoebe’s friend, Sarah. They are sitting opposite each other on a table for two. Their waiter approaches with two plates.] Waiter: A garden salad for the lady (sets the plate down) Joey: Oh, that looks great! Good ordering! Waiter: Seafood platter for the gentleman and extra fries. Enjoy! Sarah: Mmmh, those fries look delicious. Joey: oh, I didn't know you liked French fries. Help yourself! What's mine is yours. (Sarah reaches over and takes a few fries) Sarah: (looks over at Joey's platter) Oh wow, are those stuffed clams? Joey: Uuuh.. yes, they are my stuffed clams. (Sarah, is grinning and starts to reach over to Joey's plate to take a few clams) Joey: How about those fries though, huh? (Holds the plate between Sarah’s fingers and his plate, thus blocking her from reaching his) Sarah: They are delicious (takes a few from the plate, puts one in her mouth and places the rest on her plate, then starts to reach over to Joey's platter again) Joey: (Spotting her movements takes her hand into his own) You are beautiful, you know that? Sarah: Oh, that is so sweet.. Joey: Oh (grinning, trying to hold in his impatience with her) okay.. (she takes her hand back) (Then she reaches over again and Joey moves his plate a little to the left, and she misses, then she reaches out again, and he moves his plate to the right , so she misses again. She tries a third time and this time, Joey pushes his plate so far to the left, it drops off the edge of the table) Joey: (Visibly annoyed) NOW look what you did!! Sarah: What? what is the matter with you? Joey: I don't like it when people take food off of my plate, okay? Sarah: But you just said "What's mine is yours"? Joey: WELL, I DIDN'T MEAN IT! Sarah: Fine, I'm sorry, I didn't think it was that big a deal. Joey: I'm sorry, I'm overreacting. Okay, It's just when it comes to food, I have certain rules, okay, I mean (bends down and with his plate and his hands, scrapes the dropped dinner back onto the plate and puts it back on the table) There are things you do..and you now, things.. (takes something from the plate and blows it a little) that you don't do (He takes a bite from it).  (Sarah looks a little disgusted)   [Scene: Ross and his date walk into a lobby. They are both wearing their jackets]   Girl: Wow, this place looks great. Ross: Oh! You are gonna love it! (The girl is looking in the other direction as Ross is taking off his own coat, revealing the pink and white ladies shirt) and I'm so glad, we're finally doing this. Girl: Me too! (starts to take her coat off) Ross: Here (gets behind her to help. When the coat comes off we see she is wearing the exact same shirt Ross is wearing. They look at each other, shocked. They abruptly put their coat back on) So this was fun! (They leave the room and head into opposite directions)   [Scene: Back at the restaurant with Joey and Sarah. Joey is holding Sarah's hands] Joey: I really am sorry about, you know..before. I just want to make sure you know that I really do like you. Sarah: Sure (smiling) Just not as much as clams. Joey: (Jokingly) Well, stuffed clams. (The waiter arrives with their deserts) Waiter: Chocolate Torte for the lady, cheesecake for the gentleman. Joey: Uh, excuse me sir, there seems to be some sort of red crap on my cheesecake. Waiter: Yes, that's Raspberry coule. Joey: (More to himself than anyone else) So stupid, ordering cheesecake, trying to     be healthy. (pushes it aside) Sarah: (tasting hers) Oh my God! (Looks at the waiter and then to Joey) Joey: Oh, all right, I'll just have what she's having instead. Waiter: Oh, I'm sorry sir, that was our last piece. Sarah: Mmmm! Mmm! (Sarah's beeper starts bleeping) Sarah: Oh, no! This is work. I should call in. Can you excuse me? Joey: Oh yeah, sure. No problem. (Joey's looking at Sarah's dessert, and takes her plate.) Sarah: What are you doing? I thought you don't share food. Joey: Sure I do. (holding up his own dessert) Coule? Sarah: (laughing) No. If I can't have your clams, you can't have my dessert. This is a two way street. Joey: (laughing) Really? Sarah: Really! Now this all better be here when I come back. (puts her plate back at her side of the table) Joey: Yeah, of course. I can control myself. (laughs uneasily and Sarah leaves the room) (Joey sits sideways on his chair, looking at Sarah's chocolate torte, and then looking away from it, nervously playing with his fork, drumming with it on the table every now and then.) Joey: (to the torte) Stop staring at me! (He then straightens himself, and looks at the torte) Joey: Why, just a tiny little... (He takes a little piece of Sarah's dessert. At first he doesn't think it's that special, but then...) Joey: Oh-oh! TIME LAPSE (Sarah enters the room again, and stops when she sees her dessert is missing. Joey has emptied her plate, and has a chocolate covered mouth, just like a kid.) Joey: I'm not even sorry.   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are entering.] Erica: Hi! Adoption Agency guy: Hey. Chandler: Hey. Agency guy: So, these are the preliminary forms for an open adoption. There's a lot to go over, but I'll explain everything as we go through it. Monica: (pointing to a picture on the table) I-Is... Is that a picture? Erica: Yeah. It's a sonogram they took of the baby last week. I thought you might want to see it. (gives it to Monica, who looks at it for a long time, and then shows it to Chandler) Monica: Look, doctor! (Chandler takes Monica's hand, and gets serious) Look, before we sign anything we really have to talk...(pause) We're not who you think we are. Agency guy: I don't understand. Chandler: The agency must have made some mistake. My wife is not a reverend and I'm not a doctor. Erica: What? Agency guy: That's impossible. Chandler: I could perform an operation on you and prove it if you'd like. Agency guy: I'll go check your file. Excuse me. Erica: So who are you? Chandler: Well, our names really are Monica and Chandler. We're from New York. Monica: Yeah, but the important thing to know about us, is how much we would care for this little baby. (holds up the sonogram) Erica: So you lied to me before? Monica: Well, we... (makes quotation signs in the air) "bore false witness"... See I could be a reverend. Erica: I can't believe this.  Monica: But we were hoping that since we told you the truth that you still might consider... Erica: Giving you my baby? You think I'd give you my child after this? Monica: Well, you don't have to decide right now, but if you could just look at our file... Erica: I don't want to look at your file! This is over. (She leaves the room, but Chandler runs after her. They meet in the hallway.) Chandler: Erica wait! Erica: I've nothing to say to you. (walks a few paces) Chandler: You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again. Erica: Why don't you ask the reverend to pray on it? Chandler: Erica, please. Just consider us. Ask them to see our file. Our last name's Bing. My wife's a chef and I'm in advertising. Erica: Oh yeah. I actually liked you guys. But it doesn't matter, because what you did was wrong. (walks away again, but Chandler catches up with her again) Chandler: But you did like us. And you should. My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this but the woman's always right... I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I... It kills me that I can't give her a baby... I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife... she's already there. She's a mother... without a baby... Please? (They look at each other. We switch back to Monica. Chandler opens the door and she turns to look at him.) Chandler: You still want that baby? (Monica plays those words back in her mind and then smiles and runs to Chandler, who is twisting with joy. They hug.) Monica: God bless you Chandler Bing! COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene: Central Perk. Joey's on the couch when Ross walks to him, with his jacket closed.] Ross: Turns out this sweater is made for a woman. Joey: (nods) So, why are you still wearing it? Ross: Because it's soft... Hey, so how was your date? Joey: Ooh... Not so good. Ross: Well, looks like it's just the two of us tonight, huh old buddy? Joey: Yeah, and you know what? We could do a lot worse. (they shake hands the way friends would. There's a muffin on the table, and Ross breaks off a piece and wants to put it in his mouth.) Joey: (shouting to Ross) JOEY DOESN'T SHARE FOOD! (Ross puts the piece back on the plate) end     
  [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are still talking with Erica.] Chandler: So, the fact that I am a doctor, and my wife’s a reverend, that’s important to you? Erica: Yeah, I read some great applications, but then I thought “who better then a minister to raise a child!” Monica: Amen. Chandler: Plus I thought the baby would be in good hands with a doctor! Monica: Uh, good hands. (she holds Chandler hands) Healing hands. Erica: Reverend, can I ask? Does the bible say anything about adoption? Monica: It says “Do it!”. And behold she did adopt onto them a baby. And it was good. Erica: Wow. Chandler: Yeah, wow. Erica: I was wondering you both have such serious jobs. (to Monica) Would you have time to take care of a baby and your flock? Monica: Oh, you know, my flock is good, I mean, yeah, my flock pretty much takes care of themselves at this point. Good flock. Flock, flock, flock. Erica: (to Chandler) Being a doctor must take up a lot of time. Chandler: No-ot for me it doesn’t. (The agency guy enters the room) Agency guy: So, how’s everything going in here? Erica: We’re great, I think I may have asked all my questions. Agency guy: Do you have any question for Erica? Chandler: Yeah, actually. So, you read a file that you liked and you gave the agency the serial number and they contacted us? Agency guy: Yes, our system assures total anonimity. We’re very proud of it. Chandler: You should be. You’re really on top of stuff.. Agency guy: (to Erica) Well, then if there’s nothing else, then the two of us should talk. Erica: Actually, I don’t think we have to. Monica: We don’t? Erica: Yeah, when I read about you two, I was pretty sure I wanted you, but I just thought we should meet face to face. (to the agency guy). I've made my decision. I choose them. Monica: Oh my God, this is great! This is so great! (to Chandler, who looks bewildered). Did you hear that? Chandler: Yeah, I did. Monica: (to Erica) Hey, thank you. Thank you so much. (they hugs). You are SO going to Heaven!  [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel and Phoebe walk in, loaded with bags.]  Rachel: We got some really great stuff! Phoebe: Yeah, yeah but I am not sure about some of the bra's I got. Rachel: Oh! Really? Do you wanna try some of them on for me?  Phoebe: Oh! okay. Wait, are we in Joey's imagination? Rachel: (looking into one of her shopping bags) Oh no! I took one of Ross' bags by     mistake, and one of mine is missing. Phoebe: oh, well, Ross probably has it, you can get it from him later.    [Scene: Ross walks into Central Perk, wearing a pink and white ladies shirt. Joey is on the couch]   Ross: (to Joey) So? What do you think? (Shows himself - Joey observes him with a strange look on his face.) Joey: I think were not wearing the same shirt anymore!! Ross: (not getting it) Yeah! Yeah! Rachel picked it out for me. She told me to trust her and you know what? I'm glad I did! I turned quite a few heads on my way over here. Joey: (now laughing a little) Dude, I really don't think you should be wearing that. Ross: Oh, I see, somebody is afraid of a little competition with the ladies? Joey: (looking a little agitated now) Looks like someone IS the ladies!! Ross: You're just jealous because you couldn't pull this off. Yeah, now if you'll excuse me (getting up and taking his coat) I have a date. (As he is walking out, everyone turns and stares at him) See? (To Joey) ALL eyes on ME!    [Scene: Monica and Chandler's hotel room. They enter.] Chandler: We are NOT signing those papers. Monica: Why not? Chandler: It's wrong. They made a mistake. They think we're somebody else. Monica: God works in mysterious ways. Chandler: You have gotta stop! Monica: But she liked us. Chandler: She likes Doctor Chandler and Reverend Monica. Monica: Well, if you think about it, I am kind of like a Reverend. I mean, as a chef, I serve God, by feeing the hungry and poor. (looks very convinced about what she just said) Chandler: Your Veal Chop is $34,95! Monica: C'mon Chandler, I think we have been given an opportunity. I mean, the mistake has already been made. They are writing up the paper right now. Chandler: But we are not the one she chose! How can you feel okay about this? Monica: (very emotional) Because... We may not be who she thinks we are but no-one will ever love that baby more than us. Chandler: I know.. Monica: I mean, who knows how long it's gonna take for someone else to give us a baby? What if, what if no one ever picks us? Chandler: oh, honey.. Monica: (Almost crying) Please.. please, we are so close. Chandler: Monica, I want a baby too, but this woman is giving away her child. She deserves to know who it's going to.   Monica: (realizes Chandler is right. She's almost crying) okay, right. (They hug) Chandler: So, we'll tell the truth and who knows, maybe she'll like us for us. Monica: (sniffing) Maybe she will. Uh! Why couldn't I have been a Reverend? Chandler: You're Jewish. Monica: Technicality!   [Scene: A restaurant. Joey is on his date with Phoebe’s friend, Sarah. They are sitting opposite each other on a table for two. Their waiter approaches with two plates.] Waiter: A garden salad for the lady (sets the plate down) Joey: Oh, that looks great! Good ordering! Waiter: Seafood platter for the gentleman and extra fries. Enjoy! Sarah: Mmmh, those fries look delicious. Joey: oh, I didn't know you liked French fries. Help yourself! What's mine is yours. (Sarah reaches over and takes a few fries) Sarah: (looks over at Joey's platter) Oh wow, are those stuffed clams? Joey: Uuuh.. yes, they are my stuffed clams. (Sarah, is grinning and starts to reach over to Joey's plate to take a few clams) Joey: How about those fries though, huh? (Holds the plate between Sarah’s fingers and his plate, thus blocking her from reaching his) Sarah: They are delicious (takes a few from the plate, puts one in her mouth and places the rest on her plate, then starts to reach over to Joey's platter again) Joey: (Spotting her movements takes her hand into his own) You are beautiful, you know that? Sarah: Oh, that is so sweet.. Joey: Oh (grinning, trying to hold in his impatience with her) okay.. (she takes her hand back) (Then she reaches over again and Joey moves his plate a little to the left, and she misses, then she reaches out again, and he moves his plate to the right , so she misses again. She tries a third time and this time, Joey pushes his plate so far to the left, it drops off the edge of the table) Joey: (Visibly annoyed) NOW look what you did!! Sarah: What? what is the matter with you? Joey: I don't like it when people take food off of my plate, okay? Sarah: But you just said "What's mine is yours"? Joey: WELL, I DIDN'T MEAN IT! Sarah: Fine, I'm sorry, I didn't think it was that big a deal. Joey: I'm sorry, I'm overreacting. Okay, It's just when it comes to food, I have certain rules, okay, I mean (bends down and with his plate and his hands, scrapes the dropped dinner back onto the plate and puts it back on the table) There are things you do..and you now, things.. (takes something from the plate and blows it a little) that you don't do (He takes a bite from it).  (Sarah looks a little disgusted)   [Scene: Ross and his date walk into a lobby. They are both wearing their jackets]   Girl: Wow, this place looks great. Ross: Oh! You are gonna love it! (The girl is looking in the other direction as Ross is taking off his own coat, revealing the pink and white ladies shirt) and I'm so glad, we're finally doing this. Girl: Me too! (starts to take her coat off) Ross: Here (gets behind her to help. When the coat comes off we see she is wearing the exact same shirt Ross is wearing. They look at each other, shocked. They abruptly put their coat back on) So this was fun! (They leave the room and head into opposite directions)   [Scene: Back at the restaurant with Joey and Sarah. Joey is holding Sarah's hands] Joey: I really am sorry about, you know..before. I just want to make sure you know that I really do like you. Sarah: Sure (smiling) Just not as much as clams. Joey: (Jokingly) Well, stuffed clams. (The waiter arrives with their deserts) Waiter: Chocolate Torte for the lady, cheesecake for the gentleman. Joey: Uh, excuse me sir, there seems to be some sort of red crap on my cheesecake. Waiter: Yes, that's Raspberry coule. Joey: (More to himself than anyone else) So stupid, ordering cheesecake, trying to     be healthy. (pushes it aside) Sarah: (tasting hers) Oh my God! (Looks at the waiter and then to Joey) Joey: Oh, all right, I'll just have what she's having instead. Waiter: Oh, I'm sorry sir, that was our last piece. Sarah: Mmmm! Mmm! (Sarah's beeper starts bleeping) Sarah: Oh, no! This is work. I should call in. Can you excuse me? Joey: Oh yeah, sure. No problem. (Joey's looking at Sarah's dessert, and takes her plate.) Sarah: What are you doing? I thought you don't share food. Joey: Sure I do. (holding up his own dessert) Coule? Sarah: (laughing) No. If I can't have your clams, you can't have my dessert. This is a two way street. Joey: (laughing) Really? Sarah: Really! Now this all better be here when I come back. (puts her plate back at her side of the table) Joey: Yeah, of course. I can control myself. (laughs uneasily and Sarah leaves the room) (Joey sits sideways on his chair, looking at Sarah's chocolate torte, and then looking away from it, nervously playing with his fork, drumming with it on the table every now and then.) Joey: (to the torte) Stop staring at me! (He then straightens himself, and looks at the torte) Joey: Why, just a tiny little... (He takes a little piece of Sarah's dessert. At first he doesn't think it's that special, but then...) Joey: Oh-oh! TIME LAPSE (Sarah enters the room again, and stops when she sees her dessert is missing. Joey has emptied her plate, and has a chocolate covered mouth, just like a kid.) Joey: I'm not even sorry.   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are entering.] Erica: Hi! Adoption Agency guy: Hey. Chandler: Hey. Agency guy: So, these are the preliminary forms for an open adoption. There's a lot to go over, but I'll explain everything as we go through it. Monica: (pointing to a picture on the table) I-Is... Is that a picture? Erica: Yeah. It's a sonogram they took of the baby last week. I thought you might want to see it. (gives it to Monica, who looks at it for a long time, and then shows it to Chandler) Monica: Look, doctor! (Chandler takes Monica's hand, and gets serious) Look, before we sign anything we really have to talk...(pause) We're not who you think we are. Agency guy: I don't understand. Chandler: The agency must have made some mistake. My wife is not a reverend and I'm not a doctor. Erica: What? Agency guy: That's impossible. Chandler: I could perform an operation on you and prove it if you'd like. Agency guy: I'll go check your file. Excuse me. Erica: So who are you? Chandler: Well, our names really are Monica and Chandler. We're from New York. Monica: Yeah, but the important thing to know about us, is how much we would care for this little baby. (holds up the sonogram) Erica: So you lied to me before? Monica: Well, we... (makes quotation signs in the air) "bore false witness"... See I could be a reverend. Erica: I can't believe this.  Monica: But we were hoping that since we told you the truth that you still might consider... Erica: Giving you my baby? You think I'd give you my child after this? Monica: Well, you don't have to decide right now, but if you could just look at our file... Erica: I don't want to look at your file! This is over. (She leaves the room, but Chandler runs after her. They meet in the hallway.) Chandler: Erica wait! Erica: I've nothing to say to you. (walks a few paces) Chandler: You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again. Erica: Why don't you ask the reverend to pray on it? Chandler: Erica, please. Just consider us. Ask them to see our file. Our last name's Bing. My wife's a chef and I'm in advertising. Erica: Oh yeah. I actually liked you guys. But it doesn't matter, because what you did was wrong. (walks away again, but Chandler catches up with her again) Chandler: But you did like us. And you should. My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this but the woman's always right... I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I... It kills me that I can't give her a baby... I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife... she's already there. She's a mother... without a baby... Please? (They look at each other. We switch back to Monica. Chandler opens the door and she turns to look at him.) Chandler: You still want that baby? (Monica plays those words back in her mind and then smiles and runs to Chandler, who is twisting with joy. They hug.) Monica: God bless you Chandler Bing! COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene: Central Perk. Joey's on the couch when Ross walks to him, with his jacket closed.] Ross: Turns out this sweater is made for a woman. Joey: (nods) So, why are you still wearing it? Ross: Because it's soft... Hey, so how was your date? Joey: Ooh... Not so good. Ross: Well, looks like it's just the two of us tonight, huh old buddy? Joey: Yeah, and you know what? We could do a lot worse. (they shake hands the way friends would. There's a muffin on the table, and Ross breaks off a piece and wants to put it in his mouth.) Joey: (shouting to Ross) JOEY DOESN'T SHARE FOOD! (Ross puts the piece back on the plate) end     
Joey: I think were not wearing the same shirt anymore!!
Joey: (now laughing a little) Dude, I really don't think you should be wearing that.
Joey: (looking a little agitated now) Looks like someone IS the ladies!!
Joey: Oh, that looks great! Good ordering!
Joey: oh, I didn't know you liked French fries. Help yourself! What's mine is yours. (Sarah reaches over and takes a few fries)
Joey: Uuuh.. yes, they are my stuffed clams.
Joey: How about those fries though, huh? (Holds the plate between Sarah’s fingers and his plate, thus blocking her from reaching his)
Joey: (Spotting her movements takes her hand into his own) You are beautiful, you know that?
Joey: Oh (grinning, trying to hold in his impatience with her) okay.. (she takes her hand back)
Joey: (Visibly annoyed) NOW look what you did!!
Joey: I don't like it when people take food off of my plate, okay?
Joey: WELL, I DIDN'T MEAN IT!
Joey: I'm sorry, I'm overreacting. Okay, It's just when it comes to food, I have certain rules, okay, I mean (bends down and with his plate and his hands, scrapes the dropped dinner back onto the plate and puts it back on the table) There are things you do..and you now, things.. (takes something from the plate and blows it a little) that you don't do (He takes a bite from it). 
Joey: I really am sorry about, you know..before. I just want to make sure you know that I really do like you.
Joey: (Jokingly) Well, stuffed clams.
Joey: Uh, excuse me sir, there seems to be some sort of red crap on my cheesecake.
Joey: (More to himself than anyone else) So stupid, ordering cheesecake, trying to     be healthy. (pushes it aside)
Joey: Oh, all right, I'll just have what she's having instead.
Joey: Oh yeah, sure. No problem.
Joey: Sure I do. (holding up his own dessert) Coule?
Joey: (laughing) Really?
Joey: Yeah, of course. I can control myself. (laughs uneasily and Sarah leaves the room)
Joey: (to the torte) Stop staring at me!
Joey: Why, just a tiny little...
Joey: Oh-oh!
Joey: I'm not even sorry.
Joey: (nods) So, why are you still wearing it?
Joey: Ooh... Not so good.
Joey: Yeah, and you know what? We could do a lot worse.
Joey: (shouting to Ross) JOEY DOESN'T SHARE FOOD!
Teleplay by: Tracy Reilly    Written by: Andrew Reich &amp; Ted Cohen     Produced by: Robert Carlock &amp; Wendy Knoller   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa [Flashback scene from last week, Monica and Chandler's kitchen,    Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler are there.] Jennifer: Previously on Friends... Chandler: How did the job stuff go? Rachel: He offered me one. Ross: (gasps) You know what? This calls for a bottle of Israels finest. Rachel: The job is in Paris. (we see Ross stare in disbelief)  FADE OUT Rachel: Oh, God! Please, somebody  say something. Ross: So if you take this job you'll be moving to Paris? Chandler: Or facing a bitch of a commute. Rachel: I know, it's huge, and it's scary, and it's... really far, far away    from you guys, but this is such an incredible opportunity for me. And I've already    talked to them about our situation with Emma, and they said they'll do whatever    we need to make us feel comfortable. Ross: Okay. Rachel: I mean, I'll fly back and forth, they'll fly you out...    Anything we want. Chandler: My boss said I might be getting a new lamp in my cubicle. (Monica    looks at him and can't really place what he just said) Ross: All right, we'll work it out. Rachel: Thank you! Thank you! Ross: Yeah, yeah! (they hug) You sure this is what you want? Rachel: I think it is. (Ross looks very sad. Phoebe    and Joey enter.) Phoebe: Ooh, what's going on? Rachel: I got a really incredible job offer. Joey: Hey, great! All right! Phoebe: Good for you! Rachel: It's in Paris. Joey: What? No, no, no! No, no... no... no, no... No, too much is changing,    okay? First, Phoebe getting married (to Phoebe) Congratulations! (pointing to    Monica and Chandler)... and then these two move into a stupid house in the stupid    suburbs... Monica: Hey, this afternoon you said you'd be supportive... Joey: Well, it comes and goes. I wouldn't trust it. Rachel: Look, you guys... this is really, really important to me. And it means    a lot if you could try to get on board. Phoebe: Of course we can. Congratulations. (they hug, but Joey shakes his head.)    Yay! (she gestures Joey to come and join in) Joey... Joey: No, no, no. My hugs are reserved for people STAYING IN AMERICA. Rachel: (walking towards Joey) Joey, it would mean so... Joey: Hey! No! Get your France-going-arms away from me. (He walks out, and    Rachel follows him) Rachel: Joey... Phoebe: You okay with this? Chandler: Well, it makes me feel sad, but... Phoebe: Talking to Ross. Chandler: I see. Ross: Well, Rachel moving to another country? Not being able to see her every    day. How can I be okay with this? Monica: I know, but what are we gonna do? She really needs this job. Ross: Do you think if the Ralph Lauren people offered her her old job back,    she would take it? Monica: How is that gonna happen? Chandler: Is this the best way to use one of your three magic wishes? Ross: I don't know. I could talk to her boss. Yeah! I met him at that Christmas    party. We really hit it off. Monica: You mean the guy who kept calling you Ron? Ross: I didn't say we were brothers.    OPENING CREDITS  [Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe's reading a newspaper. Chandler    and Monica walk in.] Monica: Hey Phoebe. Hey, tell me what you think. All right. The house next    door to the one that we're buying in Westchester? Just went on the market. I wanna    take a look at it, but Chandler doesn't. Chandler: We close escrow tomorrow, so seeing another house can only confuse    us, and we're easily confused. We're not very bright. Monica: But what if it is better than ours? Should we at least look? Chandler: What do you think Pheebs? Phoebe: Well, I think that shirt makes you look like you should work at a Baskin    Robbins... Anyway... Hey, isn't Joey's agent Estelle Leonard? Chandler: Yeah. Phoebe: She died. Chandler: You're kidding! Monica: That's terrible! Phoebe: Yeah, last Saturday. Wow! She was the first black man to fly solo across    the Atlantic. (Chandler and Monica look puzzled) Oh, wait a minute, I read the    wrong one. Chandler: Oh yeah?  Phoebe: Yeah, she was just an agent. Monica: Joey's gonna be *so* upset.  Chandler: I know. *He* always wanted to be the first black man to cross the    Atlantic. Phoebe: Well, we cannot tell Joey about this. He's already flipping out about    everything that's changing. This will push him over the edge. Monica: Seriously, you don't think we should tell him? Phoebe: Well, not for a little while. Let's just give him a few days to get    used to everything else. Monica: What if he reads it in the paper? Chandler: Unless Snoopy says it to Charlie Brown, I think we're okay.  [Scene: Ralph Lauren. Mr Zelner's office. Ross knocks on the    door and enters.] Mr Zelner: May I help you? Ross: Yeah, I'm a friend of Rachel Green's. Uhm, actually we met at the Christmas    party about two years ago. Mr Zelner: Oh right, uhm, Don? Ross: Close. Ron. (shakes hands) Mr Zelner: Uh... What can I do for you? Ross: Uhm, well... I'm here to see if you'll give Rachel her job back. Mr Zelner: Ah, did she ask you to come here and do this? Ross: Oh, no. At first I have to get you to agree. Then we'll    see if she wants to come back. Mr Zelner: Wow, that is tempting.  Ross: Look, she loved her job here. And let's face    it: you're not gonna find anyone who did it as well as she did it. Isn't that    true? Mr Zelner: She is good! Ross: (surprised) Huh, I took a shot there. Mr Zelner: But I'm sorry. There's nothing I can do... Ah,    it's not true, there is... nothing I want to do. Ross: I see... Thanks very much. (he gets up and walks to the door. On his    way out he looks at the photographs Mr Zelner has near his door. He picks one    up.) Is this your son?  Mr Zelner: Yeah, his name is Ross. (Ross looks very surprised) What? Ross: Oh, nothing, it’s just, it’s close to Ron. Does he.. Does    little Ross like dinosaurs by any chance?  Mr Zelner: Yeah, they're all he talks about, why? Ross: How would he like to come with me to the Museum of Natural History after    everyone else has left, just the two of us, and he can touch anything he wants.    (Mr. Zellner looks shocked). I just heard it as you must have heard it and that’s    not good. Let me start again. I’m a paleontologist, you’ll be there    with us and the touching refers only to bones… fossils! Mr Zelner: You can really arrange that? Ross: You let Rachel come back, and it’s done.  Mr Zelner: Well, I guess having Rachel back wouldn’t be the worst thing    in the world. Ross: Yeah! Yes! Thank you! This is great. Thank you so much. And I swear,    your kid is going to have the time of his life. Mr Zelner: That’s great. I worry about little Ross. He’s always    reading, he's collecting rocks and he’s obsessed with dinosaurs. Ross: He’ll be fine.  [Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe’s reading, Joey has just entered    the room] Joey: Hey Phoebe. Phoebe: Hey. Everything ok? Joey: I’m just mad at my agent. Phoebe: Estelle? Why? Joey: There’s a part in a TV movie that I would be perfect for and I    didn’t even be put up for it! She’d better have a good reason. Phoebe: I’m guessing she does.  Joey: Well (taking his cell phone out of a pocket) I’m wanna hear it,    because she keeps doing this. Phoebe: Well, no, no, wait, wait, wait. All right, I gotta go. Just listen. Promise me, that you    will wait a minute before you call her. Joey: Ok. Why? Phoebe: Because a promise between friends means never having to give a reason.    (she leaves) Joey: I love that saying! (Phoebe is outside, taking her cell phone out of her bag and making a call.    Joey is inside, and his mobile phone starts ringing). Joey: Hello? Phoebe (doing Estelle): Joey, it’s Estelle. Joey: I was just gonna call you! That’s weird. Phoebe-Estelle: It’s a little coincidental, but believable.    (Joey nods in agreement). Listen, I’m sure you’re wondering why    I didn’t get you an audition for that TV movie. Joey: Yeah, actually I am! Phoebe-Estelle: I guess I dropped the ball there. Whoopsie!   Joey: That’s it? You know, it seems all you do lately is drop the ball. Phoebe-Estelle: Don’t take that tone with me. Who you    think you are? Alan Lemond, the first black man to fly solo across the Atlantic? Joey: No, no, look. All I’m saying is that you’re my agent, ok?    And you’re not getting me into any auditions and I’m tired of it. Phoebe-Estelle: What are you saying? Joey: I’m saying that… (pause). This isn't  working for me    anymore, ok? Estelle, you’re fired. Goodbye. (he hangs up the phone). Phoebe: Man, tough week for Estelle!   [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel’s there and Ross    enters the room with a stuffed dinosaur] Ross: Hi. Rachel: Hi. Ross: Emma left her stuffed t-rex at my house. You know she can’t sleep    without it. Rachel: Oh, well, she’s asleep now. Stop forcing that thing on her. Ross: Ok. Rachel: Oh, you’re not gonna believe what happened to me today! Ralph    Lauren called, and gave me my job back! Ross: Nooo! Rachel: Yee. I mean, it was so weirdest thing. They fired me and then out    of nowhere they just hire me back! I mean, that place must have been falling    apart without me. Ross: So, you’re not going to Paris. Rachel: No, I’m still going. Ross: Wh… wh…what? Rachel: When the Louis Vuitton people found out that Ralph Lauren wanted me back,    the offered me more money! Isn’t that great? Ross: Yeeeah! (They high-five)    [Scene: house next to the one the Bings are moving into. Chandler    and Monica knock, a lady opens the door.] Monica: Hi. We’re buying the house next door, and we were wondering if we  could just take a look around. Lady: Oh, sure. I’m showing it to someone else right now,    but please, look around. Monica: Thanks. Chandler: It feels like we’re cheating on our house.    And if we’re gonna cheat, shouldn’t it be with like a hot, younger house,    that does stuff that our house won’t do? Monica: Ours is so much better! This living room is smaller, the dining room looks    like a cave! What a hole! Lady: So? What do you think? Monica: Love it! Lady: Well, we already have one offer on it, and I think the lady    upstairs is goning to make another one. Monica: They could be our neighbors, what are they like? Lady: Oh, the woman upstairs is very nice. She and her husband have two kids,    he's on Wall Street and she… Janice: Oh my God! (Chandler and Monica are speechless). Chandler (to Monica): Sure.  [Scene: Joey’s apartment. He’s there and Phoebe comes    in.] Phoebe: Hey Joey, want come with me to… are you ok? Joey: Yeah, I just… I just feel bad about firing Estelle. This is got to be    killing her. Phoebe: No, that wouldn’t kill her. Ordinary embolism might. Joey: I don’t know. She’s got to be taking it hard, I was like    her only client. Except for this guy who eats paper. And I’m guessing    he eats more money than he makes. Look, I know she’s not a great agent, but    she did stick with me for ten years. I’m gonna call her and hire her again. Phoebe: No, no, no! Don't call her! You wait for her to call    you (Joey considers it) Joey: Why? Phoebe: Because patience is the road to understanding (she thinks) which ...    is the key... to a happy heart. Joey: (impressed) You blow me away.  Phoebe: (picking up her bag) All right, so promise you're gonna wait for her    to call you? Joey: I promise. And that means, never having to give a reason. (Phoebe stops    herself from laughing and leaves)   [Scene: The house Monica and Chandler are viewing. Janice comes    down the stairs.] Janice: What a small world! Chandler: And yet I never run into Beyonce! Realtor: You two know each other? Janice: Oh, we go way back. Before Monica made an honest man    out of him, Chandler used to be my little love muffin! (does her irritating    laugh). So? Are you guys thinking of getting this house too? Ooh! Are we gonna    have a bidding war? I'd better warn you, I'm a toughie (playfully punches Chandler,    who tries to get away from her) Chandler: (at Janice's punching) Don't, don't! (looks disgusted) Monica: No, actually, we're buying the house next door. (Janice gasps) Chandler: (To Monica and with bulging eyes) Why!? Monica: (looks confused and scared) I don't know    why. Janice: Ooh, that decides it then. I was on the fence.    But knowing that you two would be our neighbors? Ah! now we have to    get it! (Chandler and Monica are utterly shocked) Ellen, we're going to talk    numbers. (Grabs Ellen by her elbow and pulls her outside)  Chandler: This can not be happening! Monica: Okay, the realtor said another couple made an offer.    Maybe the Janice's won't get it! Maybe the other couple will. Chandler: The only way that that is going to happen, is if the other couple    are the Hitlers. Monica: (Thinks a little more) Okay, Okay, (clapping her hands)    All right. What if we got both houses? Huh? We can turn this house    into a guest house. Chandler: That is a great idea! And by the way, I don't mean to sound distasteful,    but when did you start crapping money!? Monica: Okay, you come up with an idea. Chandler: Alright alright, we still have three hours till escrow closes on    our house. We can still get out. Monica: But we love our house. Chandler: Will we love it so much with her next door? And she's gonna be louder    out here too. Just the crickets and (apes Janice's voice) "Oh My God"!   Monica: Okay, but if we don't get this house, she's stil gonna show up wherever    we go! I mean, at least if she's here, it eliminates the element of suprise.    I mean, never again will you have to hear the three words that make your balls    jump back up inside your body. (She shows this with her index finger, mimicking    it pushing something up) Chandler: (looks afraid, but at the same time, knows she's right) Well, we    have to do something. We can't have her living next door. (Janice's laughs loudly    outside) Oh, that does it too. (Motions with his index finger like Monica did)   [Scene: Mr. Zellner's office. There is a knock on the door.] r Zelner: Who is it? Ross: (enters) It's me. Ron. (Mr. Zellner looks annoyed)    Look, I um, I now Rachel turned you down but I think there is a way you might    be able to get her to come back.  Mr Zelner: This may surprise you, but re-hiring fired employees,    is not my main job. Ross: Just hear me out. How would you feel about offering her a raise? (looks    hopeful) Mr Zelner: (obviously amused) Not good, Ron.  Ross: Perhaps I can persuade you. What if you can give your son this (Takes    a huge egg out of his back) genuine pterodactyl egg (whispers) replica. Mr Zelner: (Takes a long look at the egg while he considers it) Wow, that's    pretty cool (Takes the egg from Ross) Ross: Huh? So? We have a deal? Mr Zelner: Okay, you got it. Ross: Yes! yes!  Mr Zelner: This is gonna make me very popular. Ross: Oh, (grins) Believe me, the ladies, they love it! Mr Zelner: (looks at Ross, for a long moment, confused) I meant with my son. Ross: Good, 'cause the ladies, not so much. (shakes his head, give him a thumbs    up and leaves)   [Scene: Joey's apartment. He walks in reading his mail, and plays    back his messages on the answering machine] Answering machine: Joey, this is Al T. Booker, (Looks annoyed  that he called him) the guy who eats paper. I'm sure you've heard that Estelle  passed away. (Looks shocked) I wanted to let you know there's a memorial for her  at the Westside chapel, tomorrow at ten. Hope you can make it.  Joey: Oh my God. (Still in shock when his mobile rings, he picks it up) Hello? Phoebe: (on the other side of the line, still pretending to be Estelle) Joey,    it's Estelle. (Joey's eyes bulge up, he looks afraid) Joey: Estelle? Phoebe: Yeah, I wanted to call and tell you that there's no hard feelings for    firing me. Joey: (still scared) Ok-ay. I just, I can't believe you're calling me? Phoebe: Well, I didn't think I should just drop by... Joey: No, no, no! (Starts looking around the room, terrified) Don't drop by,    don't drop by! Phoebe: Anyway, you did what you had to do. I'm okay. Joey: Can I ask you something? Uhm, what's it like there? Phoebe: (Looks around) It's alright. Look kiddo, I gotta go. Good luck with    the career. You're gonna be huge. Joey: Thanks for everything Estelle. Bye. (Hangs up and reads the phone display)    "out of area". Boy, I'll say.   [Scene: The house next door to Chandler and Monica's new house.    Chandler is pacing worriedly through the living room when Janice enters.] Janice: Well... I just talked to Sid, we are definitely putting in an offer on  the house... a-a-and I'll bet we get it. Chandler: The Hitlers will be so disappointed. Janice: All right, I got to run. Tell Monica I say goodbye. And... I'll see    you later, neighbor. (Janice laugh) Chandler: Wait! I just want you to know that... I'm so happy you're going to    be here. Janice: Oh, me too... (laughs) Chandler: Because... that way... we can pick up where we left off. Janice: Huh? Chandler: I never stopped loving you. Janice: Oh... my... Chandler: Yeah, yeah, yeah! I want you... I need you... I must have you Janice    Litman Goralnik Neihosenstein. Janice: Chandler, what are you talking about? Chandler: Now that you live next door, we can be together every day. Sid and    Monica never have to know a thing. Janice: I don't know what to say... I mean, you know, obviously we have this...    heat between us. Chandler: (stunned) Obviously. Janice: But I love my husband. And I know you love your wife. Now, I don't    think we should get this house now. Chandler: Don't say that. Don't tangle the dream and take it away. Janice: Chandler, one of us has got to be strong. Chandler: I understand. Janice: Although, maybe just... one last moment of weakness... (she kisses    Chandler flat on the mouth. Chandler squirms. When she's finished, he looks    at her lovingly but uneasily.) Goodbye Chandler Bing. (She leaves) Chandler: (speaking as in pain) They're never coming down now.   [Scene: Ross's apartment. Ross is working on his laptop when    Rachel enters with Emma.] Rachel: Hi! Ross: Hey! Rachel: You are never going to believe what happened to me today. Ross: What? Rachel: Ralph Lauren called again and they offered    me more money. Ross: They did? Rachel: Yeah. It was the weirdest thing. Zelner called me and he said we'll    do everything we can to get you back. And that I should thank some Ron... I    don't even know what department that guy's in. Ross: So, what are you gonna do? Rachel: Well, I took it. Ross: That's great! So you're staying in New York! Both: YAY! WHOO! YAY! Ross: You're excited, right? Rachel: (hesitant) Ye-ah. Yeah! You know, the money's great.    It's certainly the easier choice... Ross: Right! Rachel: Yeah, you know, was I looking forward to going to    Paris? Sure. You know, was I excited about working in the fashion capital    of the world? Ooh, absolutely... Oh...! Yeah, but you know, this is... it's    fine. I'm fine going back to a job where I've pretty much gotten everything out of    that I possibly can... (she sits down, and Ross who is stunned to hear all this    follows her example) Ross: Uhm, I hadn't no you... I had no idea you were so excited about Paris.    Uhm, I mean, you said you were scared. Rachel: Well yeah, but I mean, it was good scared though, you know? Like when    I-moved-to-New-York scared. Or uhm, when I-found-out-I-was-gonna-have-Emma scared...    But this is... fine. This is gonna be good. (they both stare around) Ross: (after a long pause) You should go. Rachel: What? Ross: It's what you want. You should go. Rachel: You really think so? Ross: I really do. Rachel: But I already told Zelner that I would come back... Ross: (picks up a skull of some carnivore from his side table and puts it in    the same bag in which he brought the pterodactyl egg to Zelner) I'm sure he'll    understand. Rachel: All right. ALL RIGHT! I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna go to Paris. Ross: Yeah... Rachel: Yeah! I'm going to Paris. Thank you, Ross! Ross: Yeah, yeah, oh! (They hug) Rachel: Oh! Oh, I'm so happy. Ross: Then I'm happy too. (They're still hugging - fade out) COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene: Estelle's memorial service. Joey is giving a speech.    Next to him is a blown op photograph of Estelle behind her desk and there's    a man standing next to him.] Joey: Thank you all for coming. We're here today to pay respects    to a wonderful agent and a beautiful woman... (Joey looks at the photograph)    ..inside. As Estelle's only two clients we would like to say a few words. (Joey    looks for his notes. The man next to him is chewing something.) Dude, where's    my speech? (the man swallows something and looks at Joey.) That is    entertaining. Al Zebooker everybody. (he applauds and Al shows that there's    nothing left in his mouth.) THE END   
Joey: Hey, great! All right!
Joey: What? No, no, no! No, no... no... no, no... No, too much is changing,    okay? First, Phoebe getting married (to Phoebe) Congratulations! (pointing to    Monica and Chandler)... and then these two move into a stupid house in the stupid    suburbs...
Joey: Well, it comes and goes. I wouldn't trust it.
Joey: No, no, no. My hugs are reserved for people STAYING IN AMERICA.
Joey: Hey! No! Get your France-going-arms away from me. (He walks out, and    Rachel follows him)
Joey: Hey Phoebe.
Joey: I’m just mad at my agent.
Joey: There’s a part in a TV movie that I would be perfect for and I    didn’t even be put up for it! She’d better have a good reason.
 Joey: Well (taking his cell phone out of a pocket) I’m wanna hear it,    because she keeps doing this.
Joey: Ok. Why?
Joey: I love that saying!
Joey: Hello?
Joey: I was just gonna call you! That’s weird.
Joey: Yeah, actually I am!
Joey: That’s it? You know, it seems all you do lately is drop the ball.
Joey: No, no, look. All I’m saying is that you’re my agent, ok?    And you’re not getting me into any auditions and I’m tired of it.
Joey: I’m saying that… (pause). This isn't  working for me    anymore, ok? Estelle, you’re fired. Goodbye. (he hangs up the phone).
Joey: Yeah, I just… I just feel bad about firing Estelle. This is got to be    killing her.
Joey: I don’t know. She’s got to be taking it hard, I was like    her only client. Except for this guy who eats paper. And I’m guessing    he eats more money than he makes. Look, I know she’s not a great agent, but    she did stick with me for ten years. I’m gonna call her and hire her again.
Joey: Why?
Joey: (impressed) You blow me away. 
Joey: I promise. And that means, never having to give a reason. (Phoebe stops    herself from laughing and leaves)
Joey: Oh my God. (Still in shock when his mobile rings, he picks it up) Hello?
Joey: Estelle?
Joey: (still scared) Ok-ay. I just, I can't believe you're calling me?
Joey: No, no, no! (Starts looking around the room, terrified) Don't drop by,    don't drop by!
Joey: Can I ask you something? Uhm, what's it like there?
Joey: Thanks for everything Estelle. Bye. (Hangs up and reads the phone display)    "out of area". Boy, I'll say.
Joey: Thank you all for coming. We're here today to pay respects    to a wonderful agent and a beautiful woman... (Joey looks at the photograph)    ..inside. As Estelle's only two clients we would like to say a few words. (Joey    looks for his notes. The man next to him is chewing something.) Dude, where's    my speech? (the man swallows something and looks at Joey.) That is    entertaining. Al Zebooker everybody. (he applauds and Al shows that there's    nothing left in his mouth.)
