Monica: There's nothing to tell! He's just some guy I work with!
Monica: Okay, everybody relax. This is not even a date. It's just two people going out to dinner and- not having sex.
Monica: And they weren't looking at you before?!
Monica: Are you okay, sweetie?
Monica: (explaining to the others) Carol moved her stuff out today. 
Monica: (to Ross) Let me get you some coffee.
Monica: No you don't.
Monica: Oh really, so that hysterical phone call I got from a woman at sobbing 3:00 A.M., "I'll never have grandchildren, I'll never have grandchildren." was what?  A wrong number?
Monica: Rachel?!
Monica: (pointing at Rachel) De-caff. (to All) Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. (to Rachel) This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross? 
Monica: So you wanna tell us now, or are we waiting for four wet bridesmaids?
Monica: Who wasn't invited to the wedding.
Monica: Now I'm guessing that he bought her the big pipe organ, and she's really not happy about it. 
Monica: Well, I guess we've established who's staying here with Monica...
Monica: Just breathe, breathe.. that's it. Just try to think of nice calm things...
Monica: Okay, look, this is probably for the best, y'know? Independence. Taking control of your life.  The whole, 'hat' thing.
Monica: Joey, stop hitting on her! It's her wedding day!
Monica: Oh God, is it 6:30?  Buzz him in!
Monica: Maybe. Joey: Wait. Your 'not a real date' tonight is with Paul the Wine Guy?
Monica: Yes!
Monica: Rach, wait, I can cancel...
Monica: (to Ross) Are, are you okay? I mean, do you want me to stay?
Monica: (horrified) Really?
Monica: Hi, come in! Paul, this is.. (They are all lined up next to the door.)... everybody, everybody, this is Paul.
Monica: Okay, umm-umm, I'll just--I'll be right back, I just gotta go ah, go ah...
Monica: Change!  Okay, sit down. (Shows Paul in) Two seconds.
Monica: (yelling from the bedroom) Shut up, Joey!
Monica: Oh my God!
Monica: My brother's going through that right now, he's such a mess. How did you get through it?
Monica: -leg?
Monica: You actually broke her watch?  Wow!  The worst thing I ever did was, I-I shredded by boyfriend's favorite bath towel.
Monica: That's right. [Scene: Monica's Apartment, Rachel is talking on the phone and pacing.]
Monica: What?..... What, you wanna spell it out with noodles?
Monica: Oh, so there is gonna be a fifth date?
Monica: Yeah... yeah, I think there is. -What were you gonna say?
Monica: (spitting out her drink in shock) Oh God, oh God, I am sorry... I am so sorry...
Monica: I know being spit on is probably not what you need right now. Um... how long?
Monica: Wow! I'm-I'm-I'm glad you smashed her watch! 
Monica: (pause)...Yeah. Yeah, I do.
Monica: (entering, to herself) Oh good, Lenny and Squigy are here.
Monica: Stop!
Monica: We'll talk later.
Monica: Shut up, and put my table back.
Monica: Yeah, we all have jobs. See, that's how we buy stuff.
Monica: Oh wait, wait, unless you happened to catch the Reruns' production of Pinocchio, at the little theater in the park.
Monica: So how you doing today? Did you sleep okay? Talk to Barry? I can't stop smiling.
Monica: I know, he's just so, so... Do you remember you and Tony DeMarco?
Monica: Well, it's like that. With feelings.
Monica: Big time!
Monica: I think we are getting a little ahead of selves here. Okay. Okay. I am just going to get up, go to work and not think about him all day. Or else I'm just gonna get up and go to work.
Monica: What for?
Monica: Hey Frannie, welcome back! How was Florida? 
Monica: How do you do that?
Monica: You know Paul? 
Monica: You mean you know Paul like I know Paul? 
Monica: Why?! Why? Why, why would anybody do something like that? 
Monica: I hate men!  I hate men!
Monica: Is it me? Is it like I have some sort of beacon that only dogs and men with severe emotional problems can hear? 
Monica: I just thought he was nice, y'know? 
Monica: How'd you pay for them? 
Monica: And who pays for that? 
Monica: C'mon, you can't live off your parents your whole life. 
Monica: All right, you ready?
Monica: You can, I know you can! 
Monica:  Rachel!  That was a library card! 
Monica: Welcome to the real world! It sucks. You're gonna love it! 
Monica: Well, that's it (To Ross) You gonna crash on the couch? 
Monica: You be okay? 
Monica: That's Paul's watch. You just put it back where you found it. Oh boy. Alright. Goodnight, everybody. 
Monica: See ya.... Waitwait, what's with you? 
Monica: What? I-I said you had a- 
Monica: (to Phoebe) Would you stop? 
Monica: I said that you had a nice butt, it's just not a great butt.
Monica: What you guys don't understand is, for us, kissing is as important as any part of it. 
Monica: Absolutely. 
Monica: (taking a drink from Joey) Are you through with that? 
Monica: Whose little ball of paper is this?! 
Monica: Look , I'm sorry, guys, I just don't wanna give them any more ammunition than they already have. 
Monica: That's because as far as my parents are concerned, Ross can do no wrong. Y'see, he's the Prince. Apparently they had some big ceremony before I was born. 
Monica: What? 
Monica: Easy Rach, we'll find it. (To all) Won't we! 
Monica: You didn't. 
Monica: I gave you one job! (Starts to examin the lasagne through the bottom of the glass pan.) 
Monica: (puts down the lasagne) I just... can't do it. 
Monica: Wow. That is not a happy hi. 
Monica: W-w-wh-... wha-... w-w-w-... 
Monica: What does she mean by 'involved'? 
Monica: Curry. 
Monica: I'm sorry, why is this girl going to call me? 
Monica: No Mom, I don't have a restaurant, I work in a restaurant. 
Monica: Ross, could you come and help me with the spaghetti, please? 
Monica: I know this is going to sound unbelievably selfish, but, were you planning on bringing up the whole baby/lesbian thing? Because I think it might take some of the heat off me. 
Monica: What's that supposed to mean? 
Monica: No it's not. 
Monica: (trying desperately to change the subject) So, Ross, what's going on with you? Any stories? (Digs her elbow into his hand.) No news, no little anecdotes to share with the folks? 
Monica: Boy, I know they say you can't change your parents,... boy, if you could- (To Ross) -I'd want yours. 
Monica: Chandler, you're an only child, right? You don't have any of this. 
Monica: (welling up) Mm-hmm. 
Monica: No. 
Monica: Am not! 
Monica: (pushes him and starts to cry) Oh shut up! 
Monica: Uh, no. Loosely translated 'We should do this again' means 'You will never see me naked'. 
Monica: Uh, Ross. 
Monica: No, no, no. They say it's the same as the distance from the tip of a guy's thumb to the tip of his index finger. 
Monica: What did they do to you? 
Monica: We're with you. We got it. 
Monica: (puling him up) Hey. Whaddya doing? 
Monica: Alright. I'm gonna go change, I've got a date. 
Monica: 'S'going pretty good, y'know? It's nice, and, we're having fun. 
Monica: Let's see, today's Monday... Never. 
Monica: No. Not after what happened with Steve. 
Monica: Look, I don't even know how I feel about him yet. Just give me a chance to figure that out. 
Monica: Nope. Schhorry. 
Monica: I mean, why should I let them meet him? I mean, I bring a guy home, and within five minutes they're all over him. I mean, they're like- coyotes, picking off the weak members of the herd. 
Monica: I know. I just wish that once, I'd bring a guy home that they actually liked. 
Monica: Do you all promise? 
Monica: (shouts to Chandler) Chandler? Do you promise to be good? 
Monica: Hey. It's him. (On the intercom) Who is it? 
Monica: (to all) Okay, please be good, please. Just remember how much you all like me. 
Monica: Hi. Alan, this is everybody. Everybody, this is Alan. 
Monica: (to Alan) Thanks. I'll call you tomorrow. (Alan exits, to all) Okay. Okay, let's let the Alan-bashing begin. Who's gonna take the first shot, hmm? 
Monica: C'mon! 
Monica: Wait a minute! We're talking about someone that I'm going out with? 
Monica: Really! 
Monica: Hi.. how was the game? 
Monica: Fantastic! I have one question: How is that possible? 
Monica: Can I ask you guys a question? D'you ever think that Alan is maybe.. sometimes.. 
Monica: ..I dunno, a little too Alan? 
Monica: Oh, why is it unfair? 
Monica: Did you ever go out with a guy your friends all really like? 
Monica: Okay.. Well, I'm going out with a guy my friends all really like. 
Monica: Can you believe it? ...Y'know what? I just don't feel the thing. I mean, they feel the thing, I don't feel the thing. 
Monica: I know.. it's gonna be really hard. 
Monica: No, he'll be fine. It's the other five I'm worried about. 
Monica: (entering) Hey. Where's Joey? 
Monica: Thanks. (Goes to fetch him.) 
Monica: Nothing. I just think it's nice when we're all here together. 
Monica: (turns off the TV) Okay.. 
Monica: Please, guys, we have to talk. 
Monica: Alright, we have to talk. 
Monica: Okay. It's-it's about Alan. There's something that you should know. I mean, there's really no easy way to say this.. uh.. I've decided to break up with Alan. 
Monica: No, nononono.. it's just.. things change. People change. 
Monica: Look, I- I could go on pretending- 
Monica: -but that wouldn't be fair to me, it wouldn't be fair to Alan- It wouldn't be fair to you! 
Monica: I'm sorry.. 
Monica: I'll meet somone else. There'll be other Alans. 
Monica: Are you guys gonna be okay? 
Monica: (dubious) I understand. 
Monica: I'm, I'm really sorry. 
Monica: Relieved? 
Monica: (entering) Hi. 
Monica: Oh, y'know.. 
Monica: He said he's really gonna miss you guys. (dubious look) 
Monica: Alright. Phoebe? 
Monica: Hey, Joey, what would you do if you were omnipotent? 
Monica: ..Excuse me? 
Monica: How does she do that? 
Monica: Would you look at her? She is so peaceful. 
Monica: What's going on with you? 
Monica: Well, if you want, you can stay with Rachel and me tonight. 
Monica: Oh, I was hoping you wouldn't remember. 
Monica: Wow, you worked in a mine? 
Monica: Yeah, yeah. 
Monica: (to Phoebe) I swear I've seen birds do this on Wild Kingdom. 
Monica: Hey, Rach. How was it with your friends? (She and Phoebe scream.) Okay! How would you like some Tiki Death Punch? (She pours the contents of the blender into some glasses.) 
Monica: Weeeell, it's rum, and- 
Monica: We thought since Phoebe was staying over tonight we'd have kinda like a slumber party thing. We got some trashy magazines, we got cookie dough, we got Twister... (The phone rings and Monica answers it.) 
Monica: Uh, Rach, it's the Visa card people. 
Monica: (on phone) Could you please tell me what this is in reference to? (Listens) Yes, hold on. (To Rachel) Um, they say there's been some unusual activity on your account. 
Monica: That is the unusual activity. Look, they just wanna see if you're okay. 
Monica: (pauses then on the phone) Uh- Rachel has left the building, can you call back? 
Monica: You should feel great about yourself! You're doing this amazing independence thing! 
Monica: Ah, the other Jack. 
Monica: So what, you're not the only one. I mean, half the time we don't know where we're going. You've just gotta figure at some point it's all gonna come together, and it's just gonna be... un-floopy. 
Monica: ...Pheebs? 
Monica: No, you were right. I don't have a plan. (There's a knock on the door.) 
Monica: Phoebe? 
Monica: Do you have a plan? 
Monica: (leaping off of the couch and runs up) Wait! Did you say 'G.Stephanopoulos?' 
Monica: Wait, was this a-a small mediterranean guy with curiously intelligent good looks? 
Monica: Was he wearing a stunning blue suit? 
Monica: (staggered) Oh God. 
Monica: Are you nuts?! We've got George Stephanopoulos' pizza! (Rachel pays him, Monica grabs some binoculars, and runs to the window.) 
Monica: I see pizza! 
Monica: White House adviser? Clinton's campaign guy? The one with the great hair, sexy smile, really cute butt? 
Monica: Please tell me it's his mother. 
Monica: Oh, no... 
Monica: Light still out? 
Monica: Oh. Maybe they're- napping. 
Monica: I think he's shy. 
Monica: Yeah. I think you have to draw him out. And then- when you do- he's a preppy animal. 
Monica: Okay. Okay, I got one. Do you remember that vegetarian pate that I made that you loved so much? 
Monica: Well, unless goose is a vegetable...ha haaaah! 
Monica: What?! You slept with Jason? 
Monica: Oh, that's nice! 
Monica: Excuse me?! 
Monica: Really. Well, at least 'big girls' don't pee in their pants in seventh grade! 
Monica: Where? 
Monica: Oh, George, baby, drop the towel! 
Ross: (Doing the spinning) Okay, Monica: Right foot red. 
Monica: Could've played Monopoly, but nooooo. 
Monica: Would you let it go? It's not that big a deal.
Monica: Chandler, nobody likes breaking up with someone. You just gotta do it.
Monica: Oh, you're breaking up with Tony?
Monica: Did he give you that whole "You're-not-up-to-this" thing again?
Monica: Wow, being dumped by you obviously agrees with her.
Monica: Forget it. Not after your cousin who could belch the alphabet.
Monica: (looking out window) Oh, god help us.
Monica: Ugly Naked Guy's laying kitchen tile. Eww!
Monica: What's going on here? You go out with tons of girls.
Monica: Thank you. So what does this Bob guy look like? Is he tall? Short?
Monica: Which?
Monica: You've never met Bob, have you?
Monica: Oh my god, Joey, for all we know this guy could be horribly...
Monica: ...horribly attractive. I'll be shutting up now.
Monica: (to Joey) He is so cute. (to Angela and Bob) So, where did you guys grow up?
Monica: How, how did that happen?
Monica: What?
Monica: I've gotta tell you, Bob is terrific.
Monica: It is so great to meet a guy who is smart and funny, and has an emotional age beyond, like eight.
Monica: Wow. My brother never even told me when he lost his virginity.
Monica: Something went wrong with Underdog, and they couldn't get his head to inflate. So anyway, um, his head is like flopping down Broadway, right, and I'm just thinking... how inappropriate this is. Um, I've got something in my eye, uh, Joey, could we check it in the light, please? 
Monica: Oh my god.
Monica: Hello! Were we at the same table? It's like... cocktails in Appalachia.
Monica: Close? She's got her tongue in his ear.
Monica: Joey, this is sick, it's disgusting, it's, it's—not really true, is it?
Monica: Oh my god, what were you thinking?
Monica: (hits him lightly) Oh! 
Monica: (leaving) I'm outta here.
Monica: Really?
Monica: I'm so sorry, I can't believe I did this, but I couldn't stop laughing at your Norman Mailer story.
Monica: Hi.
Monica: We ripped that couple apart, and kept the pieces for ourselves.
Monica: (notices his head) Oh, I'm sorry.
Monica: Did anybody else feel they just wanted to peel the skin off their body, to have something else to do?
Monica: Well, go over to her! She's not with anyone.
Monica: You could do that!
Monica: Oh, right, right. How was your date, 'Chand-lrr'?
Monica: Oh. I'm sorry it didn't work out.
Monica: Didn't you listen to the story? I mean, this is twisted! How could you get involved with a woman like this?
Monica: What? So you guys don't mind going out with someone else who's going out with someone else?
Monica: Good for you, Joey.
Monica: We're kidding. C'mon, tell us!
Monica: ...Oh! I-I see you moved the green ottoman.
Monica: How-how did that happen?
Monica: Yeah, yeah, it's interesting.. but y'know what? Just for fun, let's see what it looked like in the old spot. (She moves it.) Alright, just to compare. Let's see. Well, it looks good there too. Let's just leave it there for a while.
Monica: You guys, I am not that bad!
Monica: That is so unfair!
Monica: Okay, so I'm responsible, I'm organised. But hey, I can be a kook.
Monica: Why not?
Monica: I could do that.
Monica: Why would someone do that?! ...One might wonder.
Monica: STOP IT!! ...Oh my God. It's true! Who am I?
Monica: Well, what's the part?
Monica: (trying not to laugh) Oh my God.
Monica: Alright, alright, alright... 
Monica: For what?
Monica: Oh my God. Okay, go into the bathroom, use whatever you want, just don't ever tell me what you did in there.
Monica: He's in the bathroom. I don't think you wanna go in there!
Monica: I warned you...
Monica: Oh, you got the whole night, huh?
Monica: Sure. Oh, um, Chandler? Y'know, the-the old Monica would-would remind you to scrub that Teflon pan with a plastic brush...But I'm not gonna do that. 
Monica: Hey, waitwait, aren't you the guy that plays the butt in the new Al Pacino movie?
Monica: Maybe this wasn't your shot.
Monica: I'm sorry, Joey. I'm gonna go to bed, guys. 
Monica: (determined) Uh-huh!
Monica: Doesn't matter, I'll get 'em tomorrow. Or not. Whenever. (He goes to her room.)
Monica: (hums for a while, then gives up, and in her head) If it bothers you that much, just go out and get the shoes. No. Don't do this. This is stupid! I don't have to prove anything, I'm gonna go get them...But then everyone will know. Unless I get them, and then wake up really early and put them back! ...I need help! (She buries her head in her pillow.) 
Monica: Mom says it's all of Manhattan, parts of Brooklyn and Queens, and they have no idea when it's coming back on.
Monica: (into phone) Pants and a sweater? Why, mom? Who am I gonna meet in a blackout? Power company guys? Eligible looters? Could we talk about this later? OK. (hangs up)
Monica: Hello?
Monica: (to everyone) It's Chandler! (on phone) Are you OK?
Monica: What?
Monica: I have no idea what you just said.
Monica: OK, I'll go. OK, senior year of college... on a pool table.
Monica: Oh my God! What were you doing in a library?
Monica: You did not go!
Monica: Outside.
Monica: Why not?
Monica: And that would be?
Monica: Joey, what's going on?
Monica: About what?
Monica: Oh my God! I love him!
Monica: My surprise party!
Monica: Oh stop it. Joey already told me.
Monica: No, you are not. We tell you stuff.
Monica: (to Ross) This is just Bactine. It won't hurt.
Monica: (smitten) Hi!
Monica: Hi!
Monica: Hi!
Monica: If you want, I'll do it.
Monica: I did.
Monica: Okay, I-I d'know, you-you just- you have a quality.
Monica: Hello? Hello? Oh! Rachel, it's Paolo calling from Rome. 
Monica: Hey dad, what's up? (Listens) Oh God. Ross, it's Nana.
Monica: How-how are you, Mom?
Monica: What?
Monica: Nothing.
Monica: She is unbelievable, our mother is...
Monica: Oh God!
Monica: The fuzzy little mints at the bottom of her purse. 
Monica: I know.
Monica: G'bye, Nana. (She kisses her on the forehead.)
Monica: Ross!
Monica: We checked. A lot.
Monica: Dad!
Monica: You what?
Monica: Define fun.
Monica: ...And then we throw your body in the water... Gee, that does sound fun.
Monica: That's probably what they'll say.
Monica: Mom already called this morning to remind me not to wear my hair up. Did you know my ears are not my best feature?
Monica: Are these the shoes?
Monica: It was a really beautiful service.
Monica: Wow, those pills really worked, huh?
Monica: Well, sure, what with it being her funeral and all.
Monica: That sounds like Nana.
Monica: ...I can imagine.
Monica: That is a wonder. So tell me something, Mom. If you had to do it all over again, I mean, if she was here right now, would you tell her?
Monica: How she drove you crazy, picking on every little detail, like your hair... for example.
Monica: Do you think things would have been better if you'd just told her the truth?
Monica: Huh.
Monica: Oh, I think so.
Monica: Thank you. They're yours.
Monica: Oh, that's Nana, right there in the middle. (Reads the back) 'Me and the gang at Java Joe's'. 
Monica: Let's see, 1939... yeah, 24, 25?
Monica: Hey. Ross, did you know Mom and Dad are going to Puerto Rico for Thanksgiving?
Monica: Yes, they are. The Blymens invited them.
Monica: I am not wrong.
Monica: No, I just talked to them.
Monica: Oh, wow, so you're gonna be one of those "healthy, healthy, healthy guys"?
Monica: Ok, I'll tell you what. How about I cook dinner at my place? I'll make it just like Mom's.
Monica: You know, they're not actually supposed to have... (Ross looks at her sheepishly) I'll work on the lumps. Joey, you're going home, right?
Monica: And I assume, Chandler, you are still boycotting all the pilgrim holidays.
Monica: Phoebe, you're gonna be with your grandma?
Monica: So you're free Thursday, then.
Monica: Yeah. Rach, are you thinking you're gonna make it to Vail?
Monica: Hey, Rach, did you make your money?
Monica: Rach, here's your mail.
Monica: (insistently) No, here's your mail.
Monica: (gives her an envelope) Would you just open it?
Monica: We all chipped in.
Monica: (to Joey) You owe me 20 bucks.
Monica: (hands Chandler a bag) Chandler, here you go, got your traditional Thanksgiving feast, you got your tomato soup, your grilled cheese fixin's, and your family size bag of Funyuns.
Monica: Mmm, looking good. Ok, cider's mulling, turkey's turking, yams are yamming. (notices Ross is depressed) What?
Monica: All right, that's it. You know what? Just get out of my way and stop moping.
Monica: That's not a question.
Monica: All right, fine. Tonight's potatoes will be both mashed with lumps, and in the form of tots.
Monica: Ah!
Monica: What, Phoebe, did you whip the potatoes? Ross needs lumps!
Monica: Why would we do that?
Monica: Ok, three kinds of potatoes coming up.
Monica: Got the keys? or Got the keys!
Monica: Ok, right about now the turkey should be crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Why are we standing here?
Monica: No I don't.
Monica: No I didn't. I asked, "got the ke-eys?"
Monica: (panicked) The oven is on.
Monica: Well then get it, get it!
Monica: (angry) Joey!
Monica: Can you go any faster with that?
Monica: Why do you guys have so many keys in there anyway?
Monica: I swear you said you had the keys.
Monica: Why would I have the keys?
Monica: But I didn't.
Monica: Why?
Monica: Why?
Monica: Why? Because everything is my responsibility? Isn't it enough that I'm making Thanksgiving dinner for everyone? You know, everyone wants a different kind of potatoes, so I'm making different kinds of potatoes. Does anybody care what kind of potatoes I want? Nooooo, no, no! (starting to cry) Just as long as Phoebe gets her peas and onions, and Mario gets his tots, and it's my first Thanksgiving, and it's all burned, and, and I... I...
Monica: Well, the turkey's burnt. (checking pots) Potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined.
Monica: No, it doesn't, does it? But you wanted lumps, Ross? (picks up the pan of badly burnt potatoes) Well, here you go, buddy, ya got one.
Monica: Oh, really? So why was I busting my ass to make this delicious Thanksgiving dinner?
Monica: Stop it, stop it, stop it!
Monica: Ooh, Ugly Naked Dancing!
Monica: (holding sandwich) Does anybody wanna split this with me?
Monica: Make a wish?
Monica: W-wait. What is that?
Monica: No, no, I don't.
Monica: Ross, is he gonna live with you, like, in your apartment?
Monica: Why don't you just get a roommate?
Monica: So, how'd it go?
Monica: So what are you gonna be?
Monica: I think it's romantic.
Monica: What?!
Monica: Yeah, but Janice? That-that was like the worst breakup in history!
Monica: Ross! He's playing with my spatulas again!
Monica: Do you always have to bring him here?
Monica: I'm sorry, okay. It's just that Chandler has somebody, and Phoebe has somebody- I thought I'd ask Fun Bobby.
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: What's the matter?
Monica: Vividly.
Monica: Hi.
Monica: That thing is not coming in here.
Monica: I'm guessing your new girlfriend wouldn't urinate on my coffee table.
Monica: Alright. Just keep him away from me.
Monica: Oh my gosh! Rachel, honey.. are you okay? Where-where's Paolo?
Monica: Hey everybody! It's Fun Bobby!
Monica: Not everybody's happy. Hey Bobby!
Monica: So I'm kissing everyone?
Monica: Why?
Monica: Oh my God. (Grabs Phoebe and turns her away) Phoebe. Don't look now, but behind us is a guy who has the potential to break our hearts and plunge us into a pit of depression. 
Monica: He's coming. Be cool, be cool, be cool.
Monica: We are not going to whistle.
Monica: No!
Monica: No!
Monica: (Shouts to the guy) Woo-woo!
Monica: Why did I 'woo-hoo'? I mean, what was I hoping would happen? That-that he'd turn round and say 'I love that sound, I must have you now'?
Monica: Phoebe, what are you doing?
Monica: I wish we at least knew his name... Look at that face. I mean, even sleeping, he looks smart. I bet he's a lawyer.
Monica: Okay, he's a lawyer, who teaches sculpting on the side. And- he can dance!
Monica: I wish all guys could be like him.
Monica: He doesn't have anyone.
Monica: Last night.
Monica: Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fares again... the high today was forty-five... and- oh, teams played sports.
Monica: Nah... not-not special enough.
Monica: Waaay too special.
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: (Entering) What are you guys doing here?
Monica: ...What did I ask?
Monica: Hi.
Monica: What are you doing here?
Monica: I'm not really here. Just thought I'd drop these off...on the way.. my way... Do you come here a lot? Without me?
Monica: How would I know? I-I wasn't here.
Monica: Hey.
Monica: (Reading) 'A Woman Undone, by Rachel Karen Green'. 
Monica: (Reads) Yeah, I'd say so. And there's no 'j' in 'engorged'.
Monica: Hello. 
Monica: No, you?
Monica: You just asked me.
Monica: Oh! You're awake!
Monica: You look good!
Monica: Oh, sorry.
Monica: I'm Monica Geller. I've been taking care of you.
Monica: I got you the foot massager.
Monica: I read to you.
Monica: Oh, my pleasure.
Monica: "See you around?"
Monica: Oh, I don't know. Maybe, um, "That was nice?" Admit something to me? "I'll call you?" 
Monica: This is so typical. Y'know, we give, and we give, and we give. And then- we just get nothing back! And then one day, y'know, it's just, you wake up, and "See you around!" Let's go, Phoebe.
Monica: What's a 'niffle'?
Monica: Aunt Syl, stop yelling! All I'm saying is that if you had told me vegetarian lasagna, I would have made vegetarian lasagna. (pauses, listens to person on phone) Well, the meat's only every third layer, maybe you could scrape.
Monica: Aunt Syl, I did this as a favor, I am not a caterer. What do you want me to do with a dozen lasagnas? (listens to Aunt Syl on phone, looks shocked) Nice talk, Aunt Syl. (in New York accent) You kiss Uncle Freddie with that mouth?
Monica: So, did I hear Poconos?
Monica: Yeah, that's a big step.
Monica: And Monica knows...
Monica: Carol called me to thank me for the lasagna, I asked, she told me.
Monica: I'm sorry, I'm just excited about being an aunt!
Monica: Phoebe, what's the matter?
Monica: Phoebe, what is it?
Monica: Well, what happened?
Monica: Are you sure?
Monica: Was it...?
Monica: Oh!
Monica: So how does this work, you going to balance the plates on these little guys' heads?
Monica: Heads up Ross! (Monica scores on Chandler and Joey) Score! (points at Chandler) You suck!
Monica: We should get over there and see if she's okay. (switching places with Ross) Just one...second! Score! (Monica scores, high-fives with Ross) Game! Come on. (Monica and Phoebe leave)
Monica: Don't stare. Now she just finished throwing his clothes off the balcony, now there's just a lot of gesturing and arm-waving, (shows Rachel gesturing with hands in front of her chest), Ok, that is either, "How could you?" or, "Enormous breasts!" Here he comes! 
Monica: Paolo, I really hate you for what you did to Rachel, (hands him a lasagna) but I still have five of these, so heat it at 375 until the cheese bubbles.
Monica: Oh, you're right.
Monica: Ooh...hey honey, are you all right?
Monica: Yes! And that would be a shut-down!
Monica: Where are you guys going? Come on, one more game!
Monica: You guys are always hanging out in my apartment! Come on, I'll only use my left hand, huh? Come on, wussies! (Joey and Chandler pick her up) All right, ok, I gotta go. I'm going, (they throw her out) and I'm gone.
Monica: So, you think you'll do it on his couch?
Monica: Hey, how long are you in the city?
Monica: Hello?
Monica: C'mon up.
Monica: Wait-wait, go back to that sibling thing.
Monica: Oh! So you think I'm a failure!
Monica: Y'know, all these years, I thought you were on my side. But maybe what you were doing was sucking up to Mom and Dad so they'd keep liking you better!
Monica: You're welcome.
Monica: Hate that guy! (Throws another cookie)
Monica: Hi...May I help you?
Monica: Okay...who are you?
Monica: Oh, c'mon in.
Monica: How's it going?
Monica: Nothing, um, it's just, um... It's Roger. 
Monica: So you talked to your dad, huh.
Monica: How's it going?
Monica: Joey!! What the hell were you doing?!
Monica: Hello, Joey.
Monica: You can not do this.
Monica: Roger wants to take her out tomorrow night.
Monica: But Phoebe, you can go out with a creepy guy any night of the year. I know I do. 
Monica: Which one was Pete Carney?
Monica: Yeah, well, I'll take a little crying any day over Howard-the-"I-win"-guy. (imitating) "I win! I win!" I went out with the guy for two months—I didn't get to win once.
Monica: I don't know. Maybe we're some kinda magnets.
Monica: There's more beer, right?
Monica: Ok, well, what kind of ritual?
Monica: Burning's good.
Monica: Oh, Chandler, sorry.
Monica: Ohhh, Chandler, sorry! Hey, Janice.
Monica: Rach, come see who's out here!
Monica: I'll be right back.
Monica: Oh, hi, Ross. Yeah. There's someone I want you to say hi to. (to Chandler) He just happened to call.
Monica: All I have is, is oregano and a Fresca.
Monica: Can we just start throwing things in?
Monica: Look, here's a picture of Scotty Jared naked.
Monica: No.
Monica: Hey, Rachel, isn't that stuff almost pure...
Monica: You know, it's a really funny story how this happened.
Monica: They're nice guys.
Monica: Aww, thank you. (Notices something.) Uh Rach?
Monica: Why does my cinamon stick have an eraser?
Monica: Yeah, Chandler... you've been there for five years.
Monica: (taps Phoebe on her shoulder) Um... hi there.
Monica: Well, what kind of food is he looking for?
Monica: (excited) Oh my God!
Monica: Oh, I love my life, I love my life!
Monica: So great! He showed me where the restaurant's going to be. It's this, it's this cute little place on 10th Street. Not too big, not too small. Just right.
Monica: So anyway, I'm cooking dinner for him Monday night. You know, kind of like an audition. And Phoebe, he really wants you to be here, which will be great for me because then you can 'ooh' and 'ahh' and make yummy noises.
Monica: I don't know. I don't know. It's just going to be so great!
Monica: (to Joey) OK, try this salmon mousse.
Monica: Is it better than the other salmon mousse?
Monica: Yeah, well, is that better?
Monica: (brings a plate of tiny appetizers over) Here you go, maybe this'll cheer you up.
Monica: It's supposed to be that small. It's a pre-appetizer. The French call it an amouz-bouche. 
Monica: (on phone) Hello? (Listens) Oh, hi Wendy! (Listens) Yeah, eight o'clock. (Listens) What did we say? Ten dollars an hour?... (Listens) OK, great. (Listens) All right, I'll see you then. Bye. (hangs up)
Monica: Oh, I asked one of the waitresses at work if she'd help me out.
Monica: Well... of course I thought of you! But... but...
Monica: But, you see, it's just... this night has to go just perfect, you know? And, well, Wendy's more of a... professional waitress.
Monica: (shouting on phone) Wendy, we had a deal! (Listens) Yeah, you promised! Wendy! Wendy! Wendy! (hangs up)
Monica: Wendy bailed. I have no waitress.
Monica: Ten dollars an hour.
Monica: Twelve dollars an hour.
Monica: You know, Rachel, when you ran out of your wedding, I was there for you. I put a roof over your head, and if that means nothing to you... (Rachel isn't buying it, desperate) twenty dollars an hour.
Monica: Hi Steve!
Monica: (to Steve) This is Rachel.
Monica: Oh, thank you. Would you like a tour?
Monica: Yeah, I think we're ready for our first course. (Steve sits, Monica brings over a tray) OK, um, these are rot-shrimp ravioli, and celantro pondou sauce... (Steve starts to eat them one by one, quickly)... with just a touch of mints... and... (he finishes)... ginger.
Monica: I'm so glad you liked them!
Monica: Oh, well... um, that's all there are of these. But in about eight and a half minutes, we'll be serving some delicious onion tartlets.
Monica: (joining him and taking the taco shells) You know that? You don't want to spoil your appetite.
Monica: You know, if you just wait another... six and a half minutes...
Monica: No, we don't. (reaches for box) 
Monica: Why don't you just have a seat here? (he sits at the table, then tries to secretly eat the Gummi-bears. Monica spots him.) OK... give me the Gummi-bears.
Monica: Give them to me.
Monica: No, give me the...
Monica: (furious) That's it! Dinner is over!
Monica: What?
Monica: Why? It's just that I've waited seven years for an opportunity like this, and you can't even wait four and a half minutes for a stupid onion tartlet?
Monica: I know... it's just... I thought this was, you know... it.
Monica: (as Rachel) Yeah... (joining the others) ..see, I was supposed to get married, but, um, I left the guy at the altar.
Monica: (as Rachel) Yeah... Yeah, I know it's pretty selfish, but haha, hey, that's me. (Indicating a dish on the table) Why don't you try the hummus?
Monica: (as Rachel) (Suddenly laughing) Oh, god, I am so spoiled... That's it!
Monica: (as Rachel) I used to wet my bed.
Monica: (as Rachel) (Revealing her anger to point at her best friend) We both do that!
Monica: (as Rachel) Hi, Dad. No, no, it's me. (Getting up to move further away from Rachel) li-listen, Dad, I can't talk right now, um, but there's something, um... there's something that I've been meaning to tell you...
Monica: (as Rachel) Remember back in freshman year? (Talking fast before Rachel can catch her) Well, Billy Dreskin and I had sex on your bed.
Monica: (taking the phone) Hello, this is Monica... Yeah??? Oh... (Smiles at Rachel to reassure her) Okay, yes, we'll be right, we'll be right down.(Listens) Thank you. (Hangs up)
Monica: (as Rachel) Um, okay. You just called a little while ago about needing a signature on the admissions form. Well, it turns out we need a whole new one (little laugh) because uh, you see, I-I, I put the wrong name again. (Little laugh) 'cause um...
Monica: (as Rachel) I am. I'm that stupid. (Little laugh.)
Monica: (as Rachel) Monica.
Monica: (as Rachel) Hi.
Monica: Do you really want a job with Popular Mechanics?
Monica: Hey, guys.
Monica: Lots of responses.
Monica: (reading): OK... Dear Ms. Green... yeah... yeah... yeah... No. (crumpes up letter)
Monica: Oh, please, that is such a lame excuse!
Monica: I mean, that's a typical guy response.
Monica: So I wouldn't need any, right? Cause I have a straight.
Monica: Alright, here we go. We've got salmon roulettes and assorted crudites.
Monica: Alright, you know, we got it, we got it. Let's play for real. High stakes... big bucks...
Monica: (throws down her cards) Dammit, dammit, dammit!
Monica: Hell no, we'll pay!
Monica: And you know what? We want a rematch.
Monica: Yeah, I know. He can get really competitive.
Monica: What?
Monica: Please! I am not as bad as Ross.
Monica: That was not an incident! I-I was gesturing, a-and the plate slipped out of my hand.
Monica: You're kidding! Where? Where?
Monica: Oh, Rachel!
Monica: Well, what's the job?
Monica: OK, look. That is Aunt Iris. This woman has been playing poker since she was five. You gotta listen to every word she says. (opens door) Hi!
Monica: I don't think so.
Monica: What?
Monica: Really?
Monica: Uh, Aunt Iris? This is Phoebe, and that's Rachel...
Monica: OK, great. You'll tell us and we'll laugh. Let's play poker.
Monica: Ha, ha, very funny, very funny. But I think we'd like to give poker another try. Shall we, ladies?
Monica: You know what? This is not over. We will play you again, and we will win, and you will lose, and you will beg, and we will laugh, and we will take every last dime you have, and you will hate yourselves forever.
Monica: OK, we done with the chit-chat? Are we ready to play some serious poker?
Monica: Excuse me, where are you going?
Monica: Do you want to go to the bathroom, or do you wanna play poker?
Monica: Alright, Cincinnati, no blinds, everybody ante. (deals cards)
Monica: Me too.
Monica: (slams down cards) I hate this game! 
Monica: Sorry, Rach.
Monica: Alright, check.
Monica: Rachel, there's nothing in it.
Monica: OK, here you go. Good luck.
Monica: (pointing at the drawing, upset) Bye... bye... BIRDIE.
Monica: That, you get? That, you get?
Monica: Mail call, Rachel Green, bunk seven.
Monica: Oh good! 'Cause where else would we get any?
Monica: What is it?
Monica: Barry who you almost...?
Monica: And Mindy, your maid of...?
Monica: (Takes it) That's Mindy? Wow, she is pretty. (Sees Rachel's look) Lucky. To have had a friend like you.
Monica: Hi.
Monica: Wonderful!
Monica: There was nudity!
Monica: Oh, hang on, hang on. Does Aunt Monica get a say in this?
Monica: Wait. He pooped in my shoe? Which one?
Monica: Which ones?
Monica: He- he pooped in my shoe.
Monica: Those cute little black ones I wear all the time.
Monica: Okay, we'll start with the building. You guys take the first and second floor, Phoebe and I'll take third and fourth.
Monica: Okay, you stay here, and just wait by the phone. Spray Lysol in my shoe, and wait for Ross to kill you.
Monica: Mr. Heckles, our friend lost a monkey. Have you seen it?
Monica: No!
Monica: A monkey. Have you seen a monkey?
Monica: Hi. We checked the third and fourth floor, no-one's seen Marcel.
Monica: Pheebs, you remember how we talked about saying things quietly to yourself first?
Monica: Look. I'm sure there's some friendly way to reconcile this! Um, have a seat. First of all, we haven't been introduced, I'm Monica Geller.
Monica: The Luisa from home room!
Monica: No, none at all.
Monica: Oh, I'm- I'm so sorry!
Monica: Be that as it may, d'you think you could just help us out here on that monkey thing? Y'know, just for old times' sake? Go Bobcats?
Monica: Marcel?
Monica: Whaaat!
Monica: What is it?
Monica: Look, Phoebe!
Monica: What're you gonna do?
Monica: Run, Marcel, run! Run, Marcel! (Marcel runs off and Luisa runs after him. Monica goes to check up on Phoebe) Are you okay?
Monica: Oh gosh.
Monica: This is me in The Sound of Music. See the von Trapp kids?
Monica: That's because I'm in front of them.
Monica: Well, high school was not my favourite time.
Monica: Gosh, doesn't it seem like a million years ago?
Monica: (looking out of the window) Oh my God. You guys! You gotta come see this! There's some creep out there with a telescope!
Monica: So have you called her yet?
Monica: I can't believe my parents are actually pressuring me to find one of you people.
Monica: Look look! It's Rachel and Barry. No, don't everybody look at once!
Monica: How'd it go?
Monica: Rachel, what's going on? I mean isn't this the same Barry who you left at the altar?
Monica: Okay, how about the fact that he's engaged to another woman, who just happens to be your ex-best friend?
Monica: That's what you've been working on for the past two hours?!
Monica: (looking out the window) Look look! He's doing it again, the guy with the telescope!
Monica: Great, now he's waving back.
Monica: What kinda stuff?
Monica: Yeah.. uh, but for future reference, that thing in your hand can also be used as a phone.
Monica: Y'see, this is where you'd use that 'hello' word we talked about.
Monica: (wandering in after her) Uh, Rach... how come you have dental floss in your hair?
Monica: Uh huh.
Monica: You had sex in his chair?!... I said that a little too loudly, didn't I?
Monica: Brrrrrrr!
Monica: Relax. Y'know, she may not even know.
Monica: Why don't you just take it with you?
Monica: Why don't you just call her?
Monica: Do you?
Monica: Don't you have to pee?
Monica: Just like you told her you did! (Chandler glares at her.) ... Just pointing out the irony.
Monica: So she's a woman! So what?
Monica: Joey!!
Monica: The green dress? Really?
Monica: (waves dismissively to Sidney) Nooo!
Monica: You okay?
Monica: Really?
Monica: Aww... (They hug)
Monica: Yeah, there you go!
Monica: I have no idea. But look how much they spent!
Monica: I know. It's just such reckless spending.
Monica: That's me.
Monica: Ross, you've got to do something about the humping.
Monica: This woman's living my life.
Monica: She's living my life, and she's doing it better than me! Look at this, look. She buys tickets for plays that I wanna see. She, she buys clothes from stores that I'm intimidated by the sales people. She spent three hundred dollars on art supplies.
Monica: Yeah, well I might be if I had the supplies! I mean, I could do all this stuff. Only I don't.
Monica: Oh really? Okay, let's compare, shall we.
Monica: Do I go horseback riding in the park? Do I take classes at the New School?
Monica: This is so unfair! She's got everything I want, and she doesn't have my mother.
Monica: Hi. (On the phone) Hi, uh, yes, this is Monica Geller. Um, I believe I'm taking some classes with you and I was wondering what they were.
Monica: (Hushes her) Alright, great. Thanks a lot. (Hangs up) I'm going to tap class.
Monica: This woman's got my life, I should get to see who she is.
Monica: What d'you think?
Monica: Oh, no thanks, we're just here to observe.
Monica: Okay, d'y'see anybody you think could be me?
Monica: Okay, I'm not getting this!
Monica: Did you ever feel like sometimes you are just so unbelievably uncoordinated?
Monica: Great. It's gym class all over again.
Monica: Why don't I just take off my clothes and have a nightmare.
Monica: Oh. Monica! ...Hi. I'm Mo- ...nana.
Monica: Yeah. It's Dutch.
Fake Monica: You're kidding! I-I spent three years in Amsterdam. (Asks her something in Dutch)
Monica: Um, Pennsylvania Dutch.
Monica: Y'know what? After you're with this woman for like ten minutes, you forget all that. I mean, she is this astounding person, with this, with this amazing spirit.
Fake Monica: Monana was very brave.
Monica: It was so wild. We told them we were the Gunnersens in room six fifteen. Only to find out the Boston Celtics had taken over the entire sixth floor!
Fake Monica: So once they caught on to the fact that we're, y'know, short and have breasts...
Monica: ...They threw us out! I was thrown out of a hotel! Me!
Fake Monica: Oh, by the way, tomorrow we're auditioning for a Broadway show.
Monica: 'Scuse me?
Fake Monica: There's an open call for Cats. I'm thinking we go down there, sing Memories and make complete fools of ourselves. Whaddya say?
Monica: Nononononono. Think who you're dealing with here. I mean, I'm not like you. I-I can't even stand in front of a tap class.
Fake Monica: Well, that's just probably 'cause of your Amish background.
Monica: What?
Fake Monica: Well, you're Pennsylvania Dutch, right?
Monica: Right. Till I bought a blow dryer, then I was shunned.
Fake Monica: I-I used to be just like you. And then one day I saw a movie that changed my life. Did you ever see Dead Poets' Society?
Monica: Uh-huh.
Fake Monica: I thought that movie was so incredibly... boring. I mean, that thing at the end where the kid kills himself because he can't be in the play? What was that?! It's like, kid, wait a year, leave home, do some community theatre. I walked out of there and I thought, 'Now, that's two hours of my life that I'm never getting back.' And that thought scared me more than all the other crap I was afraid to do.
Monica: Wow. Then I would definitely not recommend Mrs. Doubtfire.
Monica: Yo- hooo!
Monica: Monica and I just crashed an embassy party.
Monica: Noooo! (Comes closer and whispers) I'm lying. I am so drunk.
Monica: Water rules!
Monica: Nope. Going to the Big Apple Circus today.
Monica: No, it is me! Y'know, I'm not just the person who needs to fluff the pillows and pay the bills as soon as they come in! Y'know, when I'm with her, I am so much more than that. I'm- I'm Monana!
Monica: Helloooo? Yeah. Oh my God. Thanks.
Monica: They've arrested Monica.
Monica: Hi.
Fake Monica: Hey.
Monica: How are you?
Fake Monica: I'm not too bad. Fortunately, blue's my colour. How-how did you know I was here?
Monica: Because... I'm Monica Geller. It was my credit card you were using.
Fake Monica: That I was not expecting.
Monica: I want you to know, it wasn't me who turned you in.
Fake Monica: Oh. Thanks.
Monica: No, thank you! You have given me so much! I mean, if it wasn't for you, I would never have gotten to sing Memories on the stage at the Wintergarden Theater!
Fake Monica: Well, actually, you only got to sing 'Memo-'.
Monica: I just can't believe you're in here. I mean, what am I gonna do without you? Who's gonna crash the embassy parties with me? Who's gonna take me to the Big Apple Circus?
Fake Monica: Monica, I started my day by peeing in front of twenty-five other women, and you're worried about who's gonna take you to the Big Apple Circus?
Monica: Well, not... worried, just... wondering.
Fake Monica: There's nothing to wonder about, Monica. You're gonna go back to being exactly who you were, because that's who you are.
Monica: Not necessarily...
Fake Monica: Yes necessarily! I mean, I dunno what it is, maybe it's the Amish thing.
Monica: Um, I'm not actually Amish.
Fake Monica: Really? Then why are you like that?
Monica: In. (She joins in the dancing. She still flounders)
Monica: Yeah, but at least I'm doing it!
Monica: Tell him.
Monica: Just...please tell him.
Monica: Look at you, you won't even look at him.
Monica: Is it like for dinosaur emergencies. 'Help, come quick, they're still extinct.'
Monica: All right, I'll see you guys later. (raises)
Monica: Thank you.
Monica: He's... our age.
Monica: Okay, he's a senior in college.
Monica: No, of course not. It's not even an issue. Cause I told him I was 22.
Monica: Oh, I can't pass for 22?
Monica: I am 26.
Monica: Windows are clean, candels are lit. Uh, belt's to tight, gotta change the belt. Did I turn the fish? (goes over to the kitchen to check on the dinner) No, cause I made lasagne. (to Rachel) Am I out of control?
Monica: What?
Monica: I don't know. Look he's a great guy and I love being with him but... you know. Things happen, and they happen. You don't plan these things.
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: Did not.
Monica: How was that possible?
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Unless...
Monica: Uh, ah. Unless you wanna stay over? I mean, I'm going to, so...
Monica: Okay, is this like 'I have an early class tomorrow' or 'I'm secretly married to a goat?'
Monica: Ethan?
Monica: Are you a virgin?
Monica: Really?
Monica: You keep saying that.
Monica: Listen, uh, you told me something that was really difficult for you. And I, I-I figured if you could be honest, then I can to.
Monica: No-no. Nothing wrong about that. 
Monica: Um, okay, here it goes. I'm not 22. I'm, I'm 25... and thirteen months. 
Monica: But I figured, you know, that shouldn't change anything. I mean, what the hell does it matter how old we are.
Monica: You're not a senior?
Monica: Ok...ay.
Monica: What we did was wrong. Oh god, I just had sex with somebody that wasn't alive during the Bicentennial.
Monica: Ethan, focus. How could you not tell me?
Monica: Well, that's different. My lie didn't make one of us a felon in 48 states. What were you thinking?
Monica: Don't say it. (closes Ethan's mouth with her hand)
Monica: Really?
Monica: Well,fall out of it. You know, you shouldn't even be here, it's a school night. Oh god, oh god. I'm like those women that you see with shiny guys named Chad. I'm Joan Collins.
Monica: What?
Monica: Oh.
Monica: No. You know, sometimes just things doesn't work out.
Monica: Ha,ha, ha, oh my life is just so amusing. Could we drop it now?
Monica: Aren't you gonna...
Monica: That was gonna be my opener.
Monica: It was.
Monica: Ethan, it's um... it's icky.
Monica: This isn't easy for me either. I wish things were different, I... If you were a few years older, or if I was a few years younger, or if we lived in biblical times, I would really...
Monica: ...love you.
Monica: I can't belive it, I'm gonna be an aunt. I'm gonna have like a nephew.
Monica: I'm sure everything's fine. Has her water broke yet?
Monica: Joey, what are you gonna do when you have a baby?
Monica: What's with the guitar?
Monica: I want a baby.
Monica: Get up. Come on. Let's get some coffee.
Monica: No fair. I don't even have one. How come they get two?
Monica: Oh yeah? When?
Monica: Why won't I be married when I'm 40?
Monica: Ok, hypothetically, why won't I be married when I'm 40?
Monica: What is it? Is there something fundamentally unmarriable about me?
Monica: Well?
Monica: Did you go home and change?
Monica: No, I haven't seen him.
Monica: Now, Mom, everything's going fine, really. (Listens) Yeah, Ross is great. He's uh, he's in a whole other place. (Listens) No, he's gone. (Listens) No no, you don't have to fly back, really. (Listens) What do you mean this might be your only chance? (Listens) Would you stop? I'm only 26, I'm not even thinking about babies yet. 
Monica: I'm sure they'll be here soon.
Monica: Hi.
Monica: Can we come in?
Monica: Ross, can I?
Monica: (getting choked up) Hi, Ben. Hi. I'm your Aunt Monica. Yes I am. I'm your Aunt Monica. I...I will always have gum.
Monica: He is so amazing.
Monica: Awww, look at Aunt Monica's little boy!
Monica: Oh, Joey, please tell me you're only donating your time.
Monica: OK, we got the cole slaw, we got the buns...
Monica: Oh Joey, Melanie called, said she's gonna be late.
Monica: Yeah? What does she think of your little science project?
Monica: Man's got a point.
Monica: Joey... we always know what you mean.
Monica: Hey.
Monica: You're going to China?
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: Oh no, she's out having drinks with Carl.
Monica: You know, that guy she met at the coffeehouse.
Monica: (gets up) OK, how does everybody like their burgers?
Monica: Hey, hold on there, tiger. How's it going? How you holding up?
Monica: So, uh, have you ever thought about being there for her?
Monica: Y'know, just be there for her.
Monica: Think about it.
Monica: I can't believe he did this.
Monica: I think this is so great! I mean, you and Ross! D-did you have any idea?
Monica: No, no, wait. (checks Ross's itinerary) His flight doesn't leave for another forty-five more minutes.
Monica: From here to the airport?
Monica: Rachel, what're you gonna say to him?
Monica: Yeah, but if it's good news, you should tell him now.
Monica: Uh, so, uh, Rach, uh... do you wanna save this wrapping paper, I mean, it's only a little bit torn... so are you gonna go for it with Ross or should I just throw it out?
Monica: Oh my God, me too! Oh! Oh, we'd be like friends-in-law! Y'know what the best part is? The best part is that you already know everything about him! I mean, it's like starting on the fifteenth date!
Monica: Another good point.
Monica: Why isn't it working out?
Monica: Is he not cute enough for you?
Monica: Does he not make enough money?
Monica: Is there? Is there someone else?
Monica: Then why the hell are you dumping my brother?!?
Monica: Hey, great skirt! Birthday present?
Monica: Oh, from who?
Monica: Well, it's the thought. Hey, doesn't Ross's flight get in in a couple hours? At gate 27-B?
Monica: Oh, why?
Monica: (gets up) No, no, no, no, no, no pressure, no pressure!
Monica: I am not 'so'! OK, I was a teensy bit weird at first, but... I'll be good. I promise.
Monica: Behind my brother's back? (Rachel glares at her) ... is exactly the kind of crazy thing you won't be hearing from me.
Monica: I'm telling you, she went to the airport, and she's gonna go for it with Ross! 
Monica: Guys, you got your hair cut.
Monica: This is amazing. I mean, how, how did this happen?
Monica: (to Julie) It's an expression.
Monica: Pheebes, you know what I'm thinking?
Monica: No, although now that's what I'm thinking.
Monica: Well, I was thinking, that you gave the guys such great haircuts, I thought, maybe you'd like to do mine?
Monica: Why not?
Monica: No you're not.
Monica: Sweetie, I wanted you to have him too.
Monica: (to Phoebe) Please, just a little bit off the back.
Monica: Rachel, how did this happen?
Monica: Honey, you're not pathetic, you're sad.
Monica: My god, if I had a nickel for every guy I wish I hadn't...(Everyone looks at her), but this is about your horrible mistake.
Monica: (to Phoebe) You know it's funny, the last time Paulo was here, my hair was so much shorter and cuter.
Monica: I promise.
Monica: What? I didn't say anything.
Monica: I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Phoebe. It's just a little shorter than what we had discussed.
Monica: How who wears it?
Monica: Demi Moore is not a he.
Monica: That's Dudley Moore. I said I wanted it like Demi Moore.
Monica: Oh my God!
Monica: Oh my God!
Monica: She's the actress that was in Disclosure, Indecent Proposal, Ghost!
Monica: I know!
Monica: Even Mary Tyler Moore would've been better.
Monica: Thank you. My hair is very amused.
Monica: (entering from her bedroom carrying a present) Ok, these were unbelievably expensive, and I know he's gonna grow out of them in like, 20 minutes, but I couldn't resist. (There a little pair of Nike shoes.)
Monica: Ok, um, I'll go with you. 
Monica: It's gonna be a problem, isn't it?
Monica: But I'm...
Monica: Yeah, uh, it's actually not that big a deal.
Monica: You're welcome.
Monica: Phoebe, listen. You were with me, and we were shopping all day.
Monica: We were shopping, and we had lunch.
Monica: You had a salad.
Monica: Hello? Oh, Hi, Ju—(Sees Rachel is watching)—Hi, Jew! (Walks into the kitchen.) (Listens.) Uh huh? (Listens.) Uh huh? (Listens) Ok. (Listens) Um, sure, that'd be great. See ya then. Bye. (Hangs up.)
Monica: Yes. Uh, yes, I did. That was my friend, Eddie Moskowitz. Yeah, he likes it. Reaffirms his faith.
Monica: Hey, where is everybody?
Monica: Just out. Had some lunch, just me, little quality time with me. Thanks for your jacket.
Monica: Okay.
Monica: You know what probably happened? Someone musta stolen my credit card.
Monica: That is an excellent excellent question. That is excellent.
Monica: Judy.
Monica: Julie.
Monica: Jody!
Monica: Look, when it started I was just trying to be nice to her because she was my brother's girlfriend. And then, one thing led to another and, before I knew it, we were...shopping.
Monica: Honey, wait. We only did it once. It didn't mean anything to me.
Monica: Really, Rachel, I was thinking of you the whole time. Look, I'm sorry, all right. I never meant for you to find out!
Monica: That is not true!
Monica: Did it ever occur to you that I might just be that stupid?
Monica: (on the phone) Hi, who's this? (Listens) Hi, Joanne. Is Rachel working? It's Monica. (Listens) Yes, I know I did a horrible thing. (Listens) Joanne, it's not as simple as all that, ok? (Listens) No, I don't care what Steve thinks. (Listens) Hi, Steve.
Monica: I don't know what else to say.
Monica: I feel terrible, I really do.
Monica: Rachel, (they go back inside) say that I'm friends with her, we spend some time together. Is that so terrible?
Monica: It's that terrible?
Monica: Me? What are you talking about? Nobody could steal me from you. I mean, just because I'm friends with her doesn't make me any less friends with you. I mean, (starting to cry) you're my...We're, we're...Oh, I love you.
Monica: Look, I know that you're in a place right now where you really need to hate Julie's guts, but she didn't do anything wrong. I mean, she was just a girl who met a guy, and now they go out. I really think that if you gave her a chance, you'd like her. Would you just give that a chance, for me?
Monica: (crying) I'd do anything for you. (They hug again.)
Monica: God, look what I found in the drain.
Monica: It's some of Richard's hair! (holds it close to Ross) What do I do with this?
Monica: It's weird, but you know what I don't wanna throw this away. I mean this is like all I have left of him, gross, drain hair. Ooh! (drops it in Ross's cereal)
Monica: God, what is wrong with me.
Monica: I need to get some Richard.
Monica: I know, I know. I'm just so tired of-of missing him. I'm tired of wondering why hasn't he called. Why hasn't he called!
Monica: What are you the memory woman?
Monica: Hi.
Monica: Oh, they-they sent me home.
Monica: Because I don't work at the Szechwan Dragon.
Monica: I know I do.
Monica: Richard's living room, drinking wine.
Monica: I'm sorry, but that's my happy place.
Monica: All right, I'll try not to.
Monica: Do you think breaking up with him was a huge mistake?
Monica: I'll bet he's totally over me, I'll bet he's fine.
Monica: Okay, this isn't working. I'm still awake and now I have to pee.
Monica: (crying) So, I went down to the post office, and it turns out it was those videos that I ordered for Richard about the Civil War. He loved the Civil War.
Monica: Uh, huh. (to Ross) Or maybe to a galaxy far, far away. (Rachel, Monica, and Phoebe leave)
Monica: Hi, Dad, what are you doing here?
Monica: I don't, I just, I just like the smell of them. So, uh, what are you really doing here Dad?
Monica: What makes you think that I might not be okay?
Monica: Oh.
Monica: I'm fine, just a little tired, I'm okay. How's Richard doing?
Monica: No, I really, really do.
Monica: Really!
Monica: You're not just saying that are you?
Monica: Was he crying?
Monica: Well, do you think he was waiting 'til after you left, so he could cry?
Monica: I think so.
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica: Hey, look at me. I'm making jam, been at it since 4 o'clock this morning.
Monica: Went down to the docks. Bet ya didn't know you could get it wholesale.
Monica: I'm going into business people. I'm sick and tired of being depressed about Richard. I needed a plan, a plan to get over my man. What's the opposite of man? Jam. (sees Joey trying some jam from the pot) Oh Joey don't! It's way to hot. (Joey realizes this and spits what he had in his mouth back into the pot.)
Monica: (entering) Hey guys.
Monica: Joey, this is for you. (gives him a jar of jam) It's blackberry curin.
Monica: Joey, take your time with that. That's my last batch.
Monica: I figured out I need to charge seventeen bucks a jar just to break even. So, I've got a new plan now. Babies.
Monica: I'm talking about me having a baby.
Monica: Yeah. The great thing about the jam plan was, I was taking control of my life. So I asked myself, what is the most important thing to me in the world and that's when I came up with the baby plan. 
Monica: It took me 28 years to find one man that I wanna spend my life with, if I have to wait another 28 years then, I'll be 56 before I can have a baby, and that's just stupid.
Monica: I don't need an actual man, just a couple of his best swimmers. And there, there are places you can go to get that stuff.
Monica: (entering from her bedroom) Okay, sperm donor number 03815, come on down! Okay, he's 6'2", 170 pounds, and he describes himself as a male Geena Davis.
Monica: You're gonna what?
Monica: What?! Why? Why is this crazy? So this isn't the ideal way to something....
Monica: Lips moving, still talking. I mean it may not be ideal, but I'm so ready. No, I-I-I see the way Ben looks at you. It makes me ache, you know?
Monica: Okay, all right, how's this? 27. Italian-American guy. He's an actor, born in Queens. Wow, big family, seven sisters, and he's the only....boy. (they all turn and look at Joey) Oh my God, under personal comments: 'New York Knicks, rule!'
Monica: Joey, this is you!
Monica: Well, honey, it is pretty competitive. I mean I've got an actual rocket scientist here.
Monica: I think, that if you really like this guy, you should just trust him.
Monica: Oh, that's what I would do, forget mine.
Monica: Hey.
Monica: To the bank.
Monica: Sperm.
Monica: Oh yeah, picked a guy, 37135. 
Monica: 'Fraid so. Brown hair, green eyes...
Monica: What?
Monica: Really? Why?
Monica: Hoyt?
Monica: Really, is he a swimmer?
Monica: I like that. (Joey starts laughing) What?
Monica: We do not have one of those signs.
Monica: Two girls and a boy?
Monica: And, and, and they wear those little water wings, you know. And they're, they're running around on the deck. Then Hoyt wraps this big towel around all three of them.
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: Perhaps, you would like me to turn like this, (turns sideways on the couch) so that you can bunny bump against my back.
Monica: See, now this is why I keep notepads everywhere.
Monica: Oh, now you want a pad.
Monica: (entering from her bedroom) I gotta go to work. Has anybody seen my left boob?
Monica: There it is. Joey, what are you doing?
Monica: What is it with you people! I mean, the minute you start to feel something, you have to run away?
Monica: Oh, you mean like that guy thing where you act mean and distant until you get us to break up with you.
Rachel and Monica: Uff.
Monica: That is never good.
Rachel and Monica: Ohh! (both grab there stomachs in pain)
Monica: Welcome to our side of the tunnel.
Monica: You know, when you start get screwed over all the time, you gotta switch to low-fat.
Monica: Well, no, not at all, you're not terminal, you just, you just need some damage control.
Rachel and Monica: Nooo!
Monica: She has to know that your not ready.
Monica: My God! Chandler, we said be 'aloof' not 'a doof'.
Monica: You know what, everything's gonna be okay. 
Monica: If-if-if we ever did what you did a man would never call.
Monica: Oh wait, you know what, I got it, I got it, pretend like you just woke up, okay, that will throw her off. Be sleepy.
Monica: Aw, it's soo unfair. (they both start digging into the 'good' ice cream)
Monica: What are you being such a weenie for? So he has a Barbi, big deal. You used to dress up like a woman.
Monica: Well, you used to dress up in Mom's clothes all the time.
Monica: The big hat, the pearls, the little pick handbag.
Monica: How can you not remember? You made us call you...Bea. 
Monica: Wasn't there a little song?
Monica: (singing) 'I am Bea.'
Monica: 'I drink tea.'
Monica: '....Won't you, won't you, won't you.... '
Monica: A-ha!!! (they all start laughing, as Ross hides in the bathroom)
Young Monica: (entering the shot) Ross!!! (starts to wipe up the spill)
Monica: No, but he told me, he thinks your a fox.
Monica: So, Chandler, who’s on your list?
Monica: First, I need a boyfriend, then I can have a list.
Monica: Hey! Where ‘ya headin’ in those pants? 1982?
Monica: Why, what’s wrong with my bathroom floor?
Monica: I highly doubt that. (they both go to the bathroom)
Monica: I can’t live like this! What are we gonna do? What are we gonna do?
Monica: That’s a little more than I wanted to see.
Monica: I can’t leave it! You gouged a hole in my dingy floor.
Monica: You know that’s nice, y'know we could put it back there after the surgeons remove it from your colon!
Monica: What kind of karate is that?
Monica: So how’s it going with you guys?
Monica: Oh honey, we’re close now but you-you wouldn’t believe the years of-of nugies, and wedgies, and flying wedgies, and atomic wedgies, and....(Phoebe shakes her head like she doesn’t understand) That’s where the waistband actually goes over your head. 
Monica: Oh, we used to drive each other crazy playing the shadow game.
Monica: Oh, how do you play the shadow game?
Monica: I just asked you.
Monica: No, that is what the game is.
Monica: What’s the matter?
Monica: He’s retiling my floor. (they both run to the bathroom)
Monica: Ah-ah-ah, now you started this, you will finish it.
Monica: It’s beautiful! It’s like the first bathroom floor there ever was. (Chandler tries to go to the bathroom) Whoa! Are you going in there for?
Monica: And who laminated it?
Monica: Are you serious? (they all look) Oh my God.
Monica: Why? ‘Cause otherwise you’d go for it?
Monica: Rach, are you really gonna let him do this?
Monica: (entering from bedroom) Okay, I’ll be back in just a minute. Oh, Phoebe I’m sorry that I left lipstick marks on the phone.
Monica: Oh, then it must’ve been you. Bye. (leaves)
Monica: (entering) Ross (who has his foot on the coffee table), foot on the floor or come over no more!
Monica: What?
Monica: Hi.
Monica: Hey-hey-hey. You wanna hear something that sucks.
Monica: Chris says they’re closing down the bar.
Monica: Yeah, apparently they’re turning it into some kinda coffee place.
Monica: Got me.
Monica: Hey, did you pick a roommate?
Monica: Is it the Italian guy?
Monica: He’s so cute.
Monica: Oh look, the pool table’s free. Rack ‘em up. I’ll be back in just a minute. Get ready for me to whip your butt.
Monica: Oh my God, I went to high school with her. (to Rachel) Rachel! Hi!
Monica: Oh my God, you can’t even see where the Titanic hit it.
Monica: Awww, just like you always wanted. Congratulations
Monica: Aww, not right now.
Monica: I know.
Monica: So, I’ll get-get back to my friend.
Monica: Oh, that’d be great.
Monica: Thanks.
Monica: Bye! (to Chandler) Ten bucks says, I never see that woman again in my life.
Monica: What are you doing with the lamp?
Monica: Oh, well don’t take it to the same place you took the stereo, ‘cause they’ve had that thing for over a week.
Monica: Hi, again.
Monica: Thank you soo, much.
Monica: You want some help with that?
Monica: Whoa! Are you okay?
Monica: It’s the heat. (has her hand on his chest, and then pulls it away) And-and the humidity.
Monica: Do you wanna come in for some lemonade?
Monica: Thank you. Just make yourself comfortable.
Monica: This place is really my Grandmother’s. (Joey starts to take off all of his clothes, while Monica gets the glasses and pours the lemonade.) I got it from her when she moved to Florida, otherwise I could never afford a place like this. So if the landlord ever asks, I’m 87 year old woman, who’s afraid of her VCR. So are you thirsty?
Monica: (turning around) Okay, here’s your penis!
Monica: Oh my God!!! What are you doing?!!
Monica: So?!
Monica: Yeah huh!! Cover yourself up!
Monica: I don’t believe this! When someone asks you in for lemonade, and to you that means they wanna have sex?
Monica: It’s okay. I suppose it could happen to anyone, not anyone I know, but... By the way I can still see it.
Monica: Pheebs?
Monica: Where’s your bed?
Monica: What?
Monica: What are you talking about?
Monica: Everybody knows!
Monica: Well, you-you coulda just turned the cushion over.
Monica: What?!?!
Monica: You can spill. In the sink.
Monica: I love you, too. 
Monica: What? I’m just said.
Monica: Hey.
Monica: (all depressed) Help yourself.
Monica: Phoebe moved out.
Monica: I don’t understand, I mean am I so hard to live, is this why I don’t have a boyfriend?
Monica: Well, I think so.
Monica: I know, it is isn’t it?
Monica: Yeah! And I got it on sale, too.
Monica: Well, if you wanna get a drink later we can.
Monica: I know. Thanks. (Chandler leaves)
Monica: Hey, are you okay?
Monica: Oh good, another dinosaur story. When are those gonna become extinct?
Monica: I was always Joanne.
Monica: I know! And four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set, who cares about the divorce, those babies will sell themselves. (they all stare at her) And I’m appalled for you by the way.
Monica: What’s the part?
Monica: Not at these prices.
Monica: (lying down on a mattress) Oh! Ohhhhh! Oh! Phoebe, come here. Aw, this is my new bed. You gotta feel this bad boy.
Monica: (sees the bed) What’s this?
Monica: This is not the bed I ordered!
Monica: Phoebe!
Monica: Why is this car in my bedroom?
Monica: When did I sign for it?
Monica: Did you make brownies today?
Monica: (to Phoebe) Quick, take off your dress, he won’t notice the bed.
Monica: Sometimes I have bad dreams. (starts to break down, and Phoebe offers her, her hand to comfort her.)
Monica: Joey, you’re this guy’s teacher. I mean how could you do this?
Monica: Yeah, I talked to you on the phone, I’m the lady that got stuck with the racecar bed.
Monica: You guys, Joey just saw Janice kissing her ex-husband.
Monica: So, do you want me to watch Ben for you?
Monica: Here. Ben, do you wanna play the airplane game, do you wanna show Rachel? Come here. (takes Ben) We’re gonna do something fun. Okay. (throws Ben up in the air a little bit and catches him) Weee!! (moves into the living room and does it again) Weee!! (starts to walk back into the kitchen as she does it again, and hits Ben’s head on that wooden beam across the ceiling.)
Monica: (to Ben) Who’s so brave, you’re so brave, yes you are, you’re so brave.
Monica: He’s not gonna say anything, because we’re not gonna tell him.
Monica: No we’re not.
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Oh my God! Well push it in! Push it in!
Monica: Okay, we’re gonna need a distraction.
Monica: I got it!
Monica: The second that Ross walks in that door, I want you take him back to your bedroom and do whatever it is that you do that makes him go, (high pitched) rweee!!
Monica: A hat! Yes! We need a hat.
Monica: Where are we gonna find a tiny little hat?
Monica: Because he’ll know what to do? (Rachel comes out of her room with a bear that’s dressed in a rain suit.) Oh my God, you’re a genius!
Monica: Give it. Give it.
Monica: It just makes more sense as an ensemble.
Monica: Besides, it takes the focus off the hat.
Monica: Sure, we have no money, go ahead.
Monica: Oh my God! He just said my name! Did you hear that?
Monica: Did he just say ‘Monica bang’?
Monica: Oh my God! He’s gonna rat me out!
Monica: Oh-ho-ho, sweetie, sweetie, you gotta stop saying that, now. It’s no big deal, it’s not even worth mentioning, you see we all do it all the time. See watch this, Ben, Ben, Ben. (goes over and starts hitting her head on the post) Ow, Monica bang! (does it again) Everybody bang. (repeats) Ben bang. (repeats) Rachel bang. (repeats) Bang, Rachel bang! Oh, isn’t that fun?
Monica: You okay?
Monica: Okay, Ben, I won’t tell your daddy that you had ice cream for dinner, if you don’t tell about our little bonking incident.
Monica: Oh that’s right, that’s what I’d sound like if I exploded.
Monica: All right, we should call somebody.
Monica: How are we gonna do that? There’s no way.
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: No. Why?
Monica: Really?!
Monica: Oh my God, I wrecked your baby!! (runs into the bedroom)
Monica: (coming out of the bedroom) You jerk! You know how much I love that kid! (starts to chase Ross around the living room)
Monica: And yet, we’re still poking him.
Monica: Okay, Rachel, you wanna put the marshmellows in concentric circles.
Monica: Every year.
Monica: Well, every, every Thanksgiving um, we used to have a touch football game called the ‘Geller Bowl.’
Monica: Anyway, Ross and I were always captains, and um, it got kind’ve competitive and one year, Geller Bowl VI, I accidentally broke Ross’s nose.
Monica: To score the winning touchdown, by the way.
Monica: (to Chandler and Joey) I won the game.
Monica: Y'know what, I think we should play a game. I mean come on, it’s been twelve years.
Monica: (shouting) Once!!
Monica: Okay. Let’s bring it in.
Monica: Well, why don’t we just bunny up.
Monica: Okay, looks like Ross and I are captains. Okay, so um, I bunnied first so that means I get to pick first. Joey.
Monica: Phoebe.
Monica: All right people listen, I’ve got exactly twenty-eight minutes before I have to baste again.
Monica: Huddle up.
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Okay, Phoebe you know what you’re doing right?
Monica: Okay, Joey’s gonna catch it, and you and I are gonna block.
Monica: Phoebe, I thought you said you know what you’re doing?
Monica: Break.
Monica: Score!! 7 to nothing!
Monica: Losers walk!
Monica: Come on guys! Let’s go! Come on, it’s second down.
Monica: No it’s not, it’s second.
Monica: Wow, what?
Monica: Pulling what? It’s second down.
Monica: I heard that!
Monica: All right, come on guys, let’s go! Tie score, and we’re runnin’ out of time. Forty-two!! Thirty-eight!! Hike! (the timer sounds as Monica throws the ball to Phoebe.)
Monica: Run, Phoebe, run!
Monica: After the snap!
Monica: Does so count!
Monica: Y'know what, that’s fine, maybe you haven’t grown up, but I have.
Monica: Dead leg!! (kicks him in the thigh.)
Monica: No! Listen, I’m not gonna go through this with you again, okay. Just once I wanna beat when you can’t blame it on the broken nose, the buzzer, or the fact that you thought you were getting mono. Let’s just call this, tie score and it’s halftime.
Monica: Y'know what? I’ll think you’ll play.
Monica: Because the winner gets this!
Monica: When Mom and Dad drove you to the hospital to get your nose fixed, I swam into the lake and fished it out.
Monica: No it’s not! You want it, you’re gonna have to win it!
Monica: Come on Phoebe, let’s go! Come on, it’s time to get serious, huddle up. Joey, keep your head in the game.
Monica: All right look, if I take Chandler out of the running will you be able to focus?
Monica: All right, you just make sure that Chandler catches the ball, I’ll take care of the rest.
Monica: Break!
Monica: Whoa! Whoa!! Tackled by a girl! Bet ya don’t see that everyday, do ya?
Monica: What?! I just touched him and he went over.
Monica: Forty-two to twenty-one! Like the turkey, Ross is done!
Monica: You’re so pathetic! Why can’t you just accept it, we’re winning because I’m better than you.
Monica: Oh, what a great argument, exhaling! All right, y'know what, I’ll prove it to you, okay. I’ll trade you Joey for Rachel, and I’ll still win the game.
Monica: Oh, then bring it on! Oh, unless of course your afraid you might lose to a bunch of girls.
Monica: Come on Rach, come on. Let’s see what’s it like to be on a winning team for a change.
Monica: All right then.
Monica: Are we playing football or what? Come on you hairy-backed Marries.
Monica: We have to do this. We are playing for women everywhere. Okay, just think about every lousy date that you ever had, okay, every guy who kept on the TV while you’re making out...
Monica: Come on, okay, come on this is for all womankind. Let’s kill ‘um!
Monica: All right, we still have a minute and a half to go, and we’re down by two points. Two points.... (she gets interrupted by the guys, who are doing a slow-motion high five.) Phoebe you do a button-hook again. Rachel, you go long.
Monica: Honey, there’s a reason.
Monica: All right Rachel, you sweep behind, I’ll pitch it to you, you throw it down field to Phoebe. All right. Break.
Monica: Thirty-two! Seventy-one! Hike!
Monica: No! I’m not okay!
Monica: Come on! Come on! Hurry! We’re running out of time! Huddle up!
Monica: All right, Phoebe get open. Rachel, go long.
Monica: Break!
Monica: Let go! I’m a tiny little woman!!
Monica: Ow!!
Monica: Let go!
Monica: No!
Monica: I don’t know. I guess the other people just don’t care enough.
Monica: Let go!
Monica: You broke a little girl’s leg?!!
Monica: Maybe a Hello Kitty doll, the ability to walk...
Monica: All right, I’ll take one box of the mint treasures, just one, and that’s it. I-I started gaining weight after I joined the Brown Birds. (to Ross) Remember, how Dad bought all my boxes and I ate them all?
Monica: No.
Monica: Don’t, don’t, don’t, don’t, don’t do this.
Monica: (she reaches out for it and stops) Oh God! I gotta go! (runs out)
Monica: (comes up and starts looking through Ross’s cookie supply) Ross, but me down for another box of the mint treasures, okay. Where, where are the mint treasures?
Monica: What?
Monica: No. No, just, just, just a couple more boxes. It-it-it’s no big deal, all right, I’m-I’m cool. You gotta help me out with a couple more boxes!
Monica: (covers her neck) Oh God! (runs to the bathroom)
Monica: Christmas cookie?
Monica: (entering) Hey, guys. I’m here to pick out my Christmas tree.
Monica: Is this the one that I threw out last year?
Monica: Oh honey, is that ‘cause your Mom died around Christmas?
Monica: Oh. (turns and looks at Joey, who gives a ‘way-to-go’ thumbs up and smile.)
Joey and Monica: (jumping up from behind the couch) Merry Christmas!!
Monica: Um-mm.
Monica: Wow. Joey, (sarcastically) how do you do it?
Monica: He took up the carpet, and now you can hear everything.
Monica: I have like five times, but the guy is so charming, that I go up there to yell and then I end up apologizing to him.
Monica: All right, be my guest.
Monica: Honey, what’s the matter?
Monica: It’s Joey’s birthday.
Monica: Sush!! I cannot believe she is still up there.
Monica: I know honey, I’m sorry.
Monica: (gives her a look) Gee, I don’t know Rach. Order up!! I got a Yentel soup, a James Beans, and a Howdy hold the Dowdy!
Monica: Hey Gunther. Hi. (to Phoebe) I mean you’re going out on a date with the noisy guy upstairs?
Monica: I know, he’s too charming, but if you two start going out, then it’s just gonna make it so much harder for me to hate him.
Monica: Joey, where are the Jell-o shots?
Monica: (to Chandler) Stick out your tongue.
Monica: Oh my!!
Monica: How hammered are you? Huh? These, these are Joey’s sisters.
Monica: Hi.
Monica: Isn’t that great?
Monica: Oh, he is. And he is so dreamy. I mean, y'know what, when he left I actually used the phrase, ‘Hummina-hummina-hummina.’ (walks away)
Monica: How ya feelin’?
Monica: What is the worse part?
Monica: Are you insane? I mean Joey, is going to kill you, he’s actually going to kill you dead.
Monica: I mean, was it Gina?
Monica: No, no, no, that’s Dina.
Monica: That was me.
Monica: That’s okay.
Monica: Y'know which one was she again?
Monica: No honey, I’m sorry, but the weekend’s not over yet.
Monica: I guess they’re back from their date.
Monica: Oh my God!
Monica: I am good. I finished my book.
Monica: I don’t remember. Do you wanna take a walk?
Monica: Wait a minute, why don’t you just call Mark. (they both look up in shock) I mean, who says you have to sit here and wait for him, you’ve got to make stuff happen.
Monica: (to Ross) Honey, it’s not pushy, he gave her his home number.
Monica: Yay!
Monica: Oh, that is amazing!
Monica: What?
Monica: Are you crazy?!
Monica: What?! Ross y'know this isn’t even about you! I mean this is about Rachel and something wonderful happening for her. I mean you know even if you’re right, what if he wants to sleep with her, does it mean he gets too?
Monica: I mean don’t you trust her?
Monica: Then get over yourself! Grow up!
Monica: So ah, Phoebe, how was your date?
Monica: Yeah, I do know.
Monica: Y'know if it’s any consolation, he really did sound like he was having more fun with you. (Rachel nods in agreement)
Monica: Please, I'm not going for anything. 
Monica: Would you please go? 
Monica: Look Julio, someone left their book here. 
Monica: Oh yeah, what are you reading? 
Monica: Have I read it? (pause) No, are you enjoying it? 
Monica: Your a poet and don't know it. (she turns away and makes a face like 'I can't believe I just said that.') 
Monica: Oh, then you do know it. (pause) So um what kind of things do you write about? 
Monica: Mine? (points to her lower lip) Right here? 
Monica: How would that go? (they kiss) Well, it didn't rhyme, but I liked it. 
Monica: (entering) Hi! 
Monica: It was soo amazing, he is so sexy, and smart, which makes him even sexier. Oh gosh, I gotta so you this. Last night, we were fooling around and he stops to write a poem. 
Monica: Anyway um, when he left he forgot to take the poem with him. Now, I am like totally dense about poetry, but I think it's pretty good all right. Check it out. (hands them the poem) 
Monica: Oh good, I think so too. Pheebs? 
Monica: Oh, I'm so glad you guys like it. Yay! All right I gotta go to work. (tries to take the poem) 
Monica: All right, just give it back to me when your done. See you guys. 
Monica: Hey. 
Monica: Oh-ho, look what I got Julio. 
Monica: Yeah, just like the one in the poem. 
Monica: What do you mean? 
Monica: (to Julio) So! I'm just an empty vase, huh? 
Monica: Y'know, so I don't read as many important books as you do, and I don't write trick poems that seem to be about one thing but are actually about something else. And y'know what, I get excited about stupid stuff, like when I my People magazine comes on Saturday, and the new Hold Everything catalog. Y'know but that does not mean that I'm empty, I care about things. I care about my friends and family. You have no right to make that kind of judgment about me. 
Monica: You don't even know me... 
Monica: What? 
Monica: I'm sorry, my friend Phoebe... 
Monica: (sarcastically) Oh yeah. 
Monica: (to clerk) Hi.
Monica: Six? I just had it for one night. It’s three.
Monica: Y'know in a weird way, you have too much power. Look, you’re gonna have to help me out here, ‘cause I only have three.
Monica: Oh my God. Richard? (turns around) Hi!
Monica: Wow! Your lip went bald. (Richard pays the clerk) Hey, thanks.
Monica: Right.
Monica: What?
Monica: (removes them) That’s because I-I was just grabbing some things out of the dryer, and it’s static cling. Or maybe it’s just that God knew I’d be running into you and saw an opportunity.
Monica: It’s good to see you too.
Monica: You see that guy? He’s in classics now, but y'know as soon as we leave he’s going straight to the porn.
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: Me too.
Monica: Oh, um, I don’t know if that’s a good idea.
Monica: No, I just I think that it’s too soon.
Monica: (entering from her bedroom) Morning.
Monica: Yeah well, I ran into Richard. 
Monica: Oh, um, around 8:02. We ah, talked for a little while, and then um, we went out for an innocent burger.
Monica: Tomorrow night.
Monica: It’s not a date, okay. I’m just gonna teach him how to make lasagne for some pot luck dinner he has.
Monica: We’re not gonna have sex! Okay, nothing’s changed here. He still doesn’t want children and I still do, so that’s why we’re just gonna be friends.
Monica: You say ‘Thank you very much,’ and then you buy me something pretty. Come on, we’re gonna put are hands in this bowl, and we’re gonna start squishing the tomatoes.
Monica: You touch people’s eyeballs every day and this feels weird.
Monica: Oops.
Monica: Gotta keep squishing.
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Oh, gosh, you got some on your shirt. 
Monica: Hold on a second, just put a little club soda on it (does so) and it should umm, be..... 
Monica: Umm, you’ve got some on your pants.
Monica: So, how’d the lasagne go over? (listens) Really?! Good. So you owe me three pretty things. (listens) Yeah, I’ve been thinking a lot about you too. (listens) I know. It’s hard this whole platonic thing. (listens) It’s a word!
Monica: Yeah, I do think it’s better this way. (listens) Yeah, we’re being smart. (gets up to answer the door) (listens) Yes, I’m sure.(she opens the door and it’s Richard)
Monica: I’ll call you back. (starts kissing him)
Monica: So we can be friends who sleep together.
Monica: Sounds smart and healthy to me. So um, just out of curiosity, um, do you currently have any other racquetball buddies?
Monica: Oh.
Monica: No! (pushes him) No! 
Monica: ‘Cause if you do that means you’d be cancelling it for me, and we’re just friends.
Monica: Hi.
Monica: You would not believe my day! I had to work two shifts, and then to top it off, I lost one of my fake boobs, (opens her coat revealing a large burn mark over her left breast.) in a grill fire.
Monica: What are you smiling at?
Monica: Yeah, right.
Monica: I love this friend thing!
Monica: Ow!
Monica: Oh my God! Oh my God! (She frantically tries to clean up the bedroom as Richard starts the tour.)
Monica: (still hiding under the blankets) So um, who was she?
Monica: (still hiding under the blankets) Did you like her? And I’m just asking as a friend, because I am totally fine with this.
Monica: (gets up) Okay, y'know what, I’m not fine, I’m not. I mean how can I be fine, hearing you come in with her, she wants to see your bedroom.... (pause) Y'know what, what if we’re friends who don’t see other people?
Monica: Why not?! I mean this has been the most amazing week. Would it be so terrible? Even if we were friends who lived together. Or, maybe someday friends who stood up in front of their other friends, and vowed to be friends forever.
Monica: That’s not true, you don’t have a moustache.
Monica: Y'know what, I’ve got to walk out of here right now, ‘cause getting over you is the hardest thing that I have ever had to do. I don’t think I could do it again.
Monica: How ‘bout one last game of racquetball?
Monica: Watch the thorns!
Monica: (to Phoebe) Look at you. All jealous.
Monica: Yeah, sure.
Monica: Y'know those are a delicacy in India.
Monica: Wow, she must have hurt you pretty bad, huh?
Monica: Oh, you two must have been so cute running around on a barge.
Phoebe and Monica: Hey.
Monica: No, umm, he met some girl at the coffee house.
Monica: Yeah, Ginger something.
Monica: No, it was Ginger. I remember, because when he told me, I said, (singing) ‘the movie star.’
Monica: Well, what did you do?
Monica: Y'know what, don’t tell us. We’ll just wait until Chandler gets home, (to Phoebe) because it’ll be more fun that way.
Monica: You gave her food poisoning!?
Monica: Oh my God! Joey, what did you do after you threw her leg on the fire?
Monica: Y'know they say a watched pot never beeps.
Monica: Phoebe why don’t you just call her? You obviously want to.
Monica: Well, don’t ‘cha wanna?
Monica: Okay, well I do know you.
Monica: Well so?
Monica: (entering) Hi!
Monica: Oh, can I borrow this? (points to his milk) My milk’s gone bad.
Monica: So umm, how was your date with Ginger?
Monica: Sounds like she’s got the ah, whole package.
Monica: Uh-huh.
Monica: Sorry, Pheebs.
Monica: We’d love too.
Monica: Wow! It’s like Rachel in High School.
Monica: Come on! Come on, I was kidding! It was such an obvious joke!
Monica: I won’t give you anything, but you’ll owe me 2.95.
Monica: Why? (in a motherlike tone) Do you have a report due?
Monica: Okay, let’s start with the free messages outside the UN.
Monica: Wow! You might just get the first Nobel prize in rubbing. So what country is this guy from?
Monica: Where’s that?
Monica: I don’t have an atlas.
Monica: Oh, but wait I do have a globe.
Monica: Hold on.
Monica: ‘Kay, here you go. (Hands her this tiny little globe.)
Monica: It’s a globe and, a pencil sharpener.
Monica: Oh, no thanks.
Monica: Well, if you don’t have anything to copy, why are you going down there?
Monica: Wow! It’s small.
Monica: So you had fun, huh?
Monica: No.
Phoebe and Monica: Hey.
Monica: Oh no, she’s still at work, but she told me to tell you to call her.
Monica: All right ah, Ross, this is the extent of my knowledge on the subject. (holds up a notepad) Call Rachel.
Monica: Oh that’s my doodle of a ladybug, with a top hat. (to Phoebe) She’s fancy.
Monica: Yeah, well kinda cute, like really kinda cute, or kinda cute like your friend Spackel Back Larry?
Monica: Oh, and I can also speak a little French. Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir? (Mischa laughs) Why? What did I say?
Monica: Oh my God! No wonder I get such great service at Cafe Maurice.
Monica: I’m also thinking about opening up my own restaurant.
Monica: Well, I was having a conversation.
Monica: What do you want me to do? Just sit here silently while you three have a conversation?
Monica: Oh. (to Phoebe) Can I have a tissue?
Monica: Hey, the man’s dog just died.
Monica: It will be my pleasure. (to Phoebe) My guy has diplomatic coupons. Your guy can’t even say coupons. (they leave)
Monica: Hey.
Monica: How’s the big anniversary dinner?
Monica: Ohhh, nice.
Monica: What?! (She accidentally starts the blender without the lid on it and fruit flies everywhere.)
Monica: That’s okay, this is more important than fruit (pause) (angrily) on my ceiling! You broke up?!
Monica: Oh no!! 
Monica: Rachel, you and Mark?!
Monica: Hey.
Monica: Oh, there’s banana on it.
Monica: So then you know? (Phoebe nods her head)
Monica: Oh, good. Thanks.
Monica: Okay, all right don’t judge me to much. Okay? Um, but I saw this info-mercial, and um, I swear to you I have never-ever bought anything on TV before, except for this mop. But there was this stuff on leg waxing, it just, it looked so amazing....
Monica: Yes! Have you seen it?
Monica: I know!!
Monica: Hello! Organic substances recently discovered in the depths of the rain forest!
Monica: Did that!
Monica: Okay. (Does so.) Ow!!!!! Ow-oh-oh!
Monica: No. It was painful. Oh my God , they should call it Pain-zine, now with a little wax.
Monica: That’s because their nerves are probably deadened from being so stupid. But hey, y'know if you don’t believe me, please, by my guest.
Monica: Now, are you glad we didn’t start with the bikini strips?
Monica: Ow!
Monica: Ow!! Ow!!
Monica: It’s okay, it’s okay.
Monica: We were just waxing our legs.
Monica: That’s right.
Monica: What?
Monica: (going over to listen at the door) Rachel said everything was okay.
Monica: Oh my God.
Monica: Oh!! (hits Chandler and Joey in the head) You guys knew about this and you didn’t tell us?!
Monica: (stopping him) What, what are you doing? You can’t go out there.
Monica: Because they’ll know we’ve been listening.
Monica: What if they don’t?
Monica: Hey. It’s three in the morning. They don’t know that I’ve come home yet. You notice how neither one of them are wondering where I am.
Monica: Guys. I thought you were taking Ross to the game?
Monica: No! Rachel is meeting us here.
Monica: It’s never taken you more than a shower to get over a relationship.
Monica: (seeing her) Okay, let’s go!! Let’s hit the road!!
Monica: Let’s get the show on it! 
Monica: Oh Rachel, I know the best coffee house and it’s sooo close.
Monica: We’re sorry honey.
Monica: Very bad.
Monica: Chandler!!
Monica: Weren’t you nine?!
Monica: We’re really sorry, but um, she did ask us first.
Monica: Noo! I’ll stay. He’s my brother.
Monica: No! We’re gonna have fun. We can make fudge!
Monica: Why? Do you think he’s still mad at us?
Monica: No Chandler no! No unscheduled stops. You can go when we stop for gas.
Monica: What?
Monica: Ow!
Monica: (getting out) No, Rachel never pees in public restrooms.
Monica: So, if you’re parents hadn’t got divorced, you’d be able to answer a question like a normal person?
Monica: What?!
Monica: Please!!
Monica: These tiny, little non-breasts?! Please, it’s gotta be Rachel.
Monica: All right then, your bra would still be big.
Monica: Chandler!!
Monica: Freemont. West-Westmont, ah Westburg?
Monica: Who? I mean have you seen a car come by here in the last hour and a half? I think we should call Ross, maybe he can get a car and come pick us up.
Monica: So the going for help went well?
Monica: Then why are you smoking?
Monica: (running over to stop Rachel) Hey Rach, the tampons here are only a penny. Let’s stock up. (takes her into the bathroom)
Monica: (reading the sign) What’s ‘pleh’?
Monica: Huh. What’s doofus spelled backwards?
Monica: I know, what about Rachel? I mean how are we even gonna ask her?
Monica: Umm, if ah, it might be okay if Ross came skiing?
Monica: Here we go again.
Monica: (shyly) I don’t know.
Monica: What I said was, was that I understood. Joey’s the one who agreed with you!
Monica: All right, we’ll call you when we get back.
Monica: (to Joey) What’s so funny?
Monica: Oh. (she laughs)
Monica: Yeah, ah, but Pheebs don’t you think he’s a little young to get married?
Monica: So, um, how-how did you guys meet?
Monica: And y'know what, I just realised, in the last year I’ve only gone out with two guys, Richard and Julio. You gotta help me out here, you gotta set me up, you gotta get me back in the game.
Monica: (to a customer) Pete, can I get you something else?
Monica: Haven’t you and I covered that topic?
Monica: Aww, the only reason you want to go out with me because my blond wig, and the big boobs, and the fact that I serve you food.
Monica: I mean really, think about it.
Monica: Nah, he doesn’t do anything for me.
Monica: Well, umm, Walker was looking for this big bus load of kids…. (realises) All right, I get your point.
Monica: Hey.
Monica: Uh, yeah.
Monica: Here you go.
Monica: As a joke, this customer at work who has a crush on me gave me a $20,000 tip. His number is on the check, he just did so I’d call him.
Monica: That’s Bill Clinton.
Monica: Oh my God! That’s Pete! But why is Bill huggin’ Pete?
Monica: I’m not gonna go out with him.
Monica: Or incredibly offensive.
Monica: What the hell is this? (holding up the check)
Monica: Seriously, what is this supposed to mean?
Monica: You’re supposed to double the tax. Not double the tax of Romania. I mean, what’s-what’s the deal? Are you, are you trying to buy me? Is this the way you get girls to go out with you?
Monica: What?!
Monica: Okay, umm, you’re a loon.
Monica: I don’t know.
Monica: ‘Cause I don’t want to encourage this kind of behaviour.
Monica: Guys, please, I’m just gonna have dinner with him. Okay?
Monica: I know!!
Monica: (opening the door) (to Pete) Hey!
Monica: And that’s why, I’m not inviting you in for a drink. (starts to leave) Bye.
Monica: (in the hallway) So, where do you want to go?
Monica: Oh, that’s sounds great.
Monica: Oh come on, it’s only fair, you paid for the flight. Now is, is that enough lire?
Monica: Why, how much is that?
Monica: Oh, this is so great.
Monica: All right then. (He leans in to kiss her goodnight, but she quickly kisses him on the cheek and pats his shoulder.) Bye.
Monica: Hello, people who do not live here.
Monica: I gave you a key for emergencies!
Monica: He’s great! I mean we have such a good time together! He’s so funny, and sooo sweet, and I’m not attracted to him at all!!
Monica: Noo!! It’s driving me crazy. I mean every other way he’s like the perfect guy, he has everything. Plus! He actually has everything.
Monica: Two.
Monica: Absolutely! (He goes to kiss her, but she stops him and rubs his head and says...) Now get out of here you!! (Pete leaves) (to the gang) Okay, I’m running out of places I can touch him! Look, is there something wrong with me? I mean why am I only attracted to guys where there’s no future? Either they’re too old, or they’re too young, and then there’s Pete who’s-who’s crazy about me, and who’s absolutely perfect for me, and there’s like zip going on! I mean, seriously, does it sound like something’s wrong with me?!
Monica: Sure.
Monica: (looks around) Well, with all these doctors and nurses, I’m gonna say, midget rodeo.
Monica: Okay. Umm, y'know, I don’t think, I don’t think I told you this, but umm, I just got out of a really serious relationship.
Monica: So I did tell you. Okay, y'know, that really isn’t the thing. Umm, the thing is that, right now I’m just in a place in my life where I need to focus on me. Y'know what I mean?
Monica: I so wanna be attracted to you.
Monica: I’m sorry.
Monica: It’s not?
Monica: Well, um, look I-I don’t want this to come our wrong, but ah, you seem awfully confident for a guy I just told I wasn’t attracted too.
Monica: Hey, Rach, how was work?
Monica: By the way, Ross dropped by a box of your stuff.
Monica: Something wrong?
Monica: Wow, you’re really crazy about her, huh?
Monica: Yes!! Yes! Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Monica: Oh, she was a cruel, cranky, old bitch! (Ross gives her a look) (to Ross) And I’m sorry she died. Did Dad say I get the dollhouse?
Monica: I get the dollhouse!
Monica: Y'know what, you can play with my dollhouse.
Monica: Any time you want. Y'know, when I was younger, all I wanted to do was to play with this dollhouse, but no!! It was to be looked at, but never played with.
Monica: Look at it! Ohhh! Wallpaper’s a little faded, that’s okay. Carpet’s a little loose. Hardwood floors!!
Monica: I know!!!
Monica: Okay.
Monica: What’s this?
Monica: Not one that can pee on the roof.
Monica: I don’t want a ghost.
Monica: Okay, Phoebe, y'know what? That-that’s it, that’s it, all right? No dinosaurs, no ghosts, no giant dogs, okay? They’re not the right size, they’re not Victorian, and they just don’t go.
Monica: It’s very interesting, Phoebe.
Monica: Hey, guys, guys, did you see my new, china cabinet?!
Monica: You’re kidding?! That’s great!
Monica: Oh my.
Monica: Come on Rach, when a guy says he’s going to call, it doesn’t mean he’s going to call. Hasn’t it ever happened to you?
Monica: Hmm, bite me.
Monica: (from the bathroom) I’m in the shower!
Monica: Oh, that’s okay. By the way, I was just checking the shower massager.
Monica: (runs over to her) I tried to reach you at work. There’s....been a fire.
Monica: Well, the giraffe’s okay. And so is the pirate.
Monica: Oh, some idiot customer put a suggestion in the suggestion box.
Monica: That was you?!
Monica: Hi! Hey, Pete you’re back! Hey, check this out. (She starts to skate over to him)
Monica: Wow! You’re a lot sturdier that Chandler. He crumpled like a piece of paper. So how was you’re trip?
Monica: Oh, what’d ya bring me?! (She opens the gift) Awww, hotel toiletries from Japan. Oh, these are gonna go in my permanent collection. You want some coffee?
Monica: (popping back up) Regular or decaf?
Monica: Okay. (hands him a cup)
Monica: So what did you do today Pete?
Monica: What?! Oh.(She turns around quickly and falls)
Monica: Can you believe he just offered me a restaurant?
Monica: I mean this has been like my dream since I got my first Easy Bake Oven and opened Easy Monica’s Bakery. I mean I would kill for this job. I mean I can totally do this job, and God knows I paid my dues. (She removes her fake breasts) But Pete’s just doing this because he has a crush on me.
Monica: Hmm, no. I mean how can I accept a restaurant from him? I-I-I-I can’t. I couldn’t even accept a necklace from Stu Vincent in the seventh grade.
Monica: Oh, please. 
Monica: What? Honey.
Monica: Oh God, I’m so sorry.
Monica: Oh God!
Monica: Oh absolutely. I like it even more on you than I did on Colonel Sanders. (Ross starts to leave) Ross! Ross! I’m kidding!
Monica: What-what was it you were gonna tell us? 
Monica: Okay. Here’s the thing.
Monica: I can’t do it. I’m sorry, I wish I could, but umm, see you have these feelings for me....
Monica: Huh?
Monica: Oh?
Monica: Oh, that’s great! I mean I’m-I’m sorry, but I’m so happy for you. And now I can work for you!
Monica: Oh my God! Oh, this is incredible! Ohh! (she rolls over and kisses him on the cheek) All right, y'know what? I’m just gonna roll right into that office and-and quit!
Monica: Okay. (she gets ready to go) Can you give me a little push?
Monica: (rolling towards the office) I’m quitting!! Woo-hoo! (She rolls through a doorway and out of sight. We then hear a big crash, and see Monica roll past the door the other way.) I’m okay!! I’m all right!!
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Hey, guess what I’m doing tonight.
Monica: I’m checking out the restaurant with Pete.
Monica: I know.
Monica: What?
Monica: Okay, but wouldn’t it be easier if you had to tell me something that you could tell me.
Monica: Okay. Does it have to do with Ross and Rachel?
Monica: Does it have to do with Joey?
Monica: Does it have to do with-with Chandler and that sock that he keeps by his bed?
Monica: Does it involve travel?
Monica: Does it involve clogs?
Monica: Clogs.
Monica: Claws?!
Monica: Okay, so it doesn’t involve Ross or Rachel or Chandler or Joey. But, what about Pete?
Monica: What is it?! What about Pete?
Monica: Okay, I feel like I’m talking to Lassie. All right, Phoebe would you just tell me!
Monica: Okay, I gotta go. (gets up)
Monica: Okay, does it involve something to do with Pete’s computer company?
Monica: I don’t believe this! Wow, look at this refrigerator! It’s gigantic! I mean I could live in this thing! I’d be cold, but I’m always cold. Oh my God, look at these spider burners! I love spider burners.
Monica: Oh, it is sooo perfect. Thank you so much. (runs over and hugs him)
Monica: Did you just smell my hair?
Monica: Oh God.
Monica: You still have feelings for me don’t you?
Monica: Pete.
Monica: No, it’s not bad. It’s not bad at all. It’s-it’s really nice.
Monica: You may be okay about getting hurt, but I am not okay with being the one who hurts you. That’s why I can’t take this job.
Monica: And well, we probably shouldn’t see each other anymore. I’m sorry.
Monica: Okay, bye. 
Monica: All right shut up for a second and let me just see something. (She kisses him back on the lips) Oh, wow! (They then hug and kiss, very passionately.)
Monica: I need two. I’m bringing Pete. My boyfriend. I have a boyfriend now!
Monica: Really? Who’s number two?
Monica: Bye-bye!
Monica: Joey, what are you doing?! It’s never gonna happen, she’s seeing somebody.
Monica: (to Phoebe) Here you go. You can wear this. (hands her a sweater)
Monica: Uh-huh.
Monica: Phoebe?
Monica: All right. Honey, that’s-that’s a sleeve. Okay? 
Monica: And! We also have speaker phone. (She turns on the speaker phone.)
Monica: Okay, wait, you gotta hang up ‘cause we’re gonna be late.
Monica: Of course not.
Monica: There’s our star!
Monica: Hi!
Monica: Yeah, and in the long version, I dump him for telling people the short version.
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Yeah. Where were you?
Monica: You were the next caller five hours ago. You must be going crazy.
Monica: (entering from her bedroom) Pheebs, you’ve been up for 24 hours! Go to sleep, honey. Th-this isn’t healthy.
Monica: Hey! Didn’t you have that outfit on last night?
Monica: Anyway, how did it go with Kate?
Monica: Joey, you had the night! 
Monica: When two people finally realise their feelings for each other, and-and they talk for hours, and they-they learn all about the other person!
Monica: Did you like learn about her family?
Monica: Yes!!
Monica: Oh! (They hug, triumphantly.)
Monica: One.
Monica: We’re kidding!
Monica: Umm, going to the beach. When it stays light real late.
Monica: Phoebe, it’s been two days.
Monica: What?
Monica: (sarcastic) Oh.
Monica: Pete's breaking up with me.
Monica: I just checked my messages, and he said that when he gets back from Atlanta, we need to talk.
Monica: Well that's it. People never say `We need to talk' unless it's something bad.
Monica: Really?!
Monica: (starting to get up) I gotta go water Pete's plants. (stops) Y'know what, if he's gonna break up with me, maybe I won't water his plants.
Monica: Yeah. Which one do you like more?
Monica: Okay, this is the den. All right, check this out. Lights! (the lights turn on automatically, but are very bright) Whoa! All right. Less lights! Bad lights! Lights go away! (they dim) Oh, see you just need to find the right command.
Monica: No-no-no, that's a video-phone. But hey guys you're not supposed to be here, so please, do not touch anything.
Monica: I know.
Monica: Joey, put that down! (the phone rings) Oh my God! It's Pete. Okay, get out!! How the hell do you answer a video-phone! (steps in front of it, and automatically answers it)
Monica: I guess that's how.
Monica: Oh it’s umm, good! It's umm, it’s good, just here watering the plants.
Monica: Ahh, Pete, the other day when you said you needed to talk, umm, just so I know, is it good news or bad news.
Monica: Oh no-no-no, it's still me.
Monica: Oh, oh, okay umm, so I'll see you soon.
Monica: I love you.
Monica: Okay. Well, it's good news. It's good news.
Monica: Oh my.
Monica: And that's Pete's Mom. 
Monica: Would you stop? We’ve only been going out a couple of weeks, I mean we don’t even know if he’s gonna propose.
Monica: Well if-if that’s what it is, then it’s-it’s crazy.
Monica: Y'know when girls sleep with guys with weird things on their body, they tell their friends about it.
Monica: Brides magazines?
Monica: It is so weird, I know what I said, but uh, this morning, I was lying in bed I was, I was imagining what it would be like to say yes. (Rachel slams the magazine shut in amazement.) I know it’s a little sudden, and it’s a little rushed, and it’s totally not like me to do something like this, but that doesn’t mean I can’t. Right? I mean I’m-I’m crazy about Pete, and I know that we want the same things, and when I thought about saying yes, it made me really happy.
Monica: I know. (pause) I need more pie. (goes and gets some)
Monica: So then, are you going to dump Jason?
Monica: Ooh, nice.
Monica: Oh, right! I completely forgot about that.
Monica: Yeah?
Monica: Wow.
Monica: What’s that?
Monica: Okay. (not sure of herself)
Monica: You wanna what?!
Monica: What are you talking about?
Monica: And I suppose you used a ring designer for that.
Monica: My parents will be so happy.
Monica: (entering) Hey.
Monica: You’re not gonna believe this. Okay, so I go over...
Monica: So guys, listen, I go over there, and umm...
Monica: (Robin is speaking loudly again) I...
Monica: Forget it. (they all turn and listen to Billy and Robin)
Monica: (pause) I have no idea.
Monica: He didn’t ask me to marry him.
Monica: He wanted to tell me he’s gonna compete is some ultimate fighting competition thingy.
Monica: I don’t know exactly. It’s-it’s sorta like wrestling.
Monica: Yeah, but without the costumes.
Monica: So you can like, bite, and pull people’s hair and stuff?
Monica: What’s fish hooking?
Monica: I gotta tell ya, I think it’s okay to be that guy.
Monica: Okay, can we please go eat?
Monica: (to Chandler) Anything but stew.
Monica: (entering) Hi!
Monica: Hey, umm, so listen umm, my friends were telling me a little about this ah, ultimate fighting thing and it, well it sounds really dangerous. I-I don’t want you to get hurt, ‘cause I kinda like you.
Monica: Promise me you’ll be careful.
Monica: Hey, are we still on for tonight?
Monica: Okay, good, ‘cause umm, well maybe we could have a little workout of our own...
Monica: How ‘bout just a boom?
Monica: God Ross, what is that?
Monica: I love you, Pete!!!
Monica: (going up to the ring) Pete! Pete!! That guy’s pretty huge!
Monica: Hey! (she sits down next to him) It’s me. Mon-i-ca! Can I just tell you how proud I am of you.
Monica: I mean I-I thought you were nuts at first, but you-you did it. And now you can just look back at this thing with no regrets.
Monica: Well, you’re not gonna get going are you?
Monica: Well, no. But...
Monica: That guy stood on your neck until you passed out!
Monica: You didn’t know that already?
Monica: Okay, just get a lot better. (pause) Fast.
Monica: Yeah. That-that was the problem.
Monica: (joining them) Hey.
Monica: Oh, about five minutes. Right now they’re interviewing his opponent. Apparently he trains by going to Iran and pulling the arms off thieves.
Monica: Four, please. (Ross looks at her) I’m really nervous. (Ross gives her the four dogs) Thank you. (she grabs four buns, and heads back inside)
Monica: Please tell me you’re stopping now.
Monica: You are insane! You-you gotta give this up!
Monica: Sit down. All right? Please, just listen to me. You are terrible at this! Okay? You are the worst ultimate fighter ever! Ever!! 
Monica: Well then, y'know what? I care about you to much to watch you hurt yourself like this. So if you have to do this, then you’re gonna have to do it without me.
Monica: Then I’ve gotta go. Bye. (kisses him and starts to walk out)
Monica: Yes?
Monica: Really?!
Monica: Joey, she was listing the countries she’s done it in.
Monica: (watching a happy couple walk by, arm in arm) Would you look at them. Am I ever gonna find a boyfriend again? I gonna die an old maid.
Monica: (sarcastic) Thanks!
Monica: Yeah right.
Monica: You made a joke right? So I laughed.
Monica: Well, no. You’re Chandler. Y'know, Chandler! (hits him on the arm)
Monica: Well I’d probably be scared of a guy using a fake voice.
Monica: Oh, hey! Oh good, you brought food!
Monica: Seriously, where did you get the hat?
Monica: What’s with all this sand? (picking a handful of sand off of the floor, which is covered in sand)
Monica: What?!
Monica: What are you crazy?!
Monica: Aww, thank you.
Monica: (to Phoebe) So what’s Phoebe like?
Monica: Ah no, the other Phoebe, the one you went to go see.
Monica: Oh well, where is he?!
Monica: (gasps) Totally familiar. (Phoebe shows the rest of them.)
Monica: Well, why would she lie to you?
Monica: Strip Happy Days Game?
Monica: I think I’ll help her out. (She gets up to go over and help Rachel, and reveals she has no pants.) (to Rachel) What is going on here?
Monica: You painting his toenails?
Monica: Chasing him all around the room?
Monica: He’s totally flirting with you too.
Monica: Huh?
Monica: You didn’t even take off your pants.
Monica: What?
Monica: Like a log.
Monica: That’s that weird voice again.
Monica: (closing the fridge in disgust) Shoot! We’re out of soda.
Monica: Really?!
Monica: Sweety, what are you talking about?
Monica: Oh.
Monica: Ennnh.
Monica: (screaming in pain) Ow!! Ow!!!
Monica: Jellyfish sting! Oh, it hurts! It hurts!! It hurts!!
Monica: It’s like two miles!
Monica: Oh damn the jellyfish. Damn all the jellyfish!
Monica: What?! What is it?!
Monica: What?!! Gross!!
Monica: Well forget it! It doesn’t hurt that (tries to take a step) baaad!!!!
Monica: Nothing, I don’t know.
Monica: Nothing. I’m gonna take a shower.
Monica: Pass the cheese, please.
Monica: My God, you can’t even look at me! Can you?
Monica: What? We took a walk, nothing happened. I can back with nothing all over me.
Monica: (stopping him) No! Joey, we swore we’d never tell!
Monica: (interrupting) All right!! All right. (walks slowly into the living room) I got stung. Stung bad. I couldn’t stand. I-I couldn’t walk.
Monica: I was in too much pain.
Monica: You can’t say that!! You-you don’t know!! I mean I thought I was gonna pass out from the pain! Anyway I-I tried, but I-I couldn’t...bend that way. So... (looks at Joey.)
Monica: You bet.
Monica: Hey!!
Monica: (sets down some cards) Gin.
Monica: Will you stop!
Monica: Okay, all right, I think you’re great, I think you’re sweet, and you’re smart, and I love you. But you will always be the guy who peed on me.
Monica: Yesss!!
Monica: Shhh!
Monica: Chip, is Chip Matthews.
Monica: ‘Cause I ran into him at the bank, he is still soo cute.
Monica: I know!! (calls him) (on phone) Chip? Hi! It’s Monica. (listens) ‘Kay. (listens) ‘Kay. (listens) Okay. (listens) Okay, good-bye. (hangs up) Oh my God, we just had the best conversation!! (goes into her room as Rachel enters)
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Now? Is it okay if I go out with Chip Matthews?
Monica: What, that little thing at the prom?
Monica: Come on, that was back in high school! How could that still bother you?
Monica: Look, you and I went to different high schools...
Monica: You went to one where you were popular, and you got to ride off Chip’s motorcycle, and wear his letterman jacket. I went to one where I wore a band uniform they had to have specially made.
Monica: It was a project for one of the Home Ec classes.
Monica: Back then, I thought that I would never, ever get the chance to go out with a Chip Matthews, and now he’s-he’s called me up and asked me out. And the fat girl inside of me really wants to go. I-I owe her this. I never let her eat.
Monica: Oh, really?!
Monica: I’ll try.
Monica: Why can’t you use the phone in here?
Monica: Ross, don’t start.
Monica: Oh, but it’s made her so happy.
Monica: He is right, isn’t he?
Monica: Hi!
Monica: (sliding into Joey’s place on the couch to try and talk to Phoebe) Huh? What’d ya say Joe? I’ll be right there. (gets up and joins Joey)
Monica: (running from the bathroom to her room, wearing only a towel) Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! (gets to her room and closes the door, as Rachel gets up to answer the door.)
Monica: Oh my God! You still have the Chipper!
Monica: That’s what we used to call your ah, your motorcycle in high school. Y'know how a motorcycle is a Chopper, and you’re Chip. Nevermind.
Monica: Wow! A lipper from Chipper.
Monica: Umm. Well, there’s Rachel, and umm, I think that’s it. How bout you?
Monica: Is that all?
Monica: Ohh, how is he?
Monica: Isn’t he an architect now?
Monica: Look, not that I enjoy talking about people who I went to high school with, ‘cause I do, but umm, maybe we could talk about something else? Like you, I don’t even know where you work?
Monica: I do?
Monica: You still work at the multiplex?
Monica: Thanks, I’m set. Do you still live with your parents?
Monica: (entering) Oh my God! What happened?
Monica: Well, y'know how I always wanted to go out with Chip Matthews in high school?
Monica: Well, tonight, I actually went out with Chip Matthews in high school.
Monica: No, it’s okay, not only did I get to go out with Chip Matthews, I got to dump Chip Matthews.
Monica: I know!
Monica: Hey, we can take her back with you if you want.
Monica: Me too. (they all leave)
Monica: Because I need the money, and I thought that it’d be a great way to get rid of that last little schmidgen of self-respect.
Monica: Doing great, the quiches are coming along.
Monica: Let me ask you a question.
Monica: Why did you hire me?
Monica: (to Phoebe) Oh my God! Did you hear that? She hired me because she thinks I’m good.
Monica: Oh yeah, she didn’t hire me out of pity, it wasn’t so she could pick on me in front of her friends, she actually thinks I’m good.
Monica: …I think he deserves a Nobel Prize. (Joey starts to nod ‘Yes.’)
Monica: What?
Monica: Oh, I know, I never wear fake ones. I just did it so my Mom wouldn’t give me grief about me biting them.
Monica: (Looks at her nails) Oh my God. Wait a minute, I had them put… (realises) Oh my God! It’s in the quiche! Oh My God!
Monica: Okay ah, please don’t freak out. Umm, but ah, there’s a blue fingernail in one of the quiche cups, and there’s no way to know which one.
Monica: Then why are you laughing?
Monica: What? You bet I’d lose a nail?
Monica: Frozen lasagnas?
Monica: You bet that I’d screw up?! So all that stuff about hiring me because I was good was…
Monica: (laughs) That’s right. My Mom doesn’t have any faith in me! Oh, that’s hilarious! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Monica: (interrupting) No! You have lasagnas! (Storms out and an awkward silence follows.)
Monica: Hi.
Monica: Ohh, I’m such an idiot. I can’t believe I actually thought she could change.
Monica: Oh good, I’m glad that’s catching on.
Monica: What?
Monica: (getting up) All right, I’ll go down there. But, I’m not gonna serve the lasagna. I’m gonna serve something I make.
Monica: Well?
Monica: Really?!
Monica: Yes!!
Monica: And you?
Monica: So if everyone liked it, and you liked it, that would make this a success. Which would make you…
Monica: Well, I was going for wrong, but we can use your word.
Monica: Wow!
Monica: That really means a lot. Oh, and Mom, don’t bite your nails.
Monica: (in a sexy voice) Hello, Chandler. (Phoebe has a huge smile on her face.)
Monica: Why are you talking about volcanoes all of the sudden?
Monica: Oh! Did anybody see that-that documentary on the Korean War? (Joey is pissed)
Monica: Rachel!
Monica: You just put an empty carton back in the fridge!
Monica: Have you ever taken out the trash? (Hands her the garbage.)
Monica: Third door on the left.
Monica: God! If you’re gonna cry about it! (She grabs the box and goes to through it out.]
Monica: Joey, please don’t do that. I think it’s best that we just forget about it.
Monica: (Picking up a card from Chandler’s wallet.) My God! Is this a gym card?
Monica: What’s the matter?
Monica: So do them for free.
Monica: Wow! And you got a petticure. Your feet are all dressed up.
Monica: You’re gonna do some feet flirtin’!
Monica: What a minute, what did he say?
Monica: I told you not to go down there!
Monica: Rachel always cries!
Monica: Now Joey, you go down there and you suck up to him. I mean you suck like you’ve never sucked before!
Monica: His dancing partner?!
Monica: Oh, would you let it go already?! You’re fine!
Monica: Wait, now so you joined the gym?
Monica: Well, you could actually go to the gym.
Monica: Well, next time your massaging him, you should try and distract yourself.
Monica: Hey-hey, how goes the dancing? Gay yet?
Monica: Yes you did! You did like a little hop.
Monica: (laughing harder) You know the words! You are so into this!
Monica: All right, then show me some manly moves.
Monica: So you didn’t leave the bank?
Monica: Oh my Gosh!
Monica: Just go up to her and ask her out. (Chandler laughs) Oh, what's the worst thing that could happen?
Monica: Phoebe! You're sick, you shouldn't play. You should just go home, get in bed, and stay there.
Monica: Just be yourself. But, not too much.
Monica: That cold makes you sound so great.
Monica: Y'know what, I like Kathy.
Monica: (turning around and doing that, "I'm making out with someone," thing with her hands) Ooh, umm, oh Kathy! Kathy, I love you! Oh! (She turns around and sees Gunther staring at her and stops suddenly.)
Monica: Oh umm, how about your mom dying, or having to live on the streets when you were 14?
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Rachel's not here.
Monica: How's it going with her?
Monica: Hi, Josh.
Monica: So, did you play in college? (She points to his NYU Soccer (football for the rest of the world) sweatshirt he's wearing.)
Monica: Very!
Monica: It's this dumb thing that Ross made up `cause he was trying to fool our parents. It's a way of giving the finger, without actually having to give it. I remember I cried the night you made it up, `cause it was the first time that I realized that I was actually cooler than my older brother.
Monica: Oh come on! You're making it sound worse than it actually was.
Monica: Phoebe, you'll catch pneumonia.
Monica: (sneezes) Oh gosh, Phoebe, I think I caught your cold.
Monica: (lying on the couch suffering from her cold) Ross isn't here.
Monica: What?
Monica: Why?
Monica: Thank you so much Phoebe.
Monica: What are you doing with those?!
Monica: Sorry, Phoebe.
Monica: Umm. (nodding her head, "Good.")
Monica: Ohhhh!! Gross!!
Monica: No, sorry.
Monica: Hey Rach, could you get me some cough drops?
Monica: Ross, cough drops, please?
Monica: (interrupting) You have nothing! You're not even going out! You're her baby sitter! You have a 12-year-old girl's job!
Monica: And what are you laughing at, Miss `My-keg-sucking-boyfriend-is-stealing-from-me!'
Monica: That's mine!! Now, would you both please start acting like adults? And get me my cough drops!
Monica:
Monica: 
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica: 
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica: Oh God! Orange juice just came out of my nose, but it was totally worth it. Oh my God, I completely forgot about your sound.
Monica: He used to lock himself in the basement for hours. No one was every allowed to hear, "The Sound."
Monica: Yeah!
Monica: (At a loss for words) Boy, that was-that was, umm… terrific.
Monica: Oh God bless my dad sound proofing the basement!
Monica: (to Rachel and Phoebe) Y'know, there’s a Starbucks about three blocks down.
Monica: (to Phoebe) Hey, aren’t you up next?
Monica: Phoebe, Ross sucks! 
Monica: Okay. Umm, Phoebe, you suck too.
Monica: Yeah! Joey has the best boyfriend ever!
Monica: Are you serious?
Monica: You obviously haven’t screwed over a lot of your friends. (They all look at her) Which we all appreciate.
Monica: He loves you.
Monica: I remember you did.
Monica: (removing ear plugs) What?
Monica: Okay, so you were trying to play bad this whole time.
Monica: We haven’t eaten yet!
Monica: Well, maybe you could give to somebody else. Ooh, like Ross Geller.
Monica: Who cares? He works in a museum!
Monica: What is wrong with this freezer?! (She jabs her arm into the freezer and a piece of ice flies into her eye.) Ow! Ow!!
Monica: Oh my God, ice just got in my eye!
Monica: Oh, y’know what, I can’t, it really kills.
Monica: No, my eye doctor is Richard! I can’t go to him when I don’t have a boyfriend!
Monica: Like I remember his office number! (Pause) Speed dial 7.
Monica: Yes!!
Monica: Oh my God! How cute is the on-call doctor?
Monica: Oh no-no-no, not Dr. Burke. Dr. Burke is out of town. The-the on-call doctor will see me now.
Monica: I was probably waiting for it to open.
Monica: You look great too.
Monica: So how does it look?
Monica: Like a pirate?!
Monica: Umm, so how long have you been working with your dad? (He looks at her) Come on, one of us had to mention him.
Monica: Oh. Big family dinner tonight?
Monica: No way!
Monica: (disappointed) Oh.
Monica: (happy) Oh. 
Monica: (sympathetic) Oh. (in a pirate’s voice) So you made her walk the plank? Aye, matie?
Monica: I know.
Monica: Why is it sick?
Monica: Hey, come on, Phoebe, you understand don’t you?
Monica: Me going out with Richard’s son.
Monica: Fine! Judge all you want to but, (points to Ross) married a lesbian, (points to Rachel) left a man at the altar, (points to Phoebe) fell in love with a gay ice dancer, (points to Joey) threw a girl’s wooden leg in a fire, (points to Chandler) livin’ in a box!! (goes to her room)
Monica: (running in from her bedroom) I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! (opens the door) Hi, Tim.
Monica: Thank you. Come meet my friends. This is uh, Phoebe. 
Monica: And Joey.
Monica: My brother, Ross.
Monica: And Rachel. (Chandler clears his voice loudly) And that’s Chandler.
Monica: Umm, well, he’s…
Monica: All right everybody, this turkey is ready!
Monica: Here, let me show you. Okay, the towels are hanging next to the sink, and umm, you can use the fancy soap.
Monica: See he’s nice. Right?
Monica: I saved you a seat. (Motions to the one next to her.)
Monica: Oh-ho-ho, we’ve got company.
Monica: (putting off her coat) Ooh, this always happens. (Her coat gets stuck.)
Monica: Thank you.
Monica: Y’know all my friends think this is weird. 
Monica: I know! I mean it’s like me and your dad, that’s a totally separate thing.
Monica: We’re just two people who find each other very attractive. Right?
Monica: Nothing. Nothing.
Monica: No-no-no that was good, it was, that was uh, that was a goood kiss…
Monica: (interrupting) Don’t say it!
Monica: Yeah!
Monica: I know!
Monica: Oh, he’s catching up to her!
Monica: Come on, no peeking! (They are leading the gang out with there hands over their eyes.)
Monica: All right, umm, we’re not gonna really keep it this way though.
Monica: (to Phoebe) Remember that guy from cooking school I told you about that put cilantro with everything?
Monica: Well, I’m gonna fill in for him as food critic for the Chelsea Reporter.
Monica: Wow, Monica! What an amazing opportunity to influence… dozens of people.
Monica: Oh no-no-no, it’s only one night a week, and plus I get to take all of you out for a lot of free dinners.
Monica: Oh.
Monica: All right, were you guys smoking something in the back of our van?
Monica: Hey! My first review is out!
Monica: All right, look at my on the back page.
Monica: Hey, they don’t pay me a penny a word to make friends.
Monica: Oh! Do you need me to go with you?
Monica: Haven’t we made this decision?
Monica: Bye!
Monica: (answering it) Who is it?
Monica: Oh my God.
Monica: Oh my God, oh my God. (on intercom) Call me on the phone!
Monica: Look, I-I’m never gonna let you up so you may as well just go away.
Monica: No! Phoebe!
Monica: I couldn’t eat it! I had five friends who couldn’t eat it, and one of them eats books.
Monica: The waiter carried the breadsticks in his pants!
Monica: All right, that I’ll retract. But I stand by my review, I know food and that wasn’t it. You’re marinara sauce tasted like tomato juice! You should serve it with vodka and a piece of celery. 
Monica: Oh my God! You own an Italian restaurant and you think that tastes good?! Where are you even from?
Monica: Hand me those tomatoes, I’m gonna show you what it should taste like! Come on, hand me them.
Monica: Okay, the owner of Allesandro’s came over to yell at me, but instead I made him some sauce, and he offered me the job as head chef!!
Monica: Can you believe it? I finally get to run my own kitchen!
Monica: You got the job?! Why didn’t you tell me?
Monica: Ohh! Umm, Phoebe, I kinda need to talk to you about that. (Rachel excuses herself) Umm, well I-I-I think it might be time for me to take a step back from catering.
Monica: I know, but now we have this second one and it just, it feels like it’s snowballing, y’know?
Monica: I got offered the head chef job at Allesandro’s.
Monica: It’s okay, ‘cause y'know what? You don’t really need me for the business.
Monica: All right. But umm, I-I-I’ll pay you back all the money you invested, and you can keep the van.
Monica: Phoebe, wait a minute! (runs after her, leaving Rachel alone)
Monica: (entering) Ohh, here you are. Y’know, I’m-I’m glad you decided to hear me out.
Monica: I’ve been doing a lot of thinking. A lot! And umm, well, I came up with a whole bunch of businesses you can do with your van. Okay umm, you could be flower delivery person.
Monica: Or! A bakery delivery person.
Monica: Pizza?!
Monica: All right, I’ve got a whole bunch of uh-uh, stuff in this area, but umm, I’m getting the feeling that you don’t want to deliver.
Monica: Okay. I’m guessing that if you don’t want to deliver, you probably don’t want to pick stuff up either.
Monica: Y’know what, let’s do the catering business.
Monica: Yeah, y'know I-I made a commitment to you. Y’know what, it’d be, it’d be fun.
Monica: Really?!
Monica: Thank you.
Monica:  Umm, I just wanna say, uh (reads from a 3 X 5 card) that with a pinch of exictement, a dash of hard work, a dollup of cooperation, we can have the recipe... (Looks up and sees eveyone glaring at her) Are you gonna kill me?
Monica: Ohh, everybody at the restaurant still hates me.
Monica: I thought I was making headway, everyone was smiling at me all day, I get off work and I find out that they wrote this (puts on her chef hat) on my chef’s hat. (The hat says ‘Quit, bitch’)
Monica: I mean I have not been picked on this much since kindergarten and they had to bring in someone from junior high to do the see-saw with me. (Joey laughs and Monica glares at him.)
Monica: I mean they’re trying to do everything they can to make me quit, and if there were any other job, I would. But this is something I’ve been waiting for my whole life.
Monica: I would love too, but I can’t! I mean I just can’t, you know that I’m not good at confrontation.
Monica: That’s a good idea! Wait, do you know how to waiter?
Monica: All right, you’re hired!
Monica: Didn’t your dad used to call you Pumpkin?
Monica: (getting up) All right, I’m gonna go to work. Does anybody have a problem with that?
Monica: You want a problem? I’ll give you a problem!
Monica: You bet your ass, I’m gonna fire you! Thank you. 
Monica: Hey.
Monica: They baked it. I can’t take this anymore. I’m gonna call a meeting tonight, I’m gonna fire you tonight.
Monica: What are you doing?!
Monica: Thanks. (Joey’s still patting the burn spot) I think you got it!
Monica: Hey, Joey, could you pass the cheese?
Monica: Okay. Could the waiters gather around to hear tonight’s specials? Okay, first there is a Chilean Sea Bass prepared with a Mango relish on a bag—Why is nobody writing these down?
Monica: Because your all gonna make up fake specials and make me cook them like you did the other night?
Monica: Okay, forget the specials for a minute. Umm, all right here’s the thing, for the last two weeks I have umm, (quietly) tried really hard to create a positive atmosphere…
Monica: (louder) A positive atmosphere! But I-I-I have had it up to here. (She holds her hand over her head as an afterthought.) From now on, it is gonna be my way, or the highway! All right? Does anybody have a problem with that?!! (Joey looks at the money he’s holding, and doesn’t speak up.) Hey new guy! I said, does anybody have a problem with that?!
Monica: What the hell happened?!
Monica: Joey, we had a deal. That-that’s why you’re here! I’ve got to fire you!
Monica: What kinda things have you been saying?
Monica: I need more swordfish. (to one of the assistant chefs) Can you get me some more swordfish?
Monica: You did a minute ago!
Monica: Fine!
Monica: Okay! Very funny! Somebody let me out please?! Come on, I’m cold! (She spills something.) And covered in marinara sauce! Come on! Let me out! (the door opens)
Monica: That’s not funny.
Monica: (starting to cry) I’m a good person. And I’m a good chef, and I don’t deserve to have marinara sauce all over me! Y’know what, if you want me to quit this bad, then all you have to do is…
Monica: You do?
Monica: Well if you want a problem? I’ll give you a problem!
Monica: You bet your ass I’m gonna fire you! Get out of my kitchen! Get out!! (Joey leaves) All right! Anybody else got a problem? How ‘bout you Chuckles? You think this is funny now?
Monica: How about if I dance around all covered in sauce? Huh? You think it’s funny now? 
Monica: Good! Now, take those salads to table 4, (to the kitchen worker from earlier) And you! Get the swordfish! (to another assistant chef) And you! Get a haircut!
Monica: Thanks.
Monica: Enough!
Monica: No, you messed it up. You’re stupid.
Monica: Are you serious?
Monica: What did you tell them?
Monica: Yeah, like you’re gonna be pregnant. I mean pregnant.
Monica: We just want you to think it through.
Monica: I am so jealous.
Monica: In the beginning where y’know it’s all sex and talking and sex and talking and…
Monica: And the sex?
Monica: Then what is it?
Monica: So big deal, so Joey’s had a lot of girlfriends, it doesn’t mean he’s great in bed.
Monica: Sweetie, with you it’s gonna be different. The sex is gonna be great, ‘cause you-you guys are in love.
Monica: Yeah, you should.
Monica: Go on.
Monica: I eat by myself in the alley because everybody hates me.
Monica: Hey!
Monica: What?!
Monica: (to Chandler) So, did you do it?
Monica: Uh-oh, it was bad?
Monica: Well, it was the first time. Y’know, there’s not always a lot of agreement the first time.
Monica: All right, I’m gonna show you something a lot of guys don’t know. Rach, give me that pad, please? (She does so and Monica starts drawing on it) All right. Now…
Monica: Now everybody knows the basic erogenous zones. (She starts labelling them) You got one, two three, four (Chandler is shocked to find out there’s more than three), five, six, and seven!
Monica: It’s kind of an important one!
Monica: (continuing) Now, most guys will hit uh, 1-2-3 and then go to 7 and set up camp.
Monica: All right uh, the important thing is to take your time, you want to hit ‘em all, and you mix ‘em up. You gotta keep them on their toes.
Monica: All right. Umm, you could uh start out with a little 1, a 2, a 1-2-3, 3, 5, a 4, a 3-2, 2, a 2-4-6, 2-4-6, 4, (Rachel starts getting worked up) 2, 2, 4-7, 5-7, 6-7, 7, …7..…7…7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7…(mouths 7)! (They both lean back on the couch satisfied.)
Monica: Y’know, I never saw that.
Monica: What are you doing?
Monica: It’s gonna be so great.
Monica: Would you ever be a surrogate for anyone?
Monica: What if I asked?
Monica: Really?
Monica: No.
Monica: Boy, you are really not a morning person.
Monica: What kind of changes?
Monica: Oh, good luck.
Monica: That is sooo not true!
Monica: I just—I can’t believe that you think that you and Chandler know me and Rachel better than we know you.
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: Deal!
Monica: Ha-ha!
Monica: Aww, man!
Monica: That does not mean you know us better, I-I want a rematch.
Monica: Yeah! And the winner gets a hundred bucks.
Monica: Are you scared?
Monica: Ross will do it.
Monica: You guys! Do you realize that any minute now, Phoebe can be pregnant?
Monica: Same category?
Monica: Michael Flatley, Lord of the Dance!
Monica: No!!
Monica: I knew that! Rachel! Use you’re head!
Monica: Viva Las Gaygas!
Monica: You guys are dead, I am so good at lighting rounds.
Monica: Huh, wanna bet?
Monica: How about we play for more money, say 150?
Monica: You’re doing it again.
Monica: We won’t. (to Chandler) 300?
Monica: I’m just trying to spice it up!
Monica: I got it! How about, if we win, they have to get rid of the rooster?
Monica: Deal!
Monica: Rachel, I have not missed one question the whole game. I own this game! Look at my hand. (Holds up her hand.)
Monica: No! Steady as a rock! Now, are you with me.
Monica: Come on!
Monica: Come on!
Monica: Sandwiches! 
Monica: Maurice.
Monica: And processing.
Monica: It’s umm, it has something to do with transponding.
Monica: That’s not even a word! I can get this! I can get this!
Monica: NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
Monica: Man, I feel like I’m coming down with something.
Monica: Yeah. (to Chandler) I bet you can’t guess what color my tonsils are? I’ll bet the apartment!
Monica: How do you feel?
Monica: Really?! How much?!
Monica: Look Rach, we have to move. I mean if they had lost, we would’ve made them get rid of the birds. Right?
Monica: All right, look, I hate this as much as you, but if it makes you feel better, it’s all your fault.
Monica: Chinadolor Bong, come on, we steal that TV Guide every week!
Monica: Well?
Monica: It’s only been a couple of hours, so just give it some time.
Monica: Hey, Rach, can you give me a hand with this box?
Monica: I’ll take care of it.
Monica: I lost our mattresses.
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Hey, don’t mix those up, you could really ruin that lollipop.
Monica: Hey, we would still be living here if hadn’t gotten the question wrong!
Monica: I can’t find garbage bags!
Monica: What is it?!
Monica: I can’t believe we’re living here!
Monica: Yeah, I think I have some around here somewhere. Why? 
Monica: Hey, Rach! I made a pile of your stuff over on this side of the room. If you could just…(Rachel grunts and throws her purse at it)…throw your purses at it.
Monica: Oh my God, are you out of a job?
Monica: Umm, excuse me, we switched apartments. You can’t eat are food anymore, that-that gravy train had ended.
Monica: If you have the big apartment you have to deal with people coming over all the time. That fridge has got to be stocked, okay, that’s your department now. (She takes back the turkey leg)
Monica: What are you doing?
Monica: (entering) Hey!
Monica: You made pancakes?
Monica: Okay. (She does so and starts to walk towards Joey to receive her pancakes.)
Monica: Oh, I was thinking about having people over for the game.
Monica: The players.
Monica: (laughs) Please, it’s a relief is what it is, is what it is.
Monica: Fresh cookies! Hot from the oven!
Monica: Please, have some!
Monica: Yeah, I’ve just been fiddling around in here making delicious treats for everyone.
Monica: Yeah, it’s just something I picked up.
Monica: Wait! Wait! This isn’t take-out!
Monica: No, wait, please don’t go! I’ve got porn for you too!
Monica: People are supposed to wanna hang out here!
Monica: I’m the hostess! Not those guys! I’m always the hostess! I mean, I was always the hostess, I mean even when I was little, I mean the girls brought their dollies to my tea party, I-I served the best air.
Monica: ‘Cause they took our apartment, I wanted to punish them. But I’m-I’m done now. They’ve suffered enough.
Monica: All right then, when I’m done with this place, it’s gonna be ten times better than that place!
Monica: Are you sure?
Monica: Nah, I got it.
Monica: (entering) Okay, it’s ready. Come on.
Monica: Just come. 
Monica: Pretty much. (to Joey) So, what do you, what do you think of the floor?
Monica: You used to have carpet.
Monica: So I made snacks. Please, just hang out okay? I’m just gonna rest my eyes just a little bit.
Monica: Oh no-no-no, stay, stay, stay, just keep talking. I’m always the hostess.
Monica: (not wanting to be left out, picks up something) Hey umm, what’s this?
Monica: Hey, Joey, I don’t think that you should leave Chandler alone. I mean it’s only been two days since he broke up with Kathy. Maybe you can go fishing next week?
Monica: What’s Phase Two?
Monica: You stink!
Monica: Uh-oh, what’s the matter?
Monica: I don’t know sweetie.
Monica: I can’t! I have to work!
Monica: No, Chandler’s still in Phase One, and Joey’s that thing you smell.
Monica: I think she’s here.
Monica: (looking out the peephole) Ohh, she’s looking down the hall. Oh! She looked right at me! Oh wait, you can’t see people through that little hole, can you? (Goes back to the door.) Hello!
Monica: I-I-I think you look great.
Monica: What?
Monica: Oh my God!
Monica: Oh wait, Joey, you can’t go like that! You stink!
Monica: Yeah. Run ten blocks, that’ll help the smell.
Monica: So? How did it go with Joshua last night?
Monica: What?
Monica: So you hit her in the face?
Monica: Hey! You’re wearing pants!
Monica: It’s 9:30 in the morning!
Monica: Hello. (Listens) Oh, hey Ross!
Monica: Oh-oh, my God!
Monica: (to Chandler) Shh!! (On phone) Wait, what?
Monica: He’s with Emily at a Bed and Breakfast in Vermont!
Monica: He had to go, there’s a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard.
Monica: Why do you care so much anyway?
Monica: Well, when you first met Barry, you flitted off to Vail.
Monica: A couple of days.
Monica: What are you doing?! Chandler! You can’t just go back a phase!
Monica: Yeah, come on, we can be guys!
Monica: (coming back to the stage and sitting next to Chandler) Okay, I’ve got some Ones, you wanna put them in her panties?
Monica: Very good, (getting up and sliding a One into the dancer’s hot pants) so good.
Monica: (to the waitress) When you get a sec, another round of daiquiris.
Monica: Oh! And don’t let me leave without getting the name of that carpet guy.
Monica: I think somebody needs another lap dance. (Motions for one.)
Monica: So, we did okay at the strip club, right?
Monica: What, he doesn’t like Josh?
Monica: Yeah. And y’know, if you wanna cry, that’s okay too.
Monica: Come on! Chandler!
Monica: They really were pretty, weren’t they? (Rachel and Phoebe both agree)
Monica: Oh, Candy! She was so spunky! 
Monica: Y’know, I think if I were going to be with a woman. (Chandler is intrigued.) It’d, it’d be with someone like Michelle, she was so oh, she was so petite.
Monica: Oh, Chantal!
Monica: Really?!
Monica: That’s-that’s not Phase Three.
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Wait, now, what am I doing again?
Monica: Joey let me ask you a question. What does this light switch do?
Monica: Didn’t it drive you crazy to have a switch and not know what it did?
Monica: They wouldn’t have put it there if it didn’t do something! How can you not care?
Monica: Janice?!
Monica: How have you been?
Monica: Done?
Monica: This switch thing has been driving me crazy. So I turned it off and checked every outlet. Now, four of them don’t work. Which means, one of them has to be controlled by the switch. So, I plugged in things in all four of the outlets that-that make noise, so that way, when I turn it on I just follow the noise and find out which one it is.
Monica: Yeah, well, I’m using noise. Okay. All right! So, is everybody ready? Here we go. (She flips on the switch and a hum starts.) I hear something! I hear something! Where is it? (They all start looking until Rachel realises it’s Joey.)
Monica: He asked you out?!
Monica: Saucy!
Monica: Electrical plans for the building.
Monica: I know that switch does something, okay? So-so I went down to city hall and got these. All I had to do was pay $25 and wait in line for three hours.
Monica: Hi!
Monica: Oh, just some pictures I made and hung up. I thought they’d brighten up the place. They do don’t you think?
Monica: No-no-no, no!
Monica: I know that there’s no hole there, I just really liked that picture.
Monica: Okay, but there is a wire back there! I mean that switch is connected to something!
Monica: I just thought that if I could follow the wire I could find out what it did.
Monica: No. It disappears back there behind that baseboard. For a minute there, I thought it went downstairs.
Monica: But it didn’t. Say hello to Mrs. Chatracus.
Monica: All right. The super couldn’t figure out what it did. A $200 an hour electrician couldn’t figure out what it did. I’ve had seven pretty serious shocks. I officially give up.
Monica: I guess Joey was right, it does nothing.
Monica: What is it hon?
Monica: Aww, honey I’m sorry.
Monica: I don’t know how museums work in England but, here, you’re not supposed to take stuff.
Monica: Oh no, two days, you must be bummed.
Monica: You changed?
Monica: And lucky means, more cleavage? 
Monica: Or if you want to kiss him, umm, you could use mistletoe.
Monica: Or Spin the Bottle?
Monica: Two in a row! You’ve got to use your tongues now! (They kiss again.)
Monica: Oh my God! Have you lost your mind?
Monica: Rachel-Rachel-Rachel I-I cannot, I can’t let—(pause), actually I kinda want to see what happens.
Joey and Monica:
Monica: I think you’re done.
Monica: Well at least, I’m going to mute it.
Monica: Hi!
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Hi.
Monica: Oh. Why didn’t you take her?
Monica: You must feel horrible. Hey! The guys have free porn!
Monica: Hey, cheer up! You’re gonna see her again, right?
Monica: (interrupting him) No-no-no, don’t-don’t do the accent. You’ve got to see her again.
Monica: Because! You could get to live out my fantasy!
Monica: No! Y’know, the fantasy! Meet someone from a strange land, fall in madly love, and spend the rest of your lives together.
Monica: Yeah that, plus his mom used to put sour cream on everything!
Monica: Do you love her?
Monica: You love her!
Monica: Ohhh, I knew you loved her! Then you need to go to the airport and tell her. You’re probably just gonna catch her just as she’s about to go to the gate. You’re gonna call out her name and say, "I love you!" And she’s gonna say, "I love you, too!" And you guys are going to have the most amazing kiss, everyone at the gate will applaud.
Monica: Then you two can, can sneak into the cockpit, and things will start to heat up, and then a stewardess comes in… (Ross looks at her.) I’ve been watching too much porn.
Monica: Where ya going?
Monica: How did it go with Frank and Alice?
Monica: Ohh! Did you do what I said? Did-did-did you tell her?
Monica: And well, what did she say?
Monica: Oh, you’re totally welcome! What’d she say?
Monica: It is not over! You’re over!
Monica: You know!
Monica: It is not over because she is going to call you and tell you she loves you. And the reason why she couldn’t, is because her feelings were so strong, it scared her. Now you go home and wait for her call, she could be calling you from the plane! Come on now go! Go! (Tries to push Ross out the door.)
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Phoebe, they didn’t make you pay for those knives, did they?
Monica: Are you sure?
Monica: This isn’t how it’s supposed to go, there can’t be another guy.
Monica: Of course there’s another guy!! This is even more perfect! Now you have to prove your love!
Monica: You have to go to London!
Monica: Yeah, you have to go fight for her!
Monica: When Rachel was with Paulo, what did you do?
Monica: You sat back and let him have her, you didn’t fight at all. Am I right? Do you want the same thing to happen with Emily?
Monica: All right then, go fight for her! Go to London! I mean, that could be you and Emily! (Points to the TV.) That, but-but nicer. Just, go to London!
Monica: Come on! Surprise her! Show up at her doorstep! Don’t let her go without a fight!
Monica: All right.
Monica: Okay, good luck!
Monica: That’s sounds great, but how are you going to afford it?
Monica: Hello.
Monica: Oh my God! Ross, are you in England? Was Emily surprised?
Monica: All right. When is, when is the next flight out?
Monica: Okay, just stay there a couple more hours and if she doesn’t show up by then, then just come on home.
Monica: What are you doing here? You can’t be here!
Monica: Oh, you came to tell him you love him! I knew it! (Points at Chandler) I was right! (Points to Emily) I’m right, right?
Monica: Oh.
Monica: Y’know what? It really creeps me out choosing other people’s sex clothes.
Monica: Um-hmm.
Monica: Well, you’re making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast asparagus, and salmon au croup.
Monica: Yeah, you were, but you decided to make salmon because you had some left over at the restaurant. And then you realised if you (Points at Rachel) bitched about it, then you (Points to herself) would stop cooking, and you (Points at Rachel) would have to make your famous baked potato and Diet Coke.
Monica: So, you wore your nightie to dinner?
Monica: Oh, no!
Monica: Emily’s straight.
Monica: This totally makes sense!
Monica: Oh, sure it does! In high school, you weren’t jealous at all even though all your girlfriends were cheating on you!
Monica: This is so much fun!
Monica: Look, all we’re trying to say is, don’t let what happened with Carol ruin what you got with Emily.
Monica: Hey, I have all the space I need. Just do what I did.
Monica: Y’know what? I am really tired of your bellyaching! Okay, I-I worked really hard at making this a nice place for us to live!
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Shut up! This place is a hole!
Monica: (entering) Hey!
Monica: Hey, guys, what-what should I wear to a Knicks game?
Monica: Yeah, apparently, they’re pretty good seats.
Monica: Yeah, what, do you think we’re stupid?
Monica: What do you say?
Monica: Have you even had a girl up here?
Monica: (entering with Rachel) All right boys, last chance for the tickets!
Monica: All right, so what do you say?
Monica: Oh, just do it!!
Monica: They’re green?
Monica: That’s not even a game!
Monica: You wanna finish this right now? All right, we get a deck of cards, high card wins. What do you say?
Monica: Oh, good.
Monica: Okay. (She picks a card.) Four.
Monica: Because we won our apartment back!
Monica: No! Ace is low! Ace, two, three, four!
Monica: But, we pick again! We pick again!
Monica: I don’t know!
Monica: We’ll discuss it, in the morning! (Slams the door shut.)
Monica: No, we’re not! We’re not leaving!
Monica: As a thank you, Rachel and I will kiss for one minute.
Monica: Men are such idiots.
Monica: Yeah, let-let-let’s pretend that’s not true.
Monica: What-what’s going on?
Monica: When, when did—how, how did you…
Monica: (to Ross) I can’t believe you’re getting married! 
Monica: Chandler, that’s like your fourth cup of coffee!
Monica: He’s in a different room! He’s really that loud?
Monica: Y’know I used to go out with this guy that was a really light sleeper, and whenever I started to snore, he would just roll me over…
Monica: He would just roll me over and I would stop snoring.
Monica: Have you guys picked a date yet?
Monica: Ugh, she’s upstairs not doing the dishes! And I tell ya something! I’m not doing them this time! I don’t care if those dishes sit in the sink until they’re all covered with—I’ll do them when I get home!
Monica: I’ll pick it up for you!
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Oh my God! Ohh! Look at this one! It’s so beautiful!
Monica: Oh, yes, umm, I’m here to pick up a dress that you have on hold.
Monica: Emily Waltham.
Monica: (laughs) Okay.
Monica: I am, aren’t I?
Monica: Yes?
Monica: All right. (Goes to take off the dress.)
Monica: Does she use the cups? Yes! I believe she does. Does she use the plates? Yes! I believe she does. (Looks at the wedding dress and stops.)
Monica: Oh. Thank you. Ohhh, thank you very much. Oh, thank you for coming. (There’s a knock on the door.) Uh, just a second!
Monica: Phoebe?
Monica: Can you just hold on for one minute?
Monica: Are you alone?
Monica: All right.
Monica: Okay, ready?
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Congratulations!
Monica: Okay! My turn! My turn!
Monica: (cocking her head from side to side in some pre-bouquet-catching ritual) Yeah.
Monica: (upset) That was a terrible throw!!
Monica: Look at me! My big concern is what’s real?! (Finally realises) Oh my God. We’re really sad, aren’t we?
Monica: This isn’t even my dress.
Monica: I’m changing out of this.
Monica: In like a half-hour?
Monica: Okay, throw it straight this time.
Monica: I’m getting married next!!
Monica: Yeah. I mean it was kinda fun for a while, but didn’t you start feeling silly?
Monica: Oh God.
Monica: Hey!
Monica: So, is Joey gonna stop snoring?
Monica: No, seriously.
Monica: Oh my God!
Monica: Well, are you asleep right now, Joe? ‘Cause I don’t think you have to wear it unless you are!
Monica: Ohh, sweetie! (Goes to comfort her.) Hey, I bet you anything that he’s gonna call you again.
Monica: Again. Y’know what? I think we all did.
Monica: Hey! (She jumps up and throws Emily’s wedding dress into Rachel’s room.)
Monica: Oh, I wish there was a job where I could wear this all the time. (Pause) Maybe someday, there will be.
Monica: Oh God! He’s gonna come by and borrow some candles for his big date!
Monica: No-no, Rachel, don’t get it! He can’t see us!
Monica: Rachel?!
Monica: Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. (To Rachel) This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross? 
Monica: Ohh, this is soo amazing! I can’t believe my brother’s getting married! And in London! It’s so romantic!
Monica: Hey!
Monica: I never knew that either.
Monica: We’re hanging out.
Monica: I’m sorry honey.
Monica: Rach, you’re gonna come though aren’t you?
Monica: You know what would be real weird? Is if you weren’t there. Just say you’ll think about it, okay?
Monica: I can't believe he did this.
Monica: You know what this is, this is us getting ready for the prom.
Monica: Shut up, the camera adds ten pounds.
Monica: Oh, dad, turn it off.
Monica: If you're not going then I don't want to go either.
Monica: (to Ross) I can't believe you did that.
Monica: (seeing the decision) Nooooo. You’re really not going?
Monica: You don’t have a car. And your license expired. 
Monica: That’s also like the tenth time you told us.
Monica: What?
Monica: I thought that was a good thing.
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Yeah, there’s one right under the cabinet. 
Monica: Why do you need it?
Monica: What Phoebe meant to say was umm, how come you’re having a party and we’re not invited?
Monica: Sooo?
Monica: Nooo!
Monica: The baby shower for Phoebe!
Monica: Look what I got! Look what I got! Look what I got! (She shows Rachel what she bought. She bought a little leather jacket and a little cowboy outfit for the babies.) Can you believe they make these for little people?
Monica: Okay, look at this one. This is my favourite. (It’s a little pink and white dress for the girl baby.)
Monica: I know! Phoebe is gonna love dressing them in these!
Monica: Because she’s not gonna get to keep the babies.
Monica: Wait a minute! Unless, we give her all gifts she can use after she’s done being pregnant. Like-like umm, regular coffee, Tequila.
Monica: Oh, she’s gonna love that!
Monica: Hi Phoebe.
Monica: Hormones.
Monica: Wow, you seem to be doing so much better. That’s great. So how-how are things going?
Monica: Here’s your tea Phoebe. (They give it to her and quickly take a step back.)
Monica: I’m so glad you liked it.
Monica: What?!
Monica: Oh my God!
Monica: Wait, you can’t have the baby here! I mean I haven’t sterilised it since the guys moved out!
Monica: Rachel, get the book! The book!
Monica: The Bible?!
Monica: How do you feel?
Monica: Some moms do that.
Monica: Aww, sweetie, but it’s not like you’re not gonna have anything. You’re gonna have nieces and nephews, and some ways that’s even better.
Monica: I mean, you’re the one they’re gonna come to when they wanna run away from home, and the one they talk to about sex.
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: Oh, sweetie! (They all hug.)
Monica: Oh my God!
Monica: Guys, hurry up! The flight leaves in four hours! It could take time to get a taxi! There could be traffic! The plane could leave early! When we get to London, there could be a line at customs! Come on!! (She runs back to her apartment.)
Monica: Passport, check! (As she puts away each item, she says check.) Camera, check! Traveller’s cheques, check! 
Monica: Myself. Y’know for remembering to pack a thing. Yeah, you do a good thing, you get a check! (pause) My mom does it, I never realized it was weird.
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Yep! You got the tickets?
Monica: Okay, if you need the vacuum, it’s in my closet on the left-hand side. Ah, the garbage bags are next to the refrigerator…
Monica: Yeah, okay, give that a try!
Monica: All right, y’know what? We really are late! Let’s go! Let’s go! Let’s go!!
Monica: Chicken Kiev?
Monica: Yeah, y’know, but something like salmon which would be so much more elegant than the chicken. And, you wouldn’t have to worry about the salmonella. (Ross pushes her.) So, I can’t wait to see this place you’re getting married!
Monica: It’s nice.
Monica: (entering) Okay, I talked to the guy with the shovel and I found out what happened. 
Monica: They torn it down a few days early.
Monica: (entering) Hey!
Monica: Oh my God!
Monica: Hey!
Monica: (laughs) Yes, I did! And you are welcome!
Monica: Umm…
Monica: She said that?!
Monica: Why?!
Monica: Oh my God. You’re even dumber than I am!
Monica: Ross, how long have you been planning this wedding?
Monica: Emily has probably been planning it since she was five! Ever since the first time she took a pillowcase and hung it off the back of her head. That’s what we did! We dreamed about the perfect wedding, and the perfect place, with the perfect four-tiered wedding cake (Starting to cry), with the little people on top. (Ross gets thrown a box of Kleenex from the bathroom and he gives her one.) Thanks. But the most important part is that we had the perfect guy who understood just how important all that other stuff was.
Monica: Sometimes we were.
Monica: Okay.
Monica: You’ll see.
Monica: And the musicians, look, they can go over here (Points to a little alcove), okay? And the chairs can face this way (Points), and… (Points to Ross) You go.
Monica: Ohh. And I don’t even have a date.
Monica: 
Ross and Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: Hey.
Monica: I know. How could we have let this happen?
Monica: Ugh! Well, y’know, we were away…
Monica: I blame London.
Monica: So look umm, while we’re st-still in London, I mean, we can keep doing it right?
Monica: Only here.
Monica: I’ll meet you there in two minutes.
Monica: (impatiently) Now?
Monica: Oh, I-I don’t know.
Monica: Just uh, do the right thing. (Uses some breath spray)
Monica: Toe the line. Thread the needle. Think outside the box! (Tries to leave, but is stopped by Rachel.)
Monica: Wait. Rachel, no, he’s married. Married! If you don’t realize that, I can’t help you.
Monica: Where were you? We were supposed to meet in the wine cellar?
Monica: Why?!
Monica: Joey, what are you doing? You promised Phoebe you wouldn’t eat meat until she has the babies!
Monica: That’s true.
Monica: Oh my God, Rachel! Hi!
Monica: Yes, I want to change. And why-why don’t you go down and get us a table?
Monica: (elbows him) Fifteen minutes.
Monica: Great…
Monica: But my clothes are—ohh! (They both leave.)
Monica: No time for that!
Monica: Which we are, and-and we already paid for it. It’s My Giant!
Monica: You really think this is okay?
Monica: Oh, it’s so beautiful. Ohh! Y’know, I-I don’t know if I feel right about this.
Monica: Okay!
Monica: You didn’t find her?
Monica: Yeah, I think you should keep looking!
Monica: Or 45.
Monica: Well, it’s getting late.
Monica: Ugh, y’know, umm we gotta get up early and catch that plane for New York.
Monica: I know, I’ve been looking at those doors, they look pretty sound proof, don’t you think?
Monica: Y’know, maybe it’s best that we never got to do it again.
Monica: I’m gonna go to the bathroom, maybe I’ll see you there in a bit?
Monica: I know!
Monica: Phoebe, I did not have sex.
Monica: Well, we certainly are alone.
Monica: Right. Umm, listen since we’re-we-re on that subject, umm, I just wanted to tell you that uh, well, I-I was going through a really hard time in London, what with my brother getting married and that guy thinking I was Ross’s mother…
Monica: Well, an-anyway, I just—that night meant a lot to me, I guess I’m just trying to say thanks.
Monica: (laughs) That’s okay.
Monica: And you’re cute too.
Monica: Okay.
Monica: That counts!
Monica: You look cute in bubbles.
Monica: Chicken? I could eat some chicken.
Monica: Wait, what that place, that pub he took us too?
Monica: Bodington's!
Monica: Yeah, but her plane got delayed in Athens. But actually, (Checks watch) she should be here by now.
Monica: No, but she likes me. You abandoned her on a plane to Greece.
Monica: Rach, that's great! It's so good that you had a good time in Greece!
Monica: I'll do it!
Monica: Oh, Rachel, sweetie, look, here's a really cute picture of Joey and you at the reception.
Monica: Honey, sweetie, by the edges.
Monica: Ohh. (Monica covers her eyes in horror.)
Monica: Sweetie! Edges! Fingers! Smudgey! Pictures!
Monica: Okay. That's okay. I-I know that you're very upset right now. I know, I know that wasn't about me.
Monica: If you would stop thinking about Ross for one minute you would notice that there are great guys everywhere! I mean, look! Look, Gunther! (Gunther turns to listen in.) I mean, he's nice, he's cute.
Monica: (Interrupting) Oh, what about that guy over there? (She points at another guy and Gunther is deflated.) Remember? That is the guy you flirted with at the counter that time.
Monica: You're going to talk to him! Y'know what? We made a deal, I make your decisions and I say you're going to talk to him.
Monica: We got out pictures back from London. (Shows her one.) Here's all of us at the Tower of London.
Monica: What happened?
Monica: See, didn't I tell you?! You're getting over Ross already!
Monica: What took you so long?
Monica: Oh, good. 
Monica: Probably some y'know, European good-bye thing he picked up in London.
Monica: (Poking her head in) Rach? Can I talk to for just a minute? I-I dropped some socks.
Monica: What is the matter with you?! Do you want to fall into the trap? Do you want to fall into the trap?!
Monica: I just ran into Dave and he told me that you blew him off! I mean, you listen to me! Now, I'm calling the shots! I say you leave Ross alone and go get Dave! What the hell were you trying to do?
Monica: (Gasps) What?!! You cannot tell him that!!
Monica: I make the decisions, and I say no.
Monica: You can't fire me. I make your decisions and I say, "I'm not fired!" Ha!
Monica: Rachel!! Come on! Let me in!
Monica: Rachel locked the door.
Monica: Rachel! Let me in! Rachel!
Monica: Thank you. Rachel, can I talk to you outside for a sec?
Monica: I really need to talk to you.
Monica: Okay, I will. Remember that thing that we just discussed that you wanted to do?
Monica: Well, Rachel wants to take swing dance lessons. Which I think is a really stupid idea! It's dangerous, she's never gonna get what she wants, and who knows who she might (Turns to look at Ross) end up hurting.
Monica: All right, Rachel, I know-I know you think I'm crazy, please, before you tell him you love him, just-just try to find one person who thinks this is a good idea. Because I bet you, you can't.
Monica: Please!
Monica: Joey, I'm in!
Monica: Well, we thought we would all go to a picnic (Phoebe gasps), in Central Park!
Monica: Makes me wanna puke! (Chandler looks at her, quizzically.) 
Monica: Okay, well, why don't we all meet upstairs in an hour?
Monica: Come on Rach, let's go.
Monica: No! Rachel, you didn't find anyone so you can't tell him.
Monica: Okay, Rachel, do you have any idea how painful it is to tell someone that you love them and not have them say it back?
Monica: Okay. I-I can't watch. (Leaves as sits down to read the paper.)
Monica: Oh my God! You're water broke!
Monica: I can't believe Phoebe's gonna have her babies!
Monica: Do you know anything about women?
Monica: That's all right. 
Monica: Well, we-we had to go back because I forget my jacket.
Monica: Oh man! I did it again!
Monica: What?
Monica: That's what it sounded like.
Monica: Umm. (Looks at Chandler who is using the phone.) Umm. Umm. I don't think so.
Monica: Umm, why don't you give me something that would be a good reason and-and then I'll tell you if it's true.
Monica: Harder than it sounds. Isn't it?
Monica: Umm, listen there's something I think you should know.
Monica: Umm, actually I was about to tell you that I was, I was going to get out of it, but hey, if we're just goofing around then uh, maybe I will go out with him.
Monica: Feeling a little better sweetie?
Monica: Me too.
Monica: (entering with Chandler) Hey!
Monica: (To Phoebe) How are you doing?
Monica: Hello Dan! I'm really looking forward to Saturday night! Really, really!
Monica: Chandler!
Monica: So, why wait 'til Saturday, are you free tomorrow?
Monica: Oh, great!
Monica: Bye Dan!
Monica: Great!
Monica: Well uh, you and I are just goofing around, I thought, why not goof around with him.
Monica: I think you're better than you think you are.
Monica: (interrupting) Know when to stop.
Monica: Yeah. All right, I'm gonna go tell Dan that it's not gonna happen. (They kiss and as she starts to leave, Chandler starts to dance. Without turning around.) Don't do the dance.
Monica: I think you're my favorite.
Monica: I don't care.
Monica: Phoebe, we are so proud of you! You're amazing!
Monica: (In a sexy voice) Come in. I've been waiting for you. 
Monica: (pulling on a robe) Okay, I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I-I-I was um, I was taking a nap.
Monica: Yes. Yes, I was. A guy. From work. (Thinks) I'm seeing a guy from work! Ha!
Monica: Uh-huh, that one!
Monica: (Panicking) Okay, umm, okay, umm… (Rachel opens the door.) It's just Joey and Ross.
Monica: But why?! Did he get in touch with Emily?
Monica: Vomit tux? Who vomited on—y'know what, what you up to Joe?
Monica: Oh that's great!
Monica: What's wrong with PBS?
Monica: Ohh, he's really shy. I-I don’t think he's up to meeting everyone yet.
Monica: I might've said that. (Chandler laughs.) Why is that funny?
Monica: Hey!
Monica: That's great!
Monica: What?!
Monica: But you live here! (Ross rolls his eyes.) You know that.
Monica: Yeah, I'm sure your ex-wife will be more than happy to move to another country so you can patch things up with your new wife.
Monica: Sure!
Monica: Well, y'know I-I-I think I'm gonna respect the privacy of my new secret boyfriend.
Monica: Great!
Monica: What?! You can't—what did you tell her?
Monica: Yeah! But, he can't not exactly see Emily, I mean that's his wife.
Monica: No, you cannot.
Monica: (answering it) Hello.
Monica: Oh hey Joey! We've been watching all day, when are you gonna be on TV?
Monica: (Looking at the TV) You're not on TV.
Monica: (entering) Hi Chandler.
Monica: Uh, listen, I need that broiling pan that Joey borrowed the other day.
Monica: William Sonoma, fall catalog, Page 27.
Monica: Yeah, so?
Monica: Y'know what, champ? I think I'll pass.
Monica: Why? (She hops into the living room and imitates Chandler's happy dance.)
Monica: A Magic Eight ball?! You can't be serious, you can't make this decision with a toy!
Monica: All right, let me see. (She grabs the 8 ball.) Will Chandler have sex tonight? (Reads the answer.) Don't count on it. Seems like it works to me.
Monica: Keep talking.
Monica: Really?
Monica: Well, if we owe it? (She throws down her cleaning stuff and jumps into his arms.) Oh my… When is Joey gonna be home?
Monica: But, I just cleaned the bathroom.
Monica: Yeah. (She takes them off.)
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Ow!
Monica: I know!
Monica: Never done that before.
Monica: (quietly) Hi!
Monica: Well that's because you always sleep to noon, silly! This is what 9 looks like.
Monica: I'm really getting tired of sneaking around.
Monica: All weekend? That's a whole lotta naked.
Monica: Ohh, I've always wanted to go to this culinary fair that they have in Jersey!
Monica: Wait! What about Joey?
Monica: (entering from her room) Hey, guess what I'm doing this weekend! I'm going to this culinary fair in New Jersey.
Monica: Oh now that-that-that's funny, it seems like Chandler's conference could've been in Connecticut or Vermont.
Monica: Hey.
Monica: No, she's out shopping.
Monica: Wow, so you guys are, you're never gonna be in the same room together? How is that even gonna work?
Monica: Hey, Joey's ass! What are you doing?
Monica: Ooh, candy bars, crossword puzzles…
Monica: Sweetie, we heard you crying. Please don't cry.
Monica: Ooh, chocolates on the pillows! I love that!
Monica: Come here. (He does, and they kiss.) Okay, be right back. 
Monica: We're switching rooms.
Monica: No, they gave us glasses with lipstick on them! I mean, if they didn't change the glasses, who knows what else they didn't change. (He glares at her.) Come on sweetie, I just want this weekend to be perfect, I mean we can change rooms, can't we?
Monica: We're switching rooms again.
Monica: This is a garden view room, and we paid for an ocean view room.
Monica: (To Chandler) Excuse me, umm, can I talk to you over here for just a second?
Monica: Chandler!
Monica: Look, these clowns are trying to take us for a ride and I'm not gonna let 'em! And we're not a couple of suckers!
Monica: Okay, this one I like!
Monica: Can we turn the TV off? Okay? Do we really want to spend the entire weekend like this?
Monica: Hey, don't blame me for wigging tonight!
Monica: I don't know, how about the idiot who thought he could drive from Albany to Canada on a half a tank of gas!
Monica: We're supposed to uh, be spending a romantic weekend together, it-it, what is the matter with you?
Monica: What did you say?
Monica: (entering) Hi!
Monica: Yeah. Umm, Chandler can I talk to you outside for a second?
Monica: Oh, it was awful. (To Chandler) I guess some people just don't appreciate really good food.
Monica: Chandler! (Motions for him to come outside.)
Monica: Okay, I'd like to know how much the room was because I'd like to pay my half.
Monica: 300 dollars?!
Monica: Urghh!!
Monica: Chandler stole a twenty from my purse!
Monica: Maybe I could do it.
Monica: Hey.
Monica: You're not gonna be phased out!
Monica: Hi.
Monica: Yeah, it did.
Monica: What?
Monica: Why, exactly?
Monica: Chandler that's crazy! If you give up every time you'd have a fight with someone you'd never be with anyone longer than—Ohhh! (They both realize something there.)
Monica: (laughs) You are so cute! No. No, it was a fight. You deal with it and move on! It's nothing to freak out about.
Monica: Ohh, welcome to an adult relationship! (She goes to kiss him.)
Monica: I'm afraid so.
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Yeah, I saw him waiting for an elevator.
Monica: Hey, Rach, can I borrow your eyelash curler, I think I lost mine.
Monica: Yes, but you cannot tell anyone! No one knows!
Monica: Please? Please?! We just don't want to deal with telling everyone, okay? Just promise you won't tell.
Monica: I know, it's great!
Monica: Oh that's cute! We really all enjoyed it. But y'know, it doesn't count.
Monica: Count in our heads as-as good Madlibs.
Monica: Wait-wait, guys! If-if we follow the rules, it's still fun and it means something!
Monica: Guys, rules are good! Rules help control the fun! (They all leave and close the door on Monica.) Ohhh! (Throws her notepad down in disgust.)
Monica: What?!
Chandler and Monica: 
Monica: Sorry.
Monica: (To Chandler) Rachel's at work.
Monica: Hey, what's that?
Monica: What is that?
Monica: (looking at the flyer) This is all of your things.
Monica: So basically, this is a getting-rid-of-everything-Rachel-ever-used sale.
Monica: Now calm down Joey.
Monica: Look, I'm not happy about this either, but y'know if-if Ross says he's happy then we're just gonna have to keep our feelings about Emily to ourselves. Are you cool with that?
Monica: Rachel, if you want the little round waffles, you gotta have to wait until I find the little waffle iron.
Monica: All right. (Looking through a box.) Op, here it is! Right underneath the can of-of bug bomb. I wonder if the best place to put something that cooks food is underneath the can of poison?
Monica: Oh my God! Fog him! Fog him!
Monica: We were, we were just in the storage area and we saw this really creepy man!
Monica: And he came at us with an axe, so Rachel had to use a bug bomb on him!
Monica: Oh he's nice. He's nice! Y'know, you always stick up for the people we fog!
Monica: We're-we're really sorry we fogged you.
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: Wow! That guy is so rude!
Monica: Well you did a little bit.
Monica: I totally forgive you!
Monica: Yes!
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Crematorium Chris? Sure!
Monica: Don't get too attached, she's having it cremated.
Monica: No, Ross, we do not hate Emily. We-we just, we just think that you're having to sacrifice a whole lot to make her happy.
Monica: God, I feel so guilty about Ross.
Monica: Whatever you decide, whatever you do.
Monica: Why don't you come over tonight? And I'll make you favorite dinner.
Monica: Hey, look at you! Where have you been?
Monica: How did that happen?
Monica: I hope you're not full, 'cause dinner's almost ready.
Monica: Wow, this is so weird. I just realized this might be the last time we'll all be hanging out together.
Monica: I'll get it. (On phone.) Hello. (Listens.) Hi Emily! (Listens.) Yeah, uh you-you tracked him down. Hold on one second. (She hands the phone to Ross.)
Monica: How can you tell? You can only see the back of his head!
Monica: Oh, sweetie. Oh, look at you. You're shivering.
Monica: Oh, Larry.
Monica: Okay, knock yourself out, Larry.
Monica: Larry?
Monica: Uh, look, Larry honey, umm, I wrote the book on Section 5 and I know that you don't have to wear your hat unless you're in the kitchen.
Monica: It's in the kitchen, I'll go get it. 
Monica: Thanks.
Monica: Hmm?
Monica: He's not great umm, but he's dealing with it. Oh wait a minute, you're not gonna try…
Monica: Right, you only go for them 5 minutes before they get married.
Monica: (To Monica) Danny. Are you guys ever gonna go out again?
Monica: Ohh, fun!
Monica: Well, I guess we won't be warming his house.
Monica: And you're not gonna do that.
Monica: So-so there is no party.
Monica: I think so. Se, he-he's not inviting you to his party because he likes you.
Monica: Oh, thanks! We'll try to stop by.
Monica: You are?
Monica: Okay.
Monica: What one? You wanted him to invite you to the party and he did it!
Monica: Great. So the ball is in his court?
Monica: Hey!
Monica: I don't know, clean places?
Monica: (looking through the peephole) It's Danny.
Monica: (to Danny) We'll be right there! (To Rachel) Can't you just say it starts later?
Monica: The fake kind! 
Monica: We have a ladle. (Gives him one.)
Monica: Okay, great! 
Monica: Just go over and say hi.
Monica: Hey, Danny!
Monica: (turns his back to the stairs) Oh, it's a great party! Great food. Y'know, most parties it's all chips and salsa, chips and salsa. (As she's saying this Rachel tries to head downstairs but is blocked by people coming upstairs. She quickly retreats back up the stairs.) (Sees that she has to keep him distracted longer.) So umm, what's this? (Points to his plate.)
Monica: Ooooh! (Rachel now succeeds in getting downstairs.) And-and-and what-what's this? (Points again.)
Monica: (upon seeing Rachel she points) Oh.
Monica: I thought there wasn't a ball?
Monica: I think I need a drink.
Monica: Phoebe, you have to lift it and point.
Monica: That's very nice.
Monica: Is anyone thankful for anything else besides a thong?
Monica: Oh, let's not tell this story.
Monica: (entering) Hey!
Monica: Hey, did you get the turkey basted—Oh my God! Oh my God! (She sees someone is stuck in the turkey.) Who is that?
Monica: What-what are you doing? Is this supposed to be funny?
Monica: Well, get it off now!
Monica: Well, I don't care! That-that turkey has to feed 20 people at my parent's house and they're not gonna eat it off your head!
Monica: Okay, I got it. Phoebe? All right, you pull. I'm gonna spread the legs as wide as I can. (Joey starts giggling.) Joey? Now is not the time!
Monica: Okay, count to three. 1. 2. 3!
Monica: That's it. That's my worse Thanksgiving.
Monica: Umm, I-I really don't want to tell this story.
Monica: Look umm, of all people, you do not want me to tell this story!
Monica: I'll get it! (She runs in, and she's her old fat self like The One With The Prom Video. Not only that, she's out of breath after running a short distance. She goes over and opens the door to reveal Rachel with her old nose.) Happy Thanksgiving!
Fat Monica: Oh, why? Why? What happened?
Fat Monica: Yeah, yeah, and you were going him y'know, your flower.
Fat Monica: Ross! (Wanting to be introduced.)
Fat Monica: Hi, I'm Ross's little sister.
Fat Monica: Umm, Chandler, if you want I can make you some macaroni and cheese for dinner.
Fat Monica: dammit! (Runs off.)
Fat Monica: I think his begging days are over now that he's going out with Nancy Branson.
Fat Monica: Call them mom and dad you loser!
Fat Monica: Hey Chandler! Did you like the macaroni and cheese?
Fat Monica: Okay!
Fat Monica: Oh that's so great!
Fat Monica: Oh gosh, listen if you and Chip do it tonight, promise me you'll tell me everything.
Fat Monica: I know, but y'know, this time you're gonna definitely know whether or not you did it!
Fat Monica: No. No, thank you!
Monica: Well, I do.
Monica: Yes, it was!
Monica: (interrupting her) Okay, now Thanksgiving's over, let's get ready for Christmas. Who wants to go get a Christmas tree?!
Monica: Hi, Chandler.
Monica: What-what's the matter? Is there, is there something on my dress? (She turns around making sure he gets a good look.)
Monica: So Chandler, I guess I'll see you at dinner.
Monica: Well it didn't!
Monica: Yeah, I mean yeah, I look great. Yeah, I feel great and yeah, my heart is not in trouble anymore! Blah, blah, blah! Y'know I still don't feel like I got him back, y'know? I just want to humiliate him. I wanna, I want him to be like naked and then I'm going to point at him and laugh!
Monica: How?
Monica: What?! I mean, I didn't work this hard and-and-and lose all this weight so that I can give my flower to someone like him!
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: And when he's naked I can throw him out in the front yard and lock the door and all the neighbors will just humiliate him!
Monica: Okay, so how do I make him think I wanna have sex with him?
Monica: What do you mean?
Monica: (excited) I can do that!
Monica: Umm, I'd love too! (She goes over and picks up the box and decides to follow Rachel's advice and holds the box up to her cheek.) Ooh, I love macaroni and cheese. I love-I love the way this box feels against my cheek.
Monica: Boy, I love carrots! Oh! (She picks up a bunch of them and holds them between her fingers.) Sometimes I like to put them between my fingers like this and-and hold them down here while I talk to you. (She is rubbing her hip with the carrots.) Umm, and-and-and y'know if I get really hot umm, I-I like to pick up this knife (She picks up a knife without putting the box down. She's holding the box between her cheek and shoulder) and-and umm, I-I put the cold steal against umm, (Pause) my body. (She doesn't have any exposed skin within reach of the knife, so while holding the carrots in one hand and the box between her face and shoulder, she rubs the knife on her stomach.)
Monica: Oh yeah, of course. I'm fine it's just that—(She drops the box and in a reflex action tries to catch it with her arm, the knife slips out and slowly flips through the air and comes point first down into Chandler's shoe.)
Monica: Oh yes! I have it right here, on ice! (She takes a bag of ice out of her purse and hands it to the doctor.)
Monica: What?! What is it?
Monica: God, I'm sorry! I'll go back and get it!
Monica: Wait, no-no-no, I can go really fast! Dad, give me the keys to your Porsche!
Monica: I didn't mean to cut it off. It was an accident.
Monica: I'm sorry! It wasn't your whole toe!
Monica: Chandler! (Follows him out.)
Monica: Chandler, I said I was sorry.
Monica: Oh wait, Chandler, come here is there anything I can do? Anything?
Monica: Wait, wait, wait! (She puts a Shriner's hat on the turkey.)
Monica: Look! (She puts a big, yellow pair of sunglasses on the bird.)
Monica: I bet this will work! (She starts dancing and Chandler cracks up.)
Monica: What?
Monica: You said you loved me! I can't believe this!
Monica: Yes, you did!
Monica: You love me!
Monica: Yeah!
Monica: (entering) Thank you Joey, thank you so much!
Monica: (inspecting his leg) Wow! And around the ankles, y'know that is a tough spot.
Monica: We'll try to be more careful okay? It's just that, we don't want everyone to know because this is going really well, and maybe the reason it's going really well is because it's a secret.
Monica: We are! Help us!
Monica: Joey!
Monica: Hey, Phoebe!
Monica: Okay, look, I-I have enough stuff for one more sandwich, I mean I was going to eat it myself, but (motions that he can have it.)
Monica: Phoebe, you are a bad ass!
Monica: Phoebe?
Monica: Yeah, the best you got in high school was Wet Pants Geller.
Monica: We're so sorry.
Monica: Okay, just wait, please. I promise we'll come up with something. Just give us a little more time.
Monica: Hey. Okay, so umm, since that video camera thing didn't work out uh, I thought that I would give you just a little preview. (Hands him a Polaroid.)
Monica: I know.
Monica: Ross, are you okay?
Monica: Why?!
Monica: A pill?
Monica: Wait a minute, they're making you take time off work?
Monica: (yelling and waving her hand in the air) I know! I know! I know!
Monica: (grabbing the picture) Give me that!
Monica: It's okay! It's good! It's good. It's a disease!
Monica: Yes you are! That's the only way to explain all this stuff!
Monica: Oh no!
Monica: Yes it's true.
Monica: I guess I wanted to keep it (Pause) as a souvenir. 
Monica: I guess I set up the video camera to try and entice Joey.
Monica: I'm Monica. I'm disgusting. I stalk guys and keep their underpants.
Monica: (entering, happily) All right everybody! Everybody guess what? I just convinced Paul to give us a test next week!
Monica: Come on! Tests make us all better learners! Oh yeah! (Running out) We should have essay questions!!
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: Yeah!
Monica: Yeah. I guess. (She puts more money in the bucket.)
Monica: Yes Phoebe, but this is all I have. Okay? (She pours out the rest of her change purse into the bucket.)
Monica: Hey, what's up?
Monica: Oh, honey, I'm sorry.
Monica: You had no relationship!!
Monica: Oh God, stop with the plan! So what, so what you saw him with a girl? Who cares?! That doesn't mean anything! Now look, you're going to go out on a date with Danny and you're going to be so charming he's gonna forget all about that stupid subway girl.
Monica: Come on, hurry!
Monica: No.
Monica: No.
Monica: Eww!! (Throws the bucket down.)
Monica: Yeah, good for you. Y'know you're tough, you lived on the streets.
Monica: Hey!
Monica: All the time. In fact, I was undefeated.
Monica: Still, I was quick as a cat.
Monica: Oh, you're kidding.
Monica: (laughing with Ross) We don't, we don't wrestle now.
Monica: Too strong for me?
Monica: You wanna go right now? 'Cause I'll take you right now, buddy! You wanna go?
Monica: Ready? (They grab a hold of each other's necks.) Wrestle! (They start wrestling.)
Monica: That was unbelievable! 
Monica: Hi, how are you doing Kelly?
Monica: It's my new perfume. Why don't you come closer where you can really appreciate it?
Monica: This is disgusting!
Monica: Oh no, wait! Joey!
Monica: Happy New Year.
Monica: She has a better chance of sprouting wings and flying up your nose than you do of not making fun of us.
Monica: Hey Rach, maybe your resolution should be to umm, gossip less.
Monica: Well if Ted Kopel talked about his coworkers botched boob jobs, I would.
Monica: Hi Ben!
Monica: I like 'em.
Monica: I like them a lot.
Monica: It's my New Year's resolution!
Monica: No! To take more pictures of all of us together. I mean I really think it's the best resolution because everyone will enjoy the pictures.
Monica: Thank you. (Leaves.)
Monica: (on phone) I can't wait to be with you! I'll sneak over as soon as Ross picks up Ben. I'll just tell Rachel I'm gonna be doing laundry for a couple of hours.
Monica: (on phone) Awww, y'know what your nickname is, Mr. Big…
Monica: We heard about your pants, I'm so sorry.
Monica: Hey, hey, look. Look Ross, Ben drew a picture of you! (Shows him Ben's picture.) Huh? You're-you're a cowboy!
Monica: See? Ben doesn't think you're a loser, he thinks you're a cowboy! Now that's something.
Monica: Okay, now that everything's wrapped up here, I think I'm, I'm gonna go do my laundry.
Monica: Look at us all dressed up for the big office party! By the way, what are we celebrating?
Monica: I think this is so cool because none of our friends are here and we can be a real couple. We don't have to hide.
Monica: Ooh, and I can do this. (She kisses him on the cheek.)
Monica: Hi, nice to meet you!
Monica: What was that?
Monica: That noise you just made?
Monica: Really? Your work laugh?
Monica: All right, check me out.
Monica: Really?
Monica: Hey, I thought you already had one.
Monica: Hi!
Monica: What are you doing here? I thought you had to do inventory all day.
Monica: Uhh, not much. Uh, work's good.
Monica: Okay. Umm…
Monica: Okay, what's going on with you?
Monica: Well, I-I—there was this guy at the bank that I thought was cute umm, but I don't anymore.
Monica: Yes, I'm sure! Rachel is there something that you want to talk me about?
Monica: Game!
Monica: Am I on fire today or what?! Those birds are browned, basted, and ready to be carved!
Monica: I'm sorry, I don't understand what you just said.
Monica: Are you crazy?! We own those two! I mean look at 'um, he can't breath and she's popping pills.
Monica: They have racquets don't they?!
Monica: I'll take it down to 95% but that's the best I can do.
Monica: I got it! (She hits a forehand smash that bounces right in between Doug and Kara and scores a point.)
Monica: I got it!!
Monica: I can't believe you let them win!
Monica: I was frustrated.
Monica: I was frustrated with you!
Monica: Y'know what really bothers me? Is—it's how-how different you act around them! I mean y'know the throwing the tennis games, the fake laugh, the "I'll see you around, Bing!" "Not if I see you first, Doug!" (Mocks the fake laugh.) I gotta tell you, I don't like Work Chandler. Okay? The guy's a suck-up.
Monica: I'm telling you, something's wrong! My brother does not stay out all night.
Monica: Oh my God! (She goes to hug him, stops short, and hits him on the shoulder.) Where the hell have you been?!!
Monica: My turn? What-what are you talking about?
Monica: What?!
Monica: Well. Sounds like you're writing yourself a little play there Rach. Wow! Let me know how that one turns out.
Monica: Well, if you had kept listening, you-you would have heard me call him Mr. Big…(Thinks)…ot.
Monica: Mr. Bigot. He tells the most racist jokes.
Monica: Me and Chandler?! (Does her fake laugh.)
Monica: Oh, none for me. Thanks.
Monica: (To Chandler) How does that laugh not give you a headache?
Monica: Y'know, I-I-I don't think that I can. So if you don't mind, maybe this will be it for me on the work things.
Monica: I'd rather hang out with a sniveling work weasel guy when I can be hanging out with my boyfriend who I actually respect.
Monica: (interrupting) Honey, I just don't think that you understood the joke.
Monica: Yeah! I mean it was really funny, I-I just don't think you got it. You see Kara's coffee is-is-is weak tasting, okay? But-but what Doug was-was imply that it was weak physically. You get it now honey?
Monica: I thought you could use the help.
Monica: Sorry! I'm just—I'm not very good at this! I'm a terrible liar and I hate having to lie to Rachel!
Monica: I know! It's just that…ever since high school Rachel was the one person I told everything too. Y'know? I miss that so much now. She's my best friend.
Monica: (entering) Joey?! Oh my God, Rachel!
Monica: Wh-wh-what are you doing here? (She tries to pull her shirt down to cover the fact that she's wearing men's boxers.]
Monica: Okay great! 
Monica: Great! Umm, well what-what I was doing in Chandler's room is that umm, I was cleaning it! In fact, he pays me to clean it!
Monica: Y'know when I said to you earlier that I was at work umm, I'm at my new work.
Monica: Okay.
Monica: I'll get back to my new job.
Monica: I can't believe we've never done this before! It's sooo good! So good for Monica! 
Monica: That was a half an hour?
Monica: Y'know, I don't like to brag about it, but I give the best massages!
Monica: It's so good, isn't it?
Monica: Say good-bye to sore muscles!
Monica: (entering, in a hurry) Guys! Guys! I just saw two people having sex in a car right outside.
Monica: Ohh my God, I'm so sorry.
Monica: (to the guys) Not the way they're doing it. What, what happened? How did she die?
Monica: What?! What honey?
Monica: Oh, did you catch him?!
Monica: All right, let's go say good-bye.
Monica: Well, at least you scared someone.
Monica: Phoebe, you do seem a little tense. Here, let me help you. 
Monica: What are you talking about?
Monica: (indignant) I give good massages! (Ross laughs.) I used to give them to Rachel all the time before she got allergic! And-and-and Chandler loves them! Watch! (She starts giving Chandler a massage.)
Monica: No he's not!
Monica: What?!
Monica: You've been lying to me? I can't believe you'd do that.
Monica: But the minute we start to lie to each other… (Pauses after she realizes what she's saying.) And by 'we' I mean society.
Monica: No.
Monica: Oh, please, stop! Look, we're supposed to be honest with each other. I-I just wish you could tell me—just say, "I don't like your massages."
Monica: (starting to cry) See? It's no big deal.
Monica: I'm not crying about that! I'm crying about something that happened at work.
Monica: (bursting into tears) My boyfriend said he didn't like my massages.
Monica: Oh my God! You don't know me at all!
Monica: I'm crying here!!
Monica: Huh. So you're saying like umm, if there was an award for the best bad massage, well who would get that?
Monica: So maybe they could umm, call the award the Monica?
Monica: Okay. I suck!
Monica: Y'know, Joey, I think it's time to give up the bag.
Monica: You are so cute! How did you get to be so cute?
Monica: Okay, now you're even cuter!!
Monica: What?
Monica: What are you talking about?
Monica: That's not possible!
Monica: I'm sorry it's just, Phoebe just always thought you were, you were charming in a, in a sexless kind of way.
Monica: I'm sorry, I think that you just misunderstood her.
Monica: This bicep?
Monica: Uhh, y'know actually I was gonna do some laundry.
Monica: Hey Chandler, wanna do it with me?
Monica: Okay.
Monica: I mean I-I don't I think I have enough quarters.
Monica: Oh, is it that pinball machine with the big bow on it?
Monica: Well what did you send?
Monica: Bye!
Monica: Actually, I did!
Monica: Ohhh, oh my God! Oh my God! She knows about us!
Monica: Phoebe knows and she's just trying to freak us out! That's the only explanation for it!
Monica: Them?! Who's them?
Monica: Joey!
Monica: Unless…
Monica: Oh man, they think they are so slick messing with us! But see they don't know that we know that they know! So…
Monica: (in the kitchen with Chandler) Look at them, they're-they're panicked!
Monica: Oh yeah!
Monica: All right, it'll be great! You just make her think you wanna have sex with her! It'll totally freak her out!
Monica: Relax, she-she's gonna give in way before you do!
Monica: Because you're on my team! And my team always wins!
Monica: Just go get some! (Kisses him.) Go! (She runs to hide in the bathroom.)
Monica: She's bluffing!
Monica: You go back out there and you seduce her till she cracks!
Monica: Of course.
Monica: I love you too Chandler. (They kiss.)
Monica: Well actually, Ross doesn't.
Monica: What are you doing?!
Monica: Come on Chandler, come on, I can handle Ross. (They go to the door. Ross is trying to stick his hand through and undo the chain; Monica pushes his hand back.) (To Ross) Hold on! (She opens the door.) Hey Ross. What's up bro?
Monica: I'm so sorry that you had to find out this way. I'm sorry, but it's true, I love him too.
Monica: Guys, you're a few steps ahead of us.
Monica: But what?
Monica: In that cute, little, sweet way she just did?
Monica: I know what you need, you need a bodyguard. Hey Ross, what is Ben doing after preschool?
Monica: Isn't this great?
Monica: Couldn't you just stay like this forever? (His eyes snap open.) Chandler! Couldn't you just stay here forever?
Monica: Are you okay?
Monica: What-what are you doing?
Monica: Man, I knew it! I knew you were going to do this!!
Monica: Get all freaked out because everybody was talking and just joking around about marriage and stuff.
Monica: Oh and you know what I want!
Monica: I do not have baby fever!
Monica: Have you lost your mind? Chandler, this isn't about me! This is about you and all your weird relationship commitment crap!
Monica: You don't know everything. Did you know that I'm going out with Rachel tonight instead of you? Hmm? And did you know that the only baby around here is you?! And did you know that I can't even look at you right now?! (She storms out.)
Monica: Gunther, can I get a coffee (Looks at Chandler) to go?
Monica: I'm still not done not wanting to talk to you.
Monica: What?!
Monica: Really? I'm really tired of being your relationship tutor. You're gonna have to figure this one for yourself. All right? Y'know what? If you're too afraid to be in a real relationship, then don't be in one. (She walks out.)
Monica: (raising her hand) I'm Monica.
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Wait what-wh-wh-what are you doing?!
Monica: No-no, don't-don't-don't do it!
Monica: Chandler, why are you doing this?
Monica: Chandler.
Monica: Do you umm, you really think the best reason to get married is because you're sorry?
Monica: (kneels with him) Chandler, umm, I want you to take just a minute and I want you to think about how ridiculous this sounds.
Monica: Honey! Do you know that none of that stuff came from me?! I mean I never said I wanted to have babies and get married right now!
Monica: Who? Two divorces and Joey?!
Monica: Y'know what? Y'know when I said that I want you to deal with this relationship stuff all on your own? Well, you're not ready for that.
Monica: Oh my God, what would have done if I said yes?
Monica: Well I think the length of teasing is directly related to how insane you were so, a long time.
Monica: Hey!
Monica: (checks to see if it works) Yes, you are so smart! (Kisses him.)
Monica: I know.
Chandler and Monica:
Dream Monica:
Dream Monica: 
Dream Monica:
Monica: Wow!
Monica: Hey.
Monica: Oh yes, it is. I'm sorry I borrowed it, I was cold. I hope its okay?
Monica: I'm sorry, I'll give it back to you.
Monica: Are you saying I smell bad?
Monica: What's with him?
Monica: (cooking something) Phoebe, you were supposed to take that back!
Monica: Hey Joey, sweetie, taste this. (Holds out a spoon for him.)
Monica: What is going on with you?
Monica: What was the dream about?
Monica: Wait, Joey! Joey! That doesn’t mean that-that you're in love with me!
Monica: No!
Monica: Or, it could mean that-that you saw Chandler and me together and we y'know were being close and stuff and then you just want to have that with someone too.
Monica: Um-hmm.
Monica: Well sure! I'm just wearing sweats! (Looking at Chandler and slowly realizing what his point is.) But that's good that you're not in love with me, because you just want a girlfriend!
Monica: You become friends after?
Monica: (laughing) That's right.
Monica: Joey, I thought you were gonna try to be friends first!
Monica: What about the closeness?
Monica: Who is it?
Monica: Let me try. (Gets up to join them.)
Monica: Did I squeeze it too hard?
Monica: Is he doing his shark attack bit yet?
Monica: Get in there man! Flirt back, mix it up!
Monica: (joining him) Wow! She is pretty, huh?
Monica: What happened?
Monica: No Joey, I think he's just watchin' TV. 
Monica: What?
Monica: Wow! For just a week you guys are really close, huh?
Monica: I know it is the best.
Monica: What? It's still going on.
Monica: I-I am serious, I mean, we're, we're all over each other all the time.
Monica: (Start annoying hyper-competitive mode now.) (Jumping up) What don't you just calm down Phoebe! All right?! Why don’t you just get all your facts before you run around telling everybody that you're the only hot couple!!
Monica: Oh no, it is okay, I mean as long as you know that Chandler and I are also very hot and fiery, just as hot as you! I mean our flame, whew, is on fire!
Monica: You are so cute. (She goes over and kisses him passionately.)
Monica: (entering from the bathroom) Hey Rach, a guy from Ralph Lauren called, you got a second interview!
Monica: Yes!
Monica: A kiss? What are you talking about?
Monica: He probably wants you back because you're right for the job.
Monica: Phoebe, do you want to go see a movie after dinner tonight?
Monica: What are you doing?
Monica: (That annoying competitiveness thing kicks in again, what the heck is that with her and why must the writers show it every flippin' episode?!) Oh, we're not seeing a movie!
Monica: Oh umm, that's because I just wanted to y'know walk in on me and Chandler while we were, y'know, doing it all night. Will you excuse me for just a second?
Monica: Okay. (She gets up and walks over to Chandler.) Chandler? Can I see you for a second?
Monica: Okay. (They walk away to get some privacy.) We have got to beat them! {Here we go yet again.}
Monica: 'Cause, Gary and Phoebe think they're a hotter couple than we are!
Monica: So! So we've got to go upstairs and have a lot of sex to prove them wrong!
Monica: Phoebe and Gary are so gonna hear about this at dinner.
Monica: We are the hottest! Huh? No one is hotter than we are! You're the best.
Monica: No, you're the best.
Monica: I am the best.
Monica: (looking out the window) Hey Joey! Isn't that the girl that waved at you the other day?
Monica: Why?
Monica: What are you talking about? (Pointing out the window.) She obviously lives on the second floor, seventh apartment from the left!
Monica: No, those first two windows, (Points) that's the lobby. And y'know the other one over there, that's the stairway. You've been counting wrong.
Monica: You better believe he's tired, after the day we had! If you know what I mean. You know what I mean?
Monica: Phoebe, you have a, a twig in your hair.
Monica: You didn't!
Monica: The park huh? A public place.
Monica: I hear ya. Excuse me for just a second! (Gets up and heads for the bathroom as that annoying Gotta-win-at-all-costs-super-competitive thing kicks in again.)
Monica: Hi Chandler.
Monica: Yes it is. You see I've always found the men's bathroom very sexual. Haven't you?
Monica: Come on, we can't let them win!
Monica: Because Phoebe and Gary are in that-can't-keep-their-hands-off-each-other-doing-it-in-the-park phase!
Monica: I feel really sad that we're not…really there anymore.
Monica: Wasn't it a lot more exciting when we were y'know all over each other all the time?
Monica: Really?
Monica: That is so sweet. I know that I was acting a little crazy but umm, I feel the same way.
Monica: Yeah. (They hug.)
Monica: Did not.
Monica: Okay, I freaked out a little.
Monica: Thank God! I can't watch him anymore!
Monica: Besides, if anybody's gonna get free stuff, it's gonna be me.
Monica: I think it's a great idea. Yeah, we could have a dinner party and just invite her close friends.
Monica: I would love to do it together!
Monica: It's gonna be weird to watch some actor pretending to be Ben's dad.
Monica: That doesn't seem fair.
Monica: Rachel, you can go down there, you don't have to smoke. Just say you wanna get some fresh air.
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Yeah, me too! (Runs and grabs her 3-ring binder of ideas.)
Monica: All right, that's a little sketch of the cake, umm some sample menus, umm y'know what I thought we would start out with Tuscan style finger food, and for music, here's an alphabetized list of all my CDs! I've highlighted the ones that would go really good with the food.
Monica: Oh, we're not doing that. Okay…
Monica: What?! I didn't take care of everything, there's-there's plenty of things for you to do!
Monica: (Thinks) Cups.
Monica: And ice!
Monica: Wait a minute, I can get ice at the restaurant…
Monica: Hey! How'd the audition go?!
Monica: Wait a minute, are you doing Joey's (sadly) "Audition didn't go so well. (Happily) Yeah it did?"
Monica: You got a callback too didn't you?
Monica: (To Rachel) How did work go?
Monica: You stink!
Monica: No, I'm-I'm serious!
Monica: That's so gross!
Monica: Chandler! I have to tell you, you smell so smokey I have to get up. I'm not kidding. (She's not; she stands and walks away. Chandler moves closer.)
Monica: (overhearing that) Why don't you just go out with her!
Monica: Chandler! Everyone--no one's eating my Tuscan finger food 'cause they're all filling up on Phoebe's snow cones!
Monica: Y'know…go! Go! Right there! (Points)
Monica: That's the surprise!
Monica: (entering from the bathroom) Hey! Happy Anniversary!
Monica: So umm, when I was in the shower I was thinking about our first night in London…
Monica: Is that the one that speaks English or the one that doesn't?
Monica: That was some hot love you gave me! I'm gonna go get ready.
Monica: That's a great idea! I was saving them for something special.
Monica: (runs over to Phoebe) You have got to go home!
Monica: You gotta go home and get the earrings that you borrowed from me okay? Chandler wants me to wear them tonight.
Monica: Great!
Monica: (noticing Rachel crawling behind the couch) Rach? What are you doing?
Monica: It's a diaper commercial.
Monica: What's goin' on?
Monica: It's okay. I don't care. It's uh, it's fine.
Monica: It's no big deal, I do it all the time.
Monica: Sure! It doesn't mean anything! Just like I know it doesn't mean anything with you!
Monica: Chandler, this actually bothers you?
Monica: What?
Monica: (following her) Phoebe! I have to have those earrings, we're going to leave as soon as the show is over.
Monica: No you didn't.
Monica: Yeah, it's good.
Monica: Chandler! (Joey and his grandmother shush them and wave them away, which they do.) Okay, let me get this straight, it's okay for you to flirt, but not for me.
Monica: Go on, teach me something about men and women.
Monica: No way!
Monica: Well that's pathetic!
Monica: And this goes for all guys?
Monica: No! You are not gonna run out and leave her here!
Monica: (entering from her room) Phoebe! (Motions for the earrings. Phoebe gives her the one-minute sign.)
Monica: Yeah, what is it?
Monica: (shocked) Wow! All right well, I mean, what can you do? If you lost it you lost it.
Monica: All right, sweetie that's fine. You didn't do it on purpose.
Monica: Look at you! Come here! (They hug.) Feel better?
Monica: (angrily) That is exactly why I do not lend you stuff!! (Rachel looks over at Phoebe in resignation.) Okay?! I mean, first it's my jewelry! And if it's not my jewelry, it's-it's my blue sweater! And if it's not my sweater, it's my sunglasses!
Monica: Yes!
Monica: What about these? These look the same?
Monica: Not as each other! 
Monica: Hi!
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: Ohh, you're about to get a little luckier.
Monica: Oh, honey, the earrings…
Monica: My boyfriend really does have good taste!
Monica: Okay, guys, listen, don't forget that tomorrow is the day that Emily gets married again, so whatever we do, just try to really keep Ross's mind off of it.
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Hey! Oh, I'm so glad you're home, I thought tonight we could finally organize these photos!
Monica: Okay, I've broken them down into categories. Okay, we have uh, we got holidays, birthdays, candids, y'know… And then what I've done is I've cross-referenced them by subject. Right? So if you're looking up, oh let's say birthdays and dogs, you get Photo 152. See? (Hands her the photo.)
Monica: You can also find him under umm, dog and dead.
Monica: All right, hand me that other box of photos; that's the very last one.
Monica: I hadn't! Photo 152 was a prototype. 
Monica: All right, he's keys are in the drawer. Y'know what? I also need some cash.
Monica: Nah, while you're at Ross's if you see any lying around…
Monica: What?! I-I-I don't, I don't do that! 
Monica: (on the answering machine) Rach! It's me! Pick up!
Monica: I need a few more things to make the margaritas. Uhh, I need some salt, some margarita mix, and tequila.
Monica: See if he has ice.
Monica: (does Rachel's) Nooo!
Monica: Well thank God you were here! I mean, we have to erase that!
Monica: We have too! I mean what if Ross's hears that and then calls her back and then they get back together? Is that what you want? Ross back with that controlling, neurotic, crazy Emily? The Emily that wouldn't let him see you?
Monica: I'm his sister, okay? I love him! I don't want to see him get hurt! Come on! Doesn’t that give me the right to control him—help him?
Monica: No, look, she's obviously unstable, okay? I mean she's thinking about running out on her wedding day. (Rachel slowly turns and glares at her.) (Realizing what she just said.) Okay, fine! But I mean, look at the position she's putting him in! What's he gonna do? Ross is gonna run over there on the wedding day and break up the marriage?! I mean, who would do that?! (Rachel again turns and glares at her in disgust.) Okay, fine, all right, but that's y'know, it's different! Although it did involve a lot of the same people.
Monica: Y'know what, this is obviously some kind of twisted joke she's trying to play on him.
Monica: All right, I guess we should go.
Monica: Oh yeah right! (She grabs the money and shoves into her pocket.)
Monica: There's nothing we can do. You erased the message!
Monica: Well, if you're gonna be totally rational about this, I can't argue with you! All right? Fine, if you wanna tell him, tell him. I just don't want to be a part of it.
Monica: Wow! Play that message for Emily and this whole problem goes away!
Monica: Man, I would be great in a war! I mean, I really, I think I would make a fantastic military leader. I mean I know I would make General way before any of you guys.
Monica: No. I think we learned that from the sugarlips incident. I'm gonna get some tea.
Monica: So it looks like it's going really well for you two, huh?
Monica: (shocked) Oh my God!
Monica: I think that is so great! When are you gonna ask her?
Monica: I swear, I promise. I promise. Oh my God, I'm so excited! {And I just can't hide it! I'm about to lose control and I think I like it! Sorry, just couldn't resist it.} All right, listen let me tell you, do not get her flowers. Okay? Because y'know, she cries when they die, and there's the whole funeral…
Monica: (sitting down) Gary's gonna ask you to move in with him!!
Monica: He just told me at the counter. He made me promise not to tell, but I couldn't hold it in any longer!
Monica: Relax! It's Phoebe! Not you!
Monica: Ohhhh!
Monica: That is so sweet! (She kisses him and turns to add some sugar to her tea.)
Monica: (entering) Hey guys!
Monica: Joey, I left my watch on the counter last night. (Goes to the counter) It was right here, where is it?
Monica: All right, come on, I'm-I'm late for work!
Monica: Guys, could you please just stop throwing the ball for one minute and just help me find it!
Monica: What?!
Monica: Really?!
Monica: (on phone, faking she's sick) I-I'm not gonna be able to make it into work today, I don't feel very good. (Joey makes a high throw and Monica has to catch it way over her head.) (Not sounding sick) Yes!! (Realizes what she just did.) (Sounding sick again) Wow! Uh, for a second there I thought I was really better, but I'm not. (Hangs up and keeps throwing the ball.)
Monica: Rach?
Monica: You have scratches all over you, what happened? (Rachel's arms are covered with scratches.)
Monica: (shocked) What?!
Monica: I don't want a cat!
Monica: (To Rachel) What?! You paid a thousand dollars for a cat when you owe me 300!!
Monica: (jumping in front of him) No-no! Don't do it! Don't!
Monica: He's a dropper!
Monica: Oh my—Oh good God!
Monica: So, why don't you just take it back to where you got it?
Monica: Rach, why won't they take it back?
Monica: Look, if you want you can keep it at our place until you find out what to do with it.
Monica: Oh my God, the cat's made my eyes water! Don't-don't throw it to me! My vision's been compromised!! (Quickly grabs a tissue to wipe her eyes.) Oh God! Okay. Okay. It's okay. Man, that was close.
Monica: So you're moving in with him. What happened?
Monica: Why, do you write him a lot?
Monica: Come on guys! Suck it up! We're closing in on ten hours! It's gut-check time!
Monica: Please! I made this game what it is.
Monica: All right, there's some pizza at my place, we can all eat with one hand right? Are you with me?
Monica: All right! Let's go! (Runs to the door.) Let's go Team Monica! (The guys all stop and stare at her) All right, we can work out the name later.
Monica: Rachel! What is your cat doing in one of my bowls!
Monica: Wow! You made a profit!
Monica: All right! Come on Monica! Look alive! Come on, look alive!
Monica: It's okay. It's okay. Just pretend that it didn't happen! Okay? No one needs to know! I mean, Phoebe's not an official ballplayer! I mean, only official ballplayers can drop the ball!
Monica: Okay! Okay, let's race! First one there wins! Ha-ha! (Runs out the door and everyone watches her leave.)
Monica: (To Rachel) Wow! It's really red! You should go see my eye doctor.
Monica: Since we've been going out, I think I've mentioned his name twice!
Monica: It's not Richard! Okay? It's this new guy and he's really good.
Monica: Hey Rach, remember that great song, Me, Myself, and I? (And on the "I" part she mimics poking her eye.)
Monica: Bye!
Monica: Why are so mad at him?
Monica: Well, it just seems that…
Monica: Chandler! You don't have to ask for my permission. (Quietly) You can go.
Monica: Hey Rach, come on! We're gonna be late for the eye doctor appointment!
Monica: No. If you thought this mess is going to bother me, you are wrong! All right, let's go Blinky! (She ushers Rachel out the door, but before the door fully closes she sticks her head back in.) Chandler!!!! (Chandler agrees to clean up the mess.)
Monica: (looks at it more closely) Oh that's an eye removal machine.
Monica: I'm kidding! I'm kidding!
Monica: A small puff of air, now come on!
Monica: Y'know what, I'm gonna hold her head.
Monica: Okay. (Monica backs off.)
Monica: Dr. Miller? (She covers her right eye and reads from the chart) P E C F D.
Monica: I sure do! (She runs over to a drawer, opens it, and grabs a lollipop.) (To Rachel) And you don't get one!
Monica: They're still in my coat.
Monica: I love you.
Monica: I wanna say good-bye at the car!
Monica: Oh, I know! Umm, is it because he's always correcting people's grammar? Whom! Whom! Sometimes it's who!
Monica: Chandler! What are you doing here?
Monica: Not even close.
Monica: Okay! All right! Let's do it!
Monica: Sit down. (They sit down on the couch.)
Monica: Put your head back.
Monica: All right.
Monica: Now, open your eyes.
Monica: How many fingers am I holding up? (She's not holding any up.)
Monica: Oh my God, I was thinking four.
Monica: Yes! All right, y'know what? Why don't we start with a practice run? Okay?
Monica: No drops!
Monica: Okay.
Monica: On three, 1…2…3! (Rachel turns her head on three to avoid the drops.) Now my pillow's all wet! (She was trying to fool Rachel and squeezed the eyedropper.)
Monica: Then why did you move?!
Monica: All right, come here! (She gets up and drags Rachel off of the couch by her legs.)
Monica: I am going… I'm going--Turn it over! (Rachel rolled onto her stomach and Monica rolls her back.) I'm… I am going to get these drops in your eyes. (She is holding Rachel down with both hands and has the eyedropper in her mouth.) 
Monica: (spitting out the eyedropper) Damn! It's empty!
Monica: (answers the phone) Hello? (Listens.) (To Phoebe) It's Joey. (Phoebe's proud of herself.) (To Joey) I'm so glad you called! Chandler told me what happened. Y'know he's really upset about it.
Monica: What did you do to his sweater vests?
Monica: Yeah, she's here. Hold on a second. (She hands the phone to Phoebe.)
Monica: Well, maybe you should send him something. So that when he gets to Las Vegas he'll know that you're sorry.
Monica: (answering it) Hello?
Monica: Hey Joey! Aww, you remembered even though you're a big star!
Monica: Joey, what's it like on a movie set, huh? Do you have a dressing room? Do you have a chair with your name on it?
Monica: Go!!
Monica: Okay! Okay! Okay! (She succeeds in getting the eye drops in and everyone climbs off of Rachel.) We'll see you in about 3 to 4 hours.
Monica: (entering) Phoebe? (Phoebe comes back into the living room) Oh, Phoebe, I'm so sorry. Have you been here long?
Monica: Okay, you can not tell Chandler. Okay? That I ran into Richard.
Monica: The Richard.
Monica: Noo! My ex-boyfriend Richard! Y'know the tall guy, moustache? 
Monica: It was, it was really nice. We started talking and I-I ended up having lunch with him.
Monica: Really?
Monica: The strange part was, he was really nice, umm and he looks great, but I didn't feel anything at all!
Monica: Because it would totally freak him out and tomorrow's our anniversary. I just don't want anything to spoil that.
Monica: I know.
Monica: What?
Monica: It's almost our anniversary!
Monica: I got you a present!
Monica: I know, but you have to open it today! (Hands it too him.)
Monica: (grabbing the gift from him and opening it) Okay! There you go! It's two tickets to Vegas!
Monica: For this weekend! Oh gosh, it would be perfect, we get to see Joey plus we get to start our anniversary celebration on the plane. We can call it out plane-aversary.
Monica: No.
Monica: Oh, he just doesn't want us to go through any trouble. Think of how excited he'll be when we go out and surprise him! Plus we get to have our own, ani-Vegas-ary! A-Nevadaversary!
Monica: But we can go, right?
Monica: Okay!
Monica: Ditch you? Phoebe, you were pregnant with the triplets!
Monica: Aww! I love you!
Monica: Okay!
Monica: I love the "I forgot the present" fake out!
Monica: Oh that's okay. Don’t worry about it, you can give it to me when we get back.
Monica: Okay, I umm, I ran into Richard yesterday and he asked me if I wanted to go for a bite and I did. The only reason I didn't tell you is because I knew you'd get mad and I didn't want to spoil our anniversary.
Monica: Really?!
Monica: Great!
Monica: Phoebe, you don't eat animals. 
Monica: Who are you talking too?
Monica: I'm so sorry.
Monica: I knew you were not okay with that.
Monica: It meant nothing! Okay? After all this time, how can you not trust me?
Monica: You're right. I'm sorry. I should've told you.
Monica: I promise you, next time I will absolutely tell you.
Monica: I can not see him? I mean, you can't tell me what to do!
Monica: Oh y'know what? If you're gonna be acting like this all night, I really, I don't even want to be around you.
Monica: Fine! Happy Anniversary!
Monica: No it is not!
Monica: (to the bartender) Thank you.
Monica: I can't believe this! This is like the worst night ever!
Monica: This is crazy! I mean, it's such a stupid argument. I don't even wanna see Richard again.
Monica: Y'know what? You're right Phoebe. You're right. Thank you! (Gets up to find Chandler.)
Monica: Anybody lose this? (Holds up the chip and the woman next to her shakes her head no.)
Monica: Hmm.
Monica: All right baby, come on! (Rolls the dice) Yes! Yes! I am on fire!
Monica: Wait Chandler, what are you doing?!
Monica: What? Wait! Why? (He turns and heads for the door and she chases after him.) Chandler! Chandler! Wait! I’m sorry, I was just playing for one second! I was trying to find you to tell you that, look if you don't want me to see Richard again, I won't! He means nothing to me!
Monica: Not any more.
Monica: Really! (They hug and kiss) All right? Let's forget about this going home stuff and celebrate our anniversary. (She picks up his suitcase.) Okay, this is empty.
Monica: Yeah, I couldn't be mad at him for too long.
Monica: We have one.
Monica: (shaking the dice) A new pair of shoes for the Chan-Chan man! (Rolls the dice.) Yes!
Monica: That's right baby! Okay, what do I want now?
Monica: Pick a number! That is your only job!
Monica: Thank you!
Monica: Yes!
Monica: (To Chandler) We're not really gonna buy these people steak dinners are we?
Monica: Okay, good! Okay, what do I want now?
Monica: What?
Monica: Okay. (Rolls the dice) 
Monica: All right, biggest suite in the place. Come on! (Rolls the dice.)
Monica: Oh, that's because I had lunch with Rich—Me neither! Okay, what do I want now?
Monica: Hard 8?! We should call it easy 8!
Monica: Shut up!! It just got interesting!
Monica: What did you just say?
Monica: Are you serious?!
Monica: I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.
Monica: Okay!
Monica: Nobody move! (To Chandler) Okay, you look that way; I'll look this way!
Monica: That could be a four or a five. It's your call.
Monica: I think so too.
Monica: Okay, come on, I can't get married until I get something old, something new, something borrowed, and something blue.
Monica: You're so efficient. I love you! 
Monica: No-no-no! We need something old!
Monica: That'll work!
Monica: Okay, now we just need something borrowed!
Monica: That's stealing!
Monica: Ohh. (Rubs her fake stomach.)
Monica: Yep, we wanna get married! 
Chandler and Monica:
Monica: What are you doing?
Monica: No, only because that's the graduation song.
Monica: Are you sure you wanna do this?
Monica:
Monica: Whoa!
Monica: What are you guys doing here?
Monica: Why else would we be here?
Monica: This is insane!
Monica: What are you talking about? If you get married in Vegas you’re married everywhere.
Monica: Yeah!
Monica: Hey.
Monica: How do I tell Chandler that it’s too soon. It’s gonna break his heart, he’s not gonna think that I don’t love him anymore.
Monica: Yes I do!
Monica: Oh hi! Hi! Y’know, we were just talking about bacon.
Monica: Rach! We weren’t gonna miss our friends getting married!
Monica: What are you guys gonna do?
Monica: So, what do you think we should do?
Monica: I know I love you! (They hug.)
Monica: That’s a good question. Look umm, last night we let the dice decide. Maybe we should leave it up to fate again. I love you!
Monica: All right, eight we get married, but 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12 we don’t get married.
Monica: Okay. (They approach the craps table.)
Monica: Ready?
Monica: (sarcastic) Come on eight.
Monica: Wow! I can’t believe I actually rolled an eight.
Monica: Wait a minute. That wasn’t a hard eight! Last night I rolled a hard eight.
Monica: I wanted it so bad! (Pause) Wanna go pack?
Monica: Ohh, of course we are! (They walk up to the elevators.) We left it up to fate. (Pushes the elevator button.) If we were supposed to get married there would be a clear-cut sign. (The elevator door opens to a priest reading from a bible with Chandler and Monica standing side-by-side holding each other’s hands.)
Monica: That kid really kicked me hard on the plane.
Monica: He took my snack!
Monica: Okay! Oh God, y’know what? It’s really bad.
Monica: This doesn’t mean anything, does it?
Monica: Okay.
Monica: No, don’t say it! Don’t even think it!
Monica: I’m sick of the signs! It’s too fast, I’m happy the way things are!
Monica: I don’t want things to change! Do you?
Monica: All right then, then nothing changes! Everything is great! Everything stays the same! And you go unpack because it’s been three days and it’s driving me insane!
Monica: Then all your stuff would be here.
Monica: Then you’d be going back and forth all the time, I mean it doesn’t make any sense.
Monica: Live together? There have been no signs for that.
Monica: YES!!!!!!!!
Monica: Yes! Okay! Okay! Wait-wait-wait!
Monica: Here’s your key (Gets him one.)
Monica: Here’s your key. All right, you have to christen it! Now, go out and come back in!
Monica: Ready!
Monica: Wait! Oh my God! I can’t get out!
Monica: No, it’s not a sign! It’s a very old key!
Monica: Oh my God it’s old!
Monica: I love you!
Monica: No.
Monica: Of course! Joey wouldn’t let you have one?
Monica: Hey, have you figured out a way to tell him you’re moving out? 
Monica: Y’know, I really have to tell Rachel, but I… We just have to get it over with! Y’know, the next time we see them we’re just gonna tell them. Okay? That’s it.
Monica: Pretty much.
Monica: Hi!
Monica: Joey, we have something to tell you.
Monica: Wait! Joey! Joey! Are you okay?!
Monica: Hey Pheebs! 
Monica: Hey, have you seen Rachel?
Monica: I have some pretty exciting news!
Monica: No! Chandler and I are moving in together!
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Well umm, Chandler and I are moving in together.
Monica: Okay, come here! (Phoebe joins them in the hug.)
Monica: Okay, I gotta go find Rachel but umm, if you guys see her could you please try to give her some really bad news so that mine doesn’t seem so bad? (Exits.)
Monica: Ugh, I thought you were Rachel!
Monica: I just tell her, I have to get it over with. I told Ross and Phoebe and she’s the only one left!
Monica: No.
Monica: Have a seat. (They sit at the table.) Okay, listen umm, Chandler and I are going to live together, here.
Monica: Really?!
Monica: Yes, we are. (Chandler is frantically trying to get Monica to correct her.)
Monica: Yeah, he’s gonna work on that.
Monica: (singing) We’ll be waiting for you…
Monica: Soon! I-I just couldn’t before. You saw how upset Joey got! I couldn’t do that to her, she’s my best friend!
Monica: I’m not your best friend?
Monica: All right, all right, at least I’m prepared.
Monica: (slapping his hand) Hey!
Monica: These aren’t for you! Are you upset?
Monica: Rach, there’s something uh, important I have to tell you.
Monica: No! But, I’m throwing this shirt away! I think there was a little misunderstanding before.
Monica: Umm, when I said that uh, that Chandler and I wanted to umm, live together we meant alone together.
Monica: Oh no sweetie, no! This is my fault, I wasn’t clear! I’m really sorry. And listen, you take as much time as you need to move out okay? There’s absolutely no rush.
Monica: Okay. Don’t you want a cookie?
Monica: Maybe, do you need a tissue?
Monica: I made them!
Monica: (entering) Hi.
Monica: So I, I told Rachel it was just gonna be the two of us.
Monica: Really well. Yeah. Surprisingly well. Yeah, she didn’t cry. She wasn’t angry or sad. (Sits down, slightly disgusted.)
Monica: I mean, all I’m asking for is just a little emotion! Is that too much to ask after six years?! I mean what? Are-are-are Rachel and I not as close as you guys?! I mean do we not have as much fun?! Don’t I deserve a few tears?!! I mean we-we told Joey, he cried his eyes out!
Monica: Hey. So um, I was thinking that maybe we should start dividing up our stuff.
Monica: Y’know, no point in dragging it out. Dragging out the long process of you moving out and us not living together anymore.
Monica: Hey Rach, what about this? (She holds up a chrome 5-point star.) Huh? Who-who gets this? See, I don’t know if I want it because it might be y’know, too many memories!
Monica: I don’t know. (Picks up a big plate from the coffee table.) Hey, Rachel, you want the big plate? I want you to have the big plate.
Monica: Something to remember me by!
Monica: But still, it’s a big change. The end of an era, you might say!
Monica: I’m fine! I just, I’m thinking how much it’s an end of era.
Monica: An era is defined as a significant period of time. Now, it was significant to me, maybe it wasn’t significant to you!
Monica: What is the matter with you?!! Why aren’t you more upset?! Aren’t you gonna be sad that we’re not gonna be living together anymore?! I mean aren’t you gonna miss me at all?!
Monica: What’s hard to believe?
Monica: Rachel, it’s going to happen. Chandler is gonna move in here.
Monica: No-no, wait! Just let me finish, okay? This isn’t something that we just, we just impulsively decided in-in Vegas, this is something we both really want. And it is going to happen.
Monica: Yeah, sweetie.
Monica: No.
Monica: I’m gonna miss you! (They hug.)
Monica: I know!
Monica: Who’s Denise?
Monica: Okay listen, y’know when you move in Rachel’s room is gonna be empty, you wanna talk about what we want to do with it?
Monica: Okay, I was thinking we should have a beautiful guest room, right? With a mahogany sleigh bed and bedside tables with flowers on them all the time! And we could have a roll top desk with comment cards on them so people could say how much they loved staying here!! Okay, whatever, I really haven’t thought about it that much.
Monica: No.
Monica: Oh, I’m sorry. Of course I mean that. Interesting idea, umm, talk about it, but no.
Monica: I just don’t think arcade games go in the beautiful guest room. The beautiful guest room is gonna be filled with antiques.
Monica: What do you have against the beautiful guest room?
Monica: Are you mocking me?
Monica: Hi.
Monica: Stop it Chandler. (Chandler is relieved) I’m sorry too.
Monica: Yeah! Oh yes!
Monica: Listen, we don’t have to make that a guest room, we can think of something to do with the room together.
Monica: Totally!
Monica: Oh good.
Monica: Changes?
Monica: You’re-you’re-you’re gonna bring the Barca Lounger over here?
Monica: Well, it’s a set and they should probably stay together.
Monica: See now-now you’re taking them away from their home.
Monica: Yeah-yeah, y’know what? Yeah, that’s it-that’s it, everything will be mine! Nothing will be yours! That’s-that’s what I said! Oh come on, Chandler! I’m talking about the barca lounger! It just, it doesn’t match! Where is it gonna go?!
Monica: Look it is not my fault that your chairs are incredibly ugly!
Monica: Ross, we can handle this.
Monica: Love is the best medicine.
Monica: Why do you do it?
Monica: Yes.
Monica: That’s very funny!
Monica: Ross, you were right before, it was just a stupid fight about a room.
Monica: Yeah, no, me neither.
Monica: You still want to move in together right?
Monica: Ross didn’t scare you?
Monica: Come here, I want to show you something!
Monica: This is where I thought the barca lounger could go! You see you could see the TV and it’s still walking distance to the kitchen.
Monica: Okay!
Monica: Uh-hmm.
Monica: Oh my God! I love that!
Monica: Uh, no!!
Monica: This bottle opener. (She grabs it off of the freezer door.)
Monica: And it’s a magnet!
Monica: Hey Rach, aren’t these candlesticks (holds up a pair) mine?
Monica: Ohh! Yeah, I forgot.
Monica: (under her breath) That you’re a liar. (Hides the candlesticks in a drawer.)
Monica: Wow! Uh what, did he uh, say?
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Phoebe that’s crazy!
Monica: Hmm? (Rachel holds up the candlesticks.)
Monica: No-no, I-I just, I liked them so much that I went out and bought some for myself.
Monica: I loved them!
Monica: Hey!
Monica: How’d the lecture go?
Monica: That you’re not funny or sexy?
Monica: Yeah, but y’know we could sneak in and watch.
Monica: What the hell are you doing?!
Monica: (in an Irish accent) Monica Gellerrr. (She rolls her ‘R’)
Monica: (normal voice) Oh, you can have an accent and I can’t?! (To an exiting student in accent.) Top ‘O the morning to ya laddies!
Monica: Gimme ‘em!
Monica: You stole them from me!
Monica: Gimme them!
Monica: You just wanna each take one?
Monica: Why don’t you phase it out? Yeah, fade the accent out and people will think you’re, y’know, that you’re adjusting to life in America.
Monica: I think you look fine.
Monica: Okay, come on, do it one more time!
Monica: Yes!
Monica: You’re kidding!
Monica: Ross!
Monica: Joey, why don’t you put them in the lost and found?
Monica: Oh my God, what a fun day! That sounds great!
Monica: Don’t worry about it Phoebe, we’ll absolutely do it.
Monica: Come on Chandler, come on! It’ll give us great practice for when—(realizes what she’s about to say and changes)—people with babies come to visit.
Monica: Pheebs, how’s it going?
Monica: Nope, sound like me. Pheebs, it’s going great. Look at Chandler with little baby girl Chandler.
Monica: What do you mean?
Monica: This is so great! This is exactly how we set the plates at the restaurant.
Monica: Oh yeah, I got soap and sponges and rags and Carnuba wax and polishing compound.
Monica: I know. But umm, one time there was this really dirty car in front of the building, so I washed it.
Monica: And six others.
Monica: Yeah, two hours, a lifetime that’s the same.
Monica: Chandler, what are you doing? That thing can put someone’s eye out!
Monica: Oh it’s so cute. I wonder what age it is when you stop being able to put both legs over your head.
Monica: How are you still single?!
Monica: Good. What made you change your mind?
Monica: Damnit! Y’know this whole time we were concentrating on watching the babies and, and no one was watching Chandler! (He does it again.)
Monica: And people will think you own a Porsche because you’re wearing the clothes?
Monica: Joey, you know you don’t actually have one.
Monica: All right, that’s it, we’re going to the emergency room.
Monica: The babies are asleep, I’m sure you’ll be okay on your own for a while!
Monica: He’s got something plastic lodged in his throat, we’ve got to go to the hospital.
Monica: Oh my God.
Monica: Phoebe, what, what happened here?!
Monica: But my apartment!
Monica: But the mess!
Monica: You’re right, you’re right I shouldn’t freak out. ‘Cause this is what will happen when you and I have babies! When will that be?!
Monica: (entering from her room) Hey!
Monica: (thinks) Okay.
Monica: Well, instead of being sad that tonight is my last night together with Rachel we thought we’d go out to dinner and celebrate the fact that Rachel is moving in with Phoebe.
Monica: It’s not your birthday.
Monica: You’re not dressed yet?! We’re supposed to start having fun in 15 minutes!
Monica: Rachel, you are packed though right, I mean please tell me that you’re packed. 
Monica: (entering) Rachel, I need to borrow—You’re not packed!!!! You’re not packed even a little bit!
Monica: What?
Monica: (grabs a bag of those Styrofoam peanuts) I’ll be coordinator! Oh my God! I’m so sorry, I didn’t get you anything! Okay, look everybody has to help! Okay? You can help, can’t you Phoebe?
Monica: You’re plans were with us.
Monica: All right, Chandler can make boxes, Ross can wrap, and Joey can lift things. Now Phoebe, go tell the guys they have to help out!
Monica: Okay! (To Rachel) Oh my God, thank you!!
Monica: (entering and interrupting the guy’s escape attempt) Okay! The movers will be here in 11 hours. Rachel has not packed. Now, everybody has to help! Chandler, we’re gonna start with…
Monica: I thought you said you were going to do nothing.
Monica: Okay fine, now Ross…
Monica: Why not?
Monica: It’s almost 8 o’clock, it’s almost past his bedtime. Where-where is he?
Monica: Is he really coming? Because I can see right into your apartment!
Monica: All right, sorry. (Goes back to Rachel’s room.)
Monica: (starting to cry) Oh God!
Monica: No.
Monica: I’m gonna miss you so much.
Monica: I don’t think there’s anything.
Monica: Nope, she’s perfect.
Monica: Aw, sometimes. Always, actually.
Monica: Not just the phone pen. I never get my messages.
Monica: Yeah, well I don’t think it really counts if you have to read them off the back of your hand after you fall asleep on the couch.
Monica: Hello? (Listens) Oh, hi Ross! (To Rachel) See? Other people call me!
Monica: (on phone) What’s up?
Monica: Oh, put him on!
Monica: "Hi I’m Rachel, is my sweater too tight? No? Oh, I’d better wash it and shrink it!"
Monica: "Oh my God, I love Ross! I hate Ross! I love Ross! I hate Ross!"
Monica: I’m not talking to her!
Monica: Well, maybe you’re right—She made fun of my phone pen!
Monica: Listen Rachel, I feel really bad about—What are you doing? (She sees that Rachel is unpacking.)
Monica: What?!
Monica: It needs to go about 20 blocks to the left!
Monica: Because it’s my apartment!
Monica: How about, you’re moving!! (Grabs a bunch of clothes and throws them into a box. What follows is a brief sequence of Rachel unpacking and Monica packing the same stuff over and over again as Rachel chants "No." and Monica chants "Yes.")
Monica: (entering) I am not!
Monica: No Phoebe I am mad!
Monica: Well, this is the last box of your clothes. I’m just gonna label it, "What were you thinking?"
Monica: Whoa-whoa-whoa, Phoebe you gotta take her! Y’know I-I-I said some really bad stuff about her, but y’know Rachel has some good qualities that make her a good roommate.
Monica: Y’know she has 147,000 pairs of boots…
Monica: She lets you borrow them.
Monica: Do you wanna live outside?! Because it’s gettin’ cold! (To Phoebe) She gets tons of catalogs and umm, she’ll fold down the pages of the things she thinks that I’d like.
Monica: When I take a shower, she leaves me little notes on the mirror.
Monica: When I fall asleep on the couch after reading, she covers me over with a blanket.
Monica: And when I told her that I was gonna be moving in with Chandler, she was really supportive. (To Rachel) (Starts to cry) You were so great. You made it so easy. And now you have to leave. And I have to live with a boy!! (They both break down in tears.)
Monica: Kinda. (She hugs Phoebe and looks out the window. She moves closer to it to get a better look.) Oh my God!
Monica: Hey. Call me when you get there. Okay?
Monica: I’m really gonna miss you.
Monica: Thanks.
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: Bye.
Monica: She really left.
Monica: Thank you.
Monica: Can I ask you a question?
Monica: What the hell is that dog doing here?! (She notices the dog sitting in the living room.)
Monica: Hey!
Monica: (jumps over a box) Honey, that's a great idea nailing the boxes to the floor!
Monica: Oh, So you can move them!
Monica: It's nice to meet you. Janine...?
Monica: Joey, did you even interview this woman before you asked her to move in?
Monica: Uh-huh, what exactly did you ask her?
Monica: Oh, so you like her too Chandler?
Monica: Wait a minute...Joey. Joey you can't ask her out, she's your roommate. It-it'll be way too complicated. 
Monica: Yeah and you better watch the flirting too, cause you know, in such close quarters, it could be trouble.
Monica: (chuckles) Hmm, well you're around me all the time and you don't flirt.
Monica: Did you also have his album, It's Not Easy Being Green?
Monica: So, Phoebe runs weird huh?
Monica: Why don't you just be straight with her? Tell her the truth.
Monica: I don't know. Rachel I'm-I'm sorry that I hurt your ankles.
Monica: We'll see.
Monica: (on phone) Hi!
Monica: Terrible. If-if I want something done right, I have to do it myself. Other people just wreck stuff. I really think I might kill someone tonight. 
Monica: It's worse. The only thing that's getting me through is knowing that I'm gonna be seeing you soon. I think I may even try to get out of here early.
Monica:  Well, are you just hanging out with Ross?
Monica: What?!
Monica: Why is Ross naked?
Monica: Naked?
Monica: Is it the same thing that Chandler had?
Monica: Okay, listen, there's still some of Chandler's medicine under the sink in the bathroom. Bye!
Monica: Is it okay for me to come in now?
Monica: Why is everything different?
Monica: Well, the end table is wrong, The couch looks bizarre and don't even get me started on the refrigerator magnets.
Monica: It's okay. Chandler, are you afraid of me or something? 
Monica: Of course not. I mean gosh, Chandler what you did, it's, it's a wonderful thing and I really appreciate it. I know I have this weird thing where I want everything to be in the perfect place, but I'd never expect you to worry about that.
Monica: Of course!
Monica: All right, hold on okay? First thing's first. (Gets her cleaning gloves on) Okay, now did Ross sit anywhere while he was naked?
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Chandler and Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica:
Monica: (on phone) Okay, great!  Bye. (Hangs up as Chandler enters.) So guess who’s coming to Thanksgiving dinner?
Monica: (not amused by Chandler’s joke) I miss Rachel. (To Chandler) No, my parents.
Monica: Yeah, and y’know, if you could not mention to them that we live together, that would be great! (Quickly trying to change subjects), I was thinking we would eat around four.
Monica: Because they don’t know we’re dating. (Again, trying to quickly change subjects.) Do you think we should eat in the kitchen? (Goes to the sink and the stove to cook.)
Monica: Um, well, I was going to, I-I-I really was. But um, then somewhere, just out of nowhere, I didn’t.
Monica: (trying to change subjects, excitedly) So! Dinner in the kitchen around four! I’ll see you then. (Pats Chandler on the shoulder and goes into the living room.)
Monica: Well, um, because mainly, um, they don’t like you. I’m sorry.
Monica: Maybe because you used to be aloof, or that you’re really sarcastic, or that, y’know, you joke around all the time. Or that you take off your clothes and throw them on the couch.
Monica: Look, I know that I should’ve told them. I know I shouldn’t care what they think. I’m sorry. 
Monica: You really think that’ll work?
Monica: (hugging Chandler) I don’t think you’ll ever get my parents that drunk! 
Monica: Nothing.
Monica: No, sweetie, I-I trust you.
Monica: You’re not gonna mess it up.
Monica: Well, it’s done about two minutes before it looks like that.
Monica: Whoa whoa whoa! Where’re you goin’?
Monica: Oh, Janine, the really hot dancer girl?
Monica: You’re not gonna go anywhere, you said you were gonna eat here, and you’re gonna eat here!
Monica: Dad [kisses Jack], Mom [kisses Judy]. Look! Look who it is it’s Chandler!
Monica: Dad, Chandler was just laughing at your joke.
Monica: Y’know dad, Chandler is one of Ross’s very best friends!
Monica: Mom, uh, Chandler was just saying how beautiful your sweater is.
Monica: (shocked) What?
Monica: Mom and dad just sent me in here to find out if you (points to Chandler) were trying to get Ross stoned!
Monica: Ross, I can’t believe you’d do that!
Monica: You! It’s not like it’s a big deal! You-you don’t still do it or anything!
Monica: Dad, please don’t pick your teeth out here! Alright, and if you’re gonna put your feet up, why don’t you sit on the-
Monica: Ross, if you don’t tell them, then I will!
Monica: Really?
Monica: Okay.
Monica: (faking joy. Rubbing her stomach and smiling at the same time, like Joey said) Mmmm! It’s good!
Monica: It’s so good, that I feel really selfish about being the only one who’s eating it, that I think we should have everyone taste how good it is. Especially Ross.
Monica: (again, lying) I’m gonna go into the bathroom so I can look at it in the mirror, as I eat it.
Monica: Ross? Let’s go.
Monica: Alright, you know what? That’s it. You’ve had your chance.
Monica: (out loud, to her parents) Mom! Dad! Ross smoked pot in college!
Monica: And Dad, y’know that mailman that you got fired? He didn’t steal your Playboys! Ross did!
Monica: Ross hasn’t worked at the museum for a year!
Monica: Ross married Rachel in Vegas! And got divorced! Again!!!!
Monica: Well actually, I-I didn’t eat mine. It’s still in the bathroom.
Monica: Having a perfectly decorated tree is not what Christmas is about. It’s about being with the people that you love.
Monica: Oh, here.
Monica: Aw, I’m sorry sweetie that she doesn’t feel the same way.
Monica: Hold it! Are you talking about Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rocking Eve?
Monica: Oh my God! We love that show! I mean Ross and I have been watching it since I can remember!
Monica: We are there!
Monica: What are you talking about? She just invited him to the biggest party of the millennium!
Monica: We are going to Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rocking Eve!
Monica: Oh my God!
Monica: Okay, here comes another camera.
Monica: If we wanna get on camera, I think we have to get up on one of those platforms. They’ve been taping those people up there all day.
Monica: Oh yeah? Well when you learned how to dance did you forget how to put on underpants?
Monica: Hey, see that snippy guy over there? He’s the one who decides who gets up on the platform. We should go dance by him.
Monica: Excuse me, sir, would it help if I weren’t wearing underpants?
Monica: Man, this sucks! Y’know if Mom and Dad don’t see us on TV after we made them so jealous, I mean, who’s gonna be the losers then?
Monica: What?
Monica: Ross, we haven’t done the routine since middle school.
Monica: Was it really that good?
Monica: Okay, let’s do it. Mom and Dad are gonna be so faced!
Monica: 5 6 7 8!
Monica: Yes! (They run over to a platform)
Monica: I know! Hey, you haven’t been practising the routine, have you?
Monica: Me too!
Monica: Ross, I think we should stick to the routine, we don’t wanna look stupid!
Monica: Hey guys! You found the presents? Chandler, you let them find the presents? Great! Do you know how long it took me to find you that water purifier?
Monica: We were on the platform, ready to dance the world into the new Millennium, and the guy yelled ‘CUT!’
Monica: Yeah. But of course we had to update it a little bit. (To Ross) Hey, by the way, great thinking about catching me!
Monica: What? We could do it!
Monica: I can do it, okay? Come on, let’s go. (She and Ross get up)
Monica: I can’t do it! (Ross falls into Monica’s room)
Monica: Honey, we have been through this before!
Monica: You serious?!
Monica: Really?!
Monica: Bye. (Janine exits.)
Monica: I am so glad you said cooks.
Monica: You got it from Pottery Barn?!
Monica: Rach, Phoebe hates Pottery Barn.
Monica: Yeah, she hates all mass produced stuff. She thinks her furniture should have a history, a story behind it.
Monica: It’s gotta be one of a kind. Y’know like umm, y’know uh, what’s that God awful ceramic fruit bowl she has on her counter?
Monica: I’m telling—If you put that in her apartment you’ll never hear the end of it.
Monica: I am so glad you guys got together, Chandler and I are always looking for a couple to go out with and now we have one!
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: So do you guys gonna come over tomorrow? I’ll make that pasta thing I was telling you about.
Monica: Joey, you don’t have too!
Monica: Tomorrow!
Monica: Hey!
Monica: The dinner will be ready in twenty minutes. This is so exciting.
Monica: What happened to Janine?
Monica: Joey! Why is Janine not coming over for dinner?!
Monica: (loudly) What?!! (Quietly) What?
Monica: Ugh, I can not believe this! I mean, who is she to judge us? We could not have been nicer to her!
Monica: Of course we will, come on we gotta make dinner.
Monica: (from the hallway) I do not like that woman!
Monica: I am loud!
Monica: Chandler, would you like some more orange juice?
Monica: (loudly) I know!!!
Monica: Well, I’d like to but, (extremely quietly) I’m not sure we have time to go.
Monica: We owe you?!
Monica: We didn’t give you any money! (Chandler is motioning, "No!")
Monica: Don’t worry about it.
Monica: Absolutely!
Monica: Good night! (They go into their respective apartments.)
Monica: (bursting in) I knew it!! Y’know, you’re not so quiet yourself, missy!
Monica: (steps up and points at her) All right! You and me! Let’s go! Right now!
Monica: (to Janine) You’d better hope I don’t see you in the hallway!! (They exit.)
Monica: What did I tell you about the hall?!
Monica: Well, I know that would make Joey happy, so, I would like that too.
Monica: Now come on. (They hug like men.) Well, I’m glad we worked things out.
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Bye. (Leaves to resume her garbage removal task.)
Monica: (hearing that) That’s it big girl! (Hits Janine in the butt with the garbage bag) Come on!
Monica: (chasing her) You’d better run! 
Monica: I cannot believe you broke up with her just like that.
Monica: That didn’t work on mom, it’s not going to work on us.
Monica: No.
Monica: Well, you tell a lot of jokes!
Monica: (relieved) It’s only you.
Monica: So do you think that these pictures—Are, are they trying to tell a story?
Monica: Well, she’s not going to find them lying in the grass like that.
Rachel and Monica: 
Monica: Okay, I’ve got a question. If you had to pick one of us to date, who would it be?
Monica: Me neither.
Monica: What?!
Monica: (visibly upset) She picked Rachel. I mean, she tried to back out of it, but it was obvious. She picked Rachel.
Monica: It’s wrong. You know what else is wrong? Phoebe picking Rachel.
Monica: That’s a good idea. 
Monica: Do you know what’s a bad idea?
Monica: That’s right. (A noise comes from the living room.) Did you hear something?
Monica: It’s coming from the living room.
Monica: (entering) Hey, you guys.
Monica: (laughing) Oh, don’t you guys look cute. You guys make such a cute couple.
Monica: (laughing harder) Nothing, I’m just trying to recreate some of the fun that we had at my place the other day. (To Phoebe) Remember, when you picked Rachel over me? That was funny.
Monica: (angrily) It wasn’t funny at all! Why would you do that? Why didn’t you pick me?
Monica: That is completely untrue. You think I’m high maintenance? Okay, prove it. I want you to make a list and we’re going to go through it point by point!
Monica: (to Phoebe) You start working on that list. (She grabs her coat and leaves, too.)
Monica: I know. Where do you wanna go eat?
Monica: I’m sick of Japanese. We’re not going there.
Monica: All right.
Monica: No, thank you.
Monica: Joey, what are you doing?
Monica: Joey, do you work here?
Monica: Joey, what’s going on. What didn’t you tell us you work here?
Monica: So, maybe I am a little high maintenance. And maybe Rachel is a little bit of a pushover. But you know what we decided you are?
Monica: Hah!
Monica: Well, then, I’m okay with being high maintenance.
Monica: I am not high maintenance!
Monica: Why do I have to decide?
Monica: I can’t be fair. You’re my boyfriend.
Monica: Okay, Chandler, you go first.
Monica: Oh, wait, is he the guy I met at Christmas?
Monica: Do you want me to pick you?!
Monica: Continue.
Monica: All right, I’ve heard enough. I’ve made my decision.
Monica: You are both idiots. The joke is not funny, and it’s offensive to women, and doctors, and monkeys! You shouldn’t be arguing over who gets credit, you should be arguing over who gets blamed for inflicting this horrible joke upon the world! Now let it go! The joke sucks! 
Monica: Hi, Chandler. There you are.
Monica: Hey, it’s Phoebe and Rachel. Um, why don’t you tell them what you were telling me earlier about me not being high maintenance?
Monica: Wait, wait, he came up with that himself. Tell them, Chandler.
Monica: Look, I am not high maintenance. I am not. Chandler!
Monica: Ahhh! You are on my list.
Monica: (embarrassed) (To Phoebe and Rachel) I didn’t even tell him to say that. (They hug). All right you’re off my list. 
Monica: (sits next to him) Phoebe, it’s okay that you don’t want me to be your girlfriend because I have the best boyfriend.
Monica: I pick you, Phoebe.
Monica: (entering) Hey!
Monica: (congested) Ugh, they sent me home. They said I can’t work if I’m sick.
Monica: I’m not sick!! I don’t get sick! Getting sick is for weaklings and for pansies! 
Monica: (wiping her nose) I have not been sick in over three years! (Sneezes.) 
Monica: I don’t need a tissue! I’m fine-d! 
Monica: I’m fine-d. I’m fine-d! Y’know, it’s a really hard word to say.
Monica: Rach? (Points to Jill.)
Monica: You bought a boat?
Monica: Okay, so what do you, what do you want to do? Let’s do something crazy!
Monica: Okay, I’ll rest. But y’know if I’m going to bed, then you’re coming with me.
Monica: (wiping her nose) Are you saying that you don’t wanna get with this? (Tries to do a little sexy body rub, but it doesn’t work all that well with the big robe.)
Monica: (in a sexy voice) Come on. (Coughs loudly.)
Monica: I’m with you Chandler! I mean I can’t have sex with a sick person either, that’s disgusting! But I’m not sick! Let me prove it to you. We are two healthy people in the pribe of libe.
Monica: (still sick) Chandler!
Monica: (trying to be seductive) Calling Dr. Big, Dr. Big to the bed.
Monica: How could I be asleep knowing that you were in the next room.
Monica: Come on, get into bed! I want to prove to you that I’m not sick! I wanna make you feel, as good as I feel. (Sneezes.) 
Monica: I’m fine. (She goes into one of those half sneezing, half-coughing fits that you get with a bad cold or flu.)
Monica: (entering) Chandler, I think I’m sick.
Monica: Okay, fine I admit it! I feel terrible! Would you please rub this on my chest? (She hands him some of that Vicks Vap-O-Rub to put on.)
Monica: Come on! I really need your help!
Monica: Fine, I’ll rub it on myself.
Monica: Yeah?
Monica: Are you kidding me?! Is this; is this turning you on?
Monica: I can’t believe it! What is it? Is it the rubbing or the smell?
Monica: Not now, I’m sick!
Monica: What happened to your rule about never sleeping with sick people?
Monica: Okay, if you really wanna have sex…
Monica: Worked like a charm.
Monica: (calling from the bathroom) Is someone there?
Monica: (entering with Chandler) Who? (She looks out the window at Ross’s apartment) Is that your sister?
Monica: God, Ross is on a date with your sister! How weird is that?!
Monica: Oh no it’s not, no it’s not. It’s a first date. I’m sure that nothing is gonna…(as she is talking we see Ross close his drapes.)
Monica: Joey we know you steal our food.
Monica: (To Rachel) Oh, are the drapes still closed hon?
Monica: (crying) This is my favorite part.
Monica: Chandler there’s nothing wrong with crying! I mean you don’t have to be so macho all the time.
Monica: Yeah you’re right. I don’t know what I was thinking.
Monica: Oh, I’ve got it! I have got it! (Gets up and gets something from the dresser underneath the TV.) Pictures from your childhood. This will get you going good!
Monica: Where were your parents?
Monica: Poor thing!
Monica: You’re jealous of Princess Caroline?
Monica: (noticing the bag Joey’s carrying) Oh great! Did you get a movie?
Monica: Guys, what’s going on?
Monica: That’s Phoebe! Where did you get that?
Monica: This is so bizarre. I guess it kinda makes sense though, y’know she had such a terrible childhood.
Monica: Yes, but you are dead inside.
Monica: Wh-what, why?
Monica: Yeah you’re right, we can’t—we shouldn’t watch this.
Monica: (hands the tape back to Joey, but doesn’t let him grab it) Y’know maybe a little bit!
Monica: Hold on a second! What is that on her ankle?
Monica: Hey sweetie!
Monica: (picking up the book) Chicken Soup for the Soul? 
Monica: Why are you reading this? You hate this kind of stuff.
Monica: Oh that’s so sweet! Look Chandler I don’t care if you can’t cry, I love you.
Monica: Stop it!
Monica: I won’t care, because I know you will be feeling it all in here. (Points to her heart.)
Monica: Yeah! And if, and if we have a baby one-day, and the doctor hands it to you in the delivery room and you don’t cry, so what! And-and-and, and if we take him to college and come home and see his empty room for the first time, and you got nothing, it won’t matter to me.
Monica: And-and-and if I die, from a long illness. And you’re writing out my eulogy and you open a desk drawer and you find a note from me that says, "I will always be with you," and you still can’t shed one tiny tear, I know you’ll be crying a river inside.
Monica: What is wrong with you?!!!
Monica: What?! You can’t shed a tear for your dead wife!! Now, I left you a note from the beyond!
Monica: No you robot!!
Monica: No, I haven’t.
Monica: (To Chandler) Shhhh!!!
Monica: Oh my God! Are-are you crying?
Monica: Bye.
Monica: Oh my God!
Monica: Why did they get divorced?
Monica: And what if I was still fat? (To Chandler) Well, you wouldn’t be dating me, that’s for sure.
Monica: He’s not boring! He’s just-he’s just low key.
Monica: Thanks.
Monica: Oh no! What’s the matter?
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Bye.
Monica: Maybe Joey doesn’t have to give you the money, TV stars have assistants right?
Monica: No Joey! Chandler could be your assistant! See, he could answer all of your fan mail and stuff!
Monica: Hey Phoebe! Guess what?
Monica: Joey just hired Chandler to be his assistant!
Monica: Hey!
Monica: (gets up and gasps) Oh my God! Rachel!! (Rachel is stunned to see that her long lost friend is still fat.) (Monica goes over and gives Rachel a big bear hug, which is quite easy for her.) You look terrific!
Monica: You are so sweet to notice! Yes, I lost three and a half pounds!
Monica: Oh my God, sit down! Sit down! How long as it been since we’ve seen each other?
Monica: Rach, he’s a friend of ours.
Monica: (getting up) Joey!
Monica: Ohhh! (Takes the plate.) No! This is my friend Rachel, we went to High School together.
Monica: No.
Monica: (laughs) You realize what you are don’t you?
Monica: You’re his bitch.
Monica: (panicked) Oh wait! You didn’t just sit on my Kit-Kats did you?!!
Monica: What?!
Monica: Yes!!
Monica: Oh my God!
Monica: Honey, having a heart attack is nature’s way of telling you to slow it down.
Monica: Let’s take a walk. (They start to leave.) Y’know maybe you should consider writing for Talking Out of Your Ass magazine! (They exit.)
Monica: Sorry. So how’s it going with Joey?
Monica: Yeah! She’s right in there! (Points to Phoebe’s room.)
Monica: Oh my God! That’s great! Oh wow! (Hugs him.) You’re a published writer! I wish I had a present for you!
Monica: Wait a minute! (Quickly checks her pockets and pulls out…) My last Kit-Kat bar!
Monica: Okay!!
Monica: It’s not mayonnaise!!
Monica: Hey Joey, Chandler sold a story to Archie Comics!
Monica: Yeah, a lot. A lot, a lot!
Monica: Well, y’know it’s none of my business, but aren’t you married?
Monica: Well, you’re not.
Monica: Yeah I can! (Laughs) And don’t think I don’t, because I do! I mean all the time, you betcha! (Laughs.)
Monica: (giggles) Of course I have! What do you think, I’m some 30 year old virgin?
Monica: Say it louder, I don’t think the guy all the way in the back heard you!
Monica: It’s not like, I haven’t any opportunities. I mean, y’know, I’m just waiting for the perfect guy. I’m seeing this guy Roger, all right? He’s not perfect, but umm, I think maybe I should just get it over with. Y’know, give him my flower.
Monica: Y’know what? You are right?!
Monica: Rachel! I’m never gonna think it’s okay for you to cheat on your husband!
Monica: Phoebe, why is smoke coming out of the bathroom?!
Monica: Phoebe! Put that cigarette out!
Monica: Put it out!!
Monica: (handing her a cup) Here you go sweetie.
Monica: But, I put some honey in it.
Monica: Well, you used to like playing the guitar.
Monica: I hope you’re hungry, we’re starting with oysters. And y’know what they say about oysters, don’t you?
Monica: No! Umm well, some people say that Oysters are an aphrodisiac. 
Monica: People! People say it! Come here! (She grabs him and kisses him.)
Monica: And then we’re gonna have a little Middle Eastern cous-cous. Something we can eat, with our hands.
Monica: No-no-no, no! It’s sensual!
Monica: Okay! (They kiss again and his beeper goes off.) Ohhh no!
Monica: I can’t promise anything. (She starts to dig in.)
Monica: Yeah, me too.
Monica: Stop it!! That’s not funny!!
Monica: I’m sorry, okay? It just—tonight was supposed to be y’know, it was supposed to be a big deal.
Monica: You don’t want to know what tonight was.
Monica: Well, tonight was—was going to be my first time.
Monica: All right relax Mr. I’ve Had Sex Four Times!
Monica: How many?
Monica: I was just waiting for the perfect guy.
Monica: No. He’s not a horrible guy.
Monica: Chandler, I’m gonna die a virgin!
Monica: Oh really? When? Do you wanna do it with me?
Monica: I was kidding.
Monica: No! (They both laugh.) Oyster?
Monica: Yeah but see I have nothing to compare it too. So even if you’re horrible, how would I know?
Monica: It’s harder for me! I have those four other women to compete with!
Monica: Absolutely! It would just be one friend (Points at Chandler) helping out another friend. (Points at herself.)
Monica: Noo!! Okay!!
Monica: Umm, do you have any uhh, moves?
Monica: I have no moves. (He moves in to kiss her and she laughs and backs away.) Okay, whatcha doin’ there?! (Giggles.) Oh y’know what? I’m sorry, this is just too weird.
Monica: What if I turn out the lights? (Runs to shut them off.)
Monica: Chandler?
Monica: That’s the couch.
Monica: I know! I’ll tell you something, we are gonna do that again!
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Hey, check me out, I’m a slut!
Monica: Oh I can’t. Dr. Roger is coming over again.
Monica: Are you okay?
Monica: Great! It’s so amazing! I mean, last time Dr. Roger came over, I was so nervous, but then after being with you I’m all like, "Can the doctor see me now?"
Monica: Y’know, I don’t have an appointment, but I sure could use a physical. (He laughs halfheartedly) Are you sure you’re okay?
Monica: Yeah, come on, eat, whatever you want. Dr. Roger got beeped again.
Monica: What?!
Monica: Why would you do that?
Monica: Really?
Monica: Chandler!
Monica: There was just one woman, wasn’t there?
Monica: Including me?
Monica: (entering) Hey!
Monica: Oh, yeah.
Monica: Yes! Why, did you—you forget to make yours?
Monica: Okay. (They kiss.) Okay, I can’t wait! This is going to be the best Valentine’s Day ever! (Chandler giggles and exits.) I can’t believe it! Make the presents! Make the presents!
Monica: I’m just so excited to make the presents! (Chandler does another sarcastic/scared laugh and leaves.) Shoot!
Monica: Sure! Okay, you go first.
Monica: Okay! (She takes her present for him and they move over to sit on the couch.)
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Oh, what a great gift! Is The Way You Look Tonight on it?!
Monica: Oh, I love it! Thank you so much!
Monica: Okay, you ready to open yours?
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Yeah-yeah, you remember how I call you bunny?
Monica: Well, I did one time, and-and I want to start doing it more. See that’s what this is about.
Monica: No! No, she doesn’t. Uh Phoebe, what she makes—that’s uh—they’re sock rabbits. They are completely different—Okay! Okay! Okay! I didn’t make it! I’m sorry! I totally forgot about tonight and the fact that we’re supposed to make the presents!
Monica: No-no, it’s not okay! It’s not! I mean you were just… You’re so incredible! You went through all this time and effort to make this tape for me! Y’know I’m just gonna—I, I am gonna make this up to you! I will! I-I am going to cook anything you want in here (points to the kitchen), and I am going to do anything you want in there! (Points to the bedroom.)
Monica: Oops! (Covers its eyes.) Y’know, your birthday is in a month-and-a-half, what do you say I forget to get you a present for that too?
Monica: We have got to wash that! (Referring to the sock bunny.)
Monica: Do you remember that jacket that you love so much, that you thought was too expensive?
Monica: I wanna wake up early and go get it for you!
Monica: Oop, your cake is ready!
Monica: Who the hell are you?!
Monica: The only problem!
Monica: Hey! Continuing the countdown of your favorite meals. Tonight, No. 3, macaroni and cheese with cut up hot dogs.
Monica: I will! But not tonight. For dinner music, I thought we could listen to that tape you made me.
Monica: The Way You Look Tonight is on here! Dance with me?
Monica: You are just the sweetest. (They kiss.)
Monica: (not buying it) Uh-huh.
Monica: (pointing to the kitchen) Yeah you will! (Points to the bedroom) And, are you kiddin’ me?!
Monica: Okay.
Monica: I am!! (Enter her room and closes the door behind her.)
Monica: It’s Chandler’s way of pretending he didn’t take mime.
Monica: Yeah sure, nature called, she wanted to see who else did.
Monica: You’re on the phone!
Monica: Come on! (The girls all run out and Joey holds up Chandler by smiling.)
Monica: Oh well, it’s not so bad. 
Monica: Joey! He’s working! (To Chandler) You would look good in that.
Monica: Isn’t that mine?
Monica: (pulling Rachel back down) Yes, they can stay with us.
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Wow! So, now you’re going on a date with this girl?
Monica: You’re right, I’m sorry. It’s not like you’re y’know, going out with an ex-girlfriend.
Monica: You dated her!
Monica: All right, well why don’t I go out with an ex-boyfriend and do Joey a favor?!
Monica: Now, this is last minute so I want to apologize for the mess. Okay?
Monica: I know! Now look, there’s only one problem though. There’s only room for one, so I guess one of you will have to stay at Joey’s.
Monica: So Rach! You’re the first guest at Hotel Monica! Umm, you’ll just have to tell me how you like your eggs in the morning. And I thought I would bring them to you, y’know, in bed. Oh, you have been through so much.
Monica: Now there you go! I wouldn’t want my best guest to strain her eyes!
Monica: Does that smell bother you?
Monica: Well you let me know if you can, because y’know I can bake a pie to cover it.
Monica: Okay!
Monica: Hello? (Listens) Oh yes, one minute please. (To Phoebe) It’s for you. It’s the fire inspector.
Monica: So it’s okay to date a student.
Monica: Well Ross, you be careful now. You don’t want to get a reputation as y’know Professor McNailshisstudents. 
Monica: Joey that is so sweet.
Monica: What?! You’re going out with her again!
Monica: Joey! You didn’t even know her!
Monica: Hey! How’s it goin’?
Monica: Yes it has! I made cookies!
Monica: But you should eat them now because they’re hot from the oven.
Monica: (pulling the plate back) Oh-ho! But not in here! Can’t eat ‘em in bed, remember? No crumbies!
Monica: Okay!
Monica: (opening the door) What are you doing?
Monica: What’s the charity?
Monica: Does Ralph mumble when you’re not paying attention?
Monica: Oh, I like Elizabeth.
Monica: Yeah. In fact, I like her so much you tell her I want my cookies early this year! Y’know, a box of Thin Mints and some Tag-a-Longs.
Monica: Well that is great. And seriously, she seems very nice.
Monica: Chandler, do you think we talk about our relationship enough?
Monica: Hey!
Monica: (laughs sarcastically) Rachel is not going to pick your stupid guy.
Monica: Yeah!
Monica: Well, uh y’know, our guy works with Chandler and he’s really nice and smart and he’s a great dresser!
Monica: You’re not supposed to look!
Monica: All right fine, your guy may have a great body, but our guy is really funny.
Monica: Our guy’s a great dancer!
Monica: (To Chandler) Do you want our guy to be your guy?
Monica: Hey! How did it go with Elizabeth?
Monica: Well, spring vacation is doing nice things with your grandparents. Spring break you’re doing frat guys.
Monica: And slept with the professor.
Monica: Yes! We found you a really cute and funny guy from Chandler’s work!
Monica: Uh, would you stop it with that already?!
Monica: Are you funny? Tell us a joke!
Monica: All right guys stop it. Rachel, we’re very sorry that is a very insensitive thing for us to do. And y’know what? Let us make it up to you, we have two really great guys for you.
Monica: In 1981 you were 13!
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Hey!
Monica: We’re really glad you decided to meet our guy.
Monica: You’re gonna like him so much. So umm, when do you want to meet him?
Monica: Eldad, this is Rachel.
Monica: Okay! Okay! We can take a hint! (They start to leave but run into Phoebe with her guy in tow.) (To Phoebe) What are you doing here?!
Monica: No! You can’t do that!
Monica: (stopping him) Sit down! We’re winning!
Monica: Rachel! Rachel! You haven’t touched Eldad’s hair!
Monica: That’s right Patrick, bye-bye!
Monica:  What?
Joey:  I play Al Pacino's butt. All right? He goes into the shower, and then- I'm his butt.  Monica: (trying not to laugh) Oh my God.  Joey:  C'mon, you guys. This is a real movie, and Al Pacino's in it, and that's big!  Chandler: Oh no, it's terrific, it's- it's- y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into show business.  Joey: Okay, okay, fine! Make jokes, I don't care! This is a big break for me!  Ross: You're right, you're right, it is.
Monica:  Yes.
Monica:  Alright, well I'm tearing the lettuce.
Monica:  Oh-oh, no no don't worry, I'm gonna wash it.
Monica:  That's your call.
Monica:  Well, I thought that I would cut up the tomatos.
Monica:  They'r alright.
Monica:  No really, they're OK.
Monica:  Actually, I was gonna do them jullienne.
Monica:  I'm outa here. [Monica leaves]
Monica:  Well, what happened?
Monica:  Was it...
Monica: (startled) Ahh! Aren’t you dressed yet?
Monica: We’re supposed to meet my parents in 15 minutes.
Monica: Wh?! What about my allergies?!
Monica: Oh, stop beating yourself up! People make mistakes! These things happen! There aren’t any message you’ve forgotten to give me are there? (Chandler has a disgusted look on his face.) Apparently you’re not very good at it! I…
Monica: Y’know what? He will forgive you. And I like to bring a pad with me when I go answer the phone just in case… (Chandler gets that disgusted look back.) Okay…
Monica: You had no right to go out with him.
Monica: You sold me out.
Monica: Yes you did.  You absolutely sold me...
Monica: Did you just flick me?
Monica: Fine!
Monica: (To Chandler) You are going to make a joke about my special present! Why would you do that?!
Monica: I think our lover’s spat will start a little early this month.
Monica: We know how tough those parent/teacher conferences can be.
Monica: Ross!!
Monica: How crazy that we’d run into you!
Monica: (obviously attracted to him) Is-is-is there a-a Mrs. Stevens?
Phoebe and Monica:
Monica: Y’know, it is so strange seeing Ross here this time of day, ‘cause usually he’s got the children’s hospital.
Monica: And he’s a great brother!
Monica: Ohh!
Monica: No, you said the baby creeps you out.
Monica: You said the baby.
Monica: Why would the little girl creep you out?
Monica: What?! Excuse me!
Monica: How was your first day?
Monica: Well y’know Joey, you’re a pretty charming guy.
Monica: No sweetie, you’ve got to win over the guy that controls C.H.E.E.S.E.! You’ve got to kiss some serious robot ass!
Monica: Yeah! That’s why I’m sleeping with him on the side.
Monica: Phoebe, stop writing about us!
Monica: Okay fine! Fine! Then you know what, I’ll just write about Phyllis! Hmm!
Monica: (writing on a piece of paper) Phyllis is sitting in a chair.
Monica: (still writing) Phyllis sees what I’m doing.
Monica: Chandler, we said we would meet at the coffeehouse at six.
Monica: We said six!
Monica: Yeah and if I had seven, maybe I would’ve said something like this, "Wow! My boyfriend’s such a wise ass—seven!"
Monica: Ugh!
Monica: What time?
Monica: Inside of telling us you decided to write in your stupid book!
Monica: Hi!
Monica: Oh that’s great!
Monica: I mean think about all the money that you’re gonna make!
Monica: Well, her father pays you for baby-sitting right?
Monica: Oh, I love museums!
Monica: Soakin’ up all the culture.
Monica: Where do you want to start?
Monica: Yeah!
Monica: This would be a beautiful place to get married, yeah, but I wouldn’t put the aisle there and I would never have the ceremony there! (Points to both places.) I mean you’d have the ceremony under this big beautiful arch. (The arch at the entrance to the room.) 
Monica: What?! Are you crazy?! I’m not getting married! I’m not even engaged.
Monica: Well, I mean I guess there is no harm in putting my name down.
Monica: Phoebe, that stuff is…
Monica: Hi, honey.
Monica: What? I-I bought groceries, I was gonna make you dinner!
Monica: Oh no!
Monica: Oh please, he didn’t hear it! He didn’t hear it!!
Monica: NOOOO!!!!!!!!
Monica: Phoebe!
Monica: Have you seen Chandler?!
Monica: The woman from the museum called and said that there was a cancellation and that we could move up our wedding and Chandler heard! (Phoebe gasps.) I know! How bad is this?!
Monica: I know! I know! And he totally freaked out and I can’t find him anywhere!
Monica: Well, I’m never gonna listen to you again, that’s for sure! (Mimicking her.) "Y’know, harm can it do if you go and put your name down?"
Monica: Well Rachel’s not here! (Runs out.)
Monica: (going over to him) I’m so sorry. Please, stop freaking out.
Monica: Honey, we were at this beautiful place, and I-I-I just put our names down for fun! I mean, what’s the harm in that?
Monica: Chandler, please don’t think I was trying to pressure you. Phoebe and Rachel…
Monica: It was a mistake. Please don’t take this to mean anything, because it doesn’t.
Monica: Really?
Monica: I know! I know.
Monica: I’m gonna go tell Joey that (laughs) that you’re back. I was really worried about you. (Exits.)
Monica: Still crying?
Monica: Y’know, I only know of two surefire ways to shut a man up. And one of them is sex.
Monica: I don’t know, I’ve never had to use the other one. I’m just saying y’know, if we’re having sex, he’s not gonna be talking.
Monica: Oh, we have some…
Monica: (entering) Hey!
Monica: What’s the big deal?
Monica: Ross let me ask you a question. All jokes aside, where is this relationship going?
Monica: Do you really see this as a long-term thing?
Monica: Hi guys.
Monica: Oh, thank you! (The gang exhibits signs of quiet apprehension and wears knowing glances.) (Monica giggles.) What’s going on?
Monica: What are you doing?
Monica: Are you okay?
Monica: Yeah. I’m okay. I’m actually—I’m a little cold, can I have your jacket?
Monica: (laughs) Are you sure you’re okay?
Monica: Ohh that’s sweet!
Monica: (interrupting him) Oh my God!
Monica: Oh my God, Richard. (Yep, Richard’s back.)
Monica: Oh God, maybe he won’t see us. Richard!
Monica: Hey, it’s good to see you!
Monica: Yeah—Oh that’s right. You, you always wanted me too. Hey, I see you got your mustache back.
Monica: Chandler, wh-why don’t we sit down?
Monica: (to Richard) It’s good to see you
Monica: And so, we’re hiding in the bathroom.
Monica: So I hide in the shower and the next thing you know they’re going at it right on the bathroom floor.
Monica: Ohh.
Monica: I thought you were going out with Elizabeth.
Monica: Oh Ross, sometimes grown-ups have commitments they just can’t get out of!
Monica: Why don’t you just weigh out the good stuff about the relationship against the bad stuff. I mean that’s what I did when I first (looks at Chandler and pauses) weighing stuff.
Monica: If the school finds out you’re fired.
Monica: She’s leaving for three months.
Monica: Look Ross, the only question you need to ask is, "Do you see a future?" I mean like do you see yourself marrying her? (Ross pauses in consideration.) Oh my God! You did it already! You married her, didn’t you?!
Monica: Okay well I think…that’s your answer.
Monica: Why do you want to see my hand?
Monica: (suspiciously) Okay. (Exits to carry out Phoebe’s wishes.)
Monica: (entering) I had to go all the way to the basement because some idiot keeps stuffing the trash chute with pizza boxes!
Monica: (entering) Hi guys!
Monica: What are you up too?
Monica: Well that’s a little crazy. Although I am y’know glad to hear that you’re branching out on what you look at on the Internet.
Monica: Why?! To celebrate your relationship! To solidify your commitment! To declare your love for one another to the world!
Monica: Okay well that’s good to know.
Monica: Sure, I love this part! (Starts to look busy.)
Monica: Richard!
Monica: Ohh… Oh, that’s okay I hate when people come back to complement the chef. Like I have nothing better to do! So what’s up?
Monica: Oh, good to see you too. Did you come down here to tell me that?
Monica: What uh—What did you—What?!
Monica: Y’know you’re really not supposed to be back here!
Monica: Oh God… (Starts looking around.) Why don’t they put chairs back here?!
Monica: What the… Yes you’re too late! Where was all this three years ago?!
Monica: What were you doing in Africa?
Monica: Ohhh! What are you doing to me?! Oh look, I-I… I’m sorry but umm, this-this-this-this is not going to happen.
Monica: Well he is! Yeah, I mean marriage is all he talks about! My goodness, in fact, I’m the one that’s making him wait!
Monica: Yeah!
Monica: Why? Because of the government.
Monica: So that marriage stuff that you were saying yesterday, you don’t really believe that do you?
Monica: Yeah, but that’s pigs not people!
Monica: Wait a minute. Are you honestly telling me that-that you may never want to get married?
Monica: Oh my God! Then-then-then what are we even doing?! What is this?!
Monica: Y’know what?! I gotta go! Ugh! 
Monica: Have you seen Rachel? Or a mirror?
Monica: Yeah, it’s great.
Monica: I’m just having one of those days where you realize you’re in a dead-end relationship!
Monica: It’s not like I want to get married tomorrow! It’s just that I-I’d like to believe that I’m in a relationship that’s actually going somewhere, that I’m not just wasting my time!
Monica: No I don’t know Chandler! Not anymore! It’s like it’s like something’s changed.
Monica: I didn’t change!
Monica: What?!
Monica: Is that some kind of boat talk?
Monica: What does he think? Does he think I’m just gonna wait around for nothing?
Monica: (starts for the door) Well there’s some people who do want to marry me.
Monica: Yeah! Richard!
Monica: That’s right.
Monica: You just told me that he hates marriage! That-that he’s a-a complex fellow who’s unlikely to take a wife! That-that he’s against marriage and always will be!
Monica: Hi.
Monica: I don’t know why I’m here.
Monica: I don’t know.
Monica: (entering) Chandler is such an idiot!
Monica: Yeah, I’ll have a scotch…
Monica: (moving over to the couch) Still smoking cigars?
Monica: No that’s, that’s okay.
Monica: Uh yeah, I-I actually I thought about you a couple months ago.
Monica: Yeah but it was because I-I had an eye exam and I don’t like my new eye doctor.
Monica: Edward Nevski?
Monica: No.
Monica: But getting over was the hardest thing that I’ve ever had to do. And I never let myself think about you.
Monica: (to the mask) I missed you-you ugly, flat faced old freak!
Monica: Oh! (Laughs and points at the mask.) Him.
Monica: I missed this apartment! Now, this is a grown-up’s apartment! Y’know, I-I should be with a grown-up, do you know what I mean?!
Monica: Y’know, let’s face it, I’m not a kid anymore! I-I need to be with someone who-who wants the same things that I do! I mean coming to my place of work and telling me that you love me, I want that! Talking about pig sex over lunch, I don’t want that!
Monica: Fair? Please don’t even talk to me about fair! Fair would’ve been you wanting to marry me back then! Or fair would’ve been Chandler wanting to marry me now! Believe me, nothing about this is fair! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing!
Monica: Nothing. (She backs away a little bit but is still in his arms and looks up at his eyes.) I don’t kn—Umm. I don’t know. Umm…
Monica: Y’know, I-I… I have to figure…some st—Y’know, some stuff before I can…
Monica: You wanted it to be a surprise.
Monica: Chandler… In all my life… I never thought I would be so lucky. (Starting to cry.) As to…fall in love with my best…my best… There’s a reason why girls don’t do this!
Monica: Yes.
Monica: I knew you were likely to take a wife!
Monica: Come in! Come in! (Joey, Rachel, and Phoebe burst through the door.) We’re engaged!!!
Monica: Oh…
Monica: (yelling at the top of her lungs) I’m engaged!!!!!! I’m engaged!!!!
Monica: I’m getting married!!!! I’m gonna be a bride!!!! (Someone else yells at her.) No, I will not shut up because I’m engaged! (He yells again.) Ohh, big talk! Huh, why don’t you come over here and say that to me?! Huh, buddy?! Yeah, my fiancee will kick your ass! (Chandler starts to look worried.) Come on, apartment 20! Apartment 20!
Monica: Okay! Wait-wait-wait! Shhh! (Bangs on her class with a spoon to make a toast.) Okay, umm, I just wanna say that…I love you guys so-so much and-and thank you for being here on my special night. (Chandler clears his throat.) Our special night. I mean it just wouldn’t be my—our-our night, if you all weren’t here to celebrate with me—us—Damnit!
Monica: Awww, come on—wait—stop it. Okay, to Monica.
Monica: Y’know what we should do? We should all get dressed up and go to have champagne at The Plaza.
Monica: Okay everybody, let’s go! Let’s go!
Monica: (looking at her hand) Y’know what shoes would look great with this ring? Diamond shoes! (Sees Chandler sitting on the bed.) You’re not getting dressed. (Chandler quietly folds over the comforter on the bed making a spot for her.)
Monica: Yeah, but I don’t think we have time.
Monica: (lustily) Let’s do it! (She kisses him and they fall back onto the bed.)
Monica: (chasing after him) Chandler! It happens to lots of guys! You-you-you were probably tired, you had a lot of champagne, don’t worry about it!
Monica: Phoebe!
Monica: Phoebe! Come on! Let’s go! (Knocks on her door.) Come on! (Phoebe enters with guitar and not ready to go.) Why aren’t you dressed yet?!
Monica: (grabs the guitar away from her) No, Phoebe, I’ll tell you what, if you get ready now I’ll let you play it at the wedding.
Monica: Fair enough, now go get ready!
Monica: I’ll get everybody else (Does so), finally we can start celebrating my—(She gasps and is stopped by the sight of Ross and Rachel making out in the hall.) I’m sorry, uh apparently I’ve opened the door to the past.
Monica: (interrupting) Can I ask you just a little question, huh? Why tonight?
Monica: See, I’ve been waiting my whole life to be engaged, and unlike some people I’m only planning on doing this once. So, uh y’know, maybe this is selfish and I’m sorry about it, but I was kinda hoping tonight could just be about that.
Monica: No it’s not! No! No! Now it’s about you and Ross getting back together!
Monica: See yeah umm, you kinda stole my thunder!
Monica: That’s true.
Monica: Thunder being stolen!!
Monica: Well, we’re still talking about it, aren’t we?
Monica: Yes that would be lovely.
Monica: Y’know what? I-I think that umm, I don’t feel like going to The Plaza.
Monica: No-no, I-I really don’t want to talk about it! I don’t! (To Rachel) Especially with you. (Goes into her room.)
Monica: I can’t believe her, y’know it’s just—it’s so typical.
Monica: Paris?
Monica: Keep talking.
Monica: I love you!
Monica: (in a French accent) Bonjour, monsieur.
Monica: (opening the door) Hi Pheebs, what’s up? (She enters.)
Monica: What?!
Monica: Yes.
Monica: Well, let’s just say it’s not the first time you’ve stolen my thunder.
Monica: My Sweet Sixteen! Remember, you went to third base with my cousin Charlie.
Monica: It’s all everybody at the party could talk about!
Monica: (gasps) We had a characturist!
Monica: And yet, here we are doing it again.
Monica: Oh please! Why else would you have made out with Ross?!
Monica: I just thought it would be nice if I could have just this one night!
Monica: Oh, is that why you did it the secret hallway where nobody ever goes?!
Monica: I don’t know! I don’t—maybe you’re feeling a little resentful. Maybe ah, maybe you thought you’d get married first! Maybe you can’t stand the fact that your formally fat friend is getting married before you!
Monica: (yelling after them) I can’t believe you’re gonna have sex on my engagement night!!
Monica: (outside the door) It’s Monica, open up!
Monica: I just wanted to say that I hope you do have sex tonight and I hope that you guys get back together, but I must warn you, the night that you announce your engagement I’m going to announce that I’m pregnant!
Monica: I know why!
Monica: Okay! Why?!
Monica: What do you mean?
Monica: (starting to cry) I’m sorry I almost made you sleep with Ross. (They hug.)
Monica: (entering from her room) Oww!
Monica: I don’t know, my hand feels weird. I guess it’s because, I’m engaged! (Shows off the ring.) How long before it starts getting annoying?
Monica: Okay! (Runs off.)
Monica: (returning) Okay! (Sets down a huge 3" 3-ring binder on the table.)
Monica: This baby has got everything. Take y’know, locations for instance. (She opens up the binder to the locations chapter.) First, organized alphabetically, then geographically, then by square footage. 
Monica: All right, so I haven’t cleared the budget with my parents yet, but tell me how this is for music.
Monica: All right umm, a string quartet for the procession.
Monica: A jazz trio for cocktails. The Bay City Rollers for dancing. Wait, that was from my sixth grade wedding.
Monica: Of course you can look at it! Yeah, I want your opinion too!
Monica: Here you go! What do you think about centerpieces?
Monica: Yeah! Roses or Lilies? (Holds up a picture of each.)
Monica: Oh my God! It’s like one mind.
Monica: Oh dad, really you don’t need to…
Monica: Well, at least you’re not hearing it for the first time at your fifth grade Halloween party.
Monica: Anyway, we’re really excited about our wedding plans, and well I guess pretty soon we’ll be making a big withdrawal from the Monica wedding fund. (Chandler and her laugh, but her parents don’t.) What?
Monica: What happened? You still have the Monica wedding fund don’t you?
Monica: I don’t believe you spent my wedding fund on the beach house!
Monica: You bought the beach house when I was 23!
Monica: What about when I started dating Chandler?
Monica: I can’t believe it! That there is no money for my wedding?!
Monica: I can’t believe this. Do you think that your parents could help pay for it?
Monica: My parents spent the money for our wedding!
Monica: No! No it’s not! It’s not gonna be okay! It sucks! No swing band! No lilies!
Monica: How? I don’t have any money.
Monica: How much?
Monica: Whoa!!! Are you kidding me?!
Monica: It’s enough for wedding scenario eight.
Monica: (To Chandler) How great are you, you little saver?! I mean, the-the amount you have is exactly the budget of my dream wedding!
Rachel and Monica:
Monica: This is the most special day of our lives.
Monica: Honey, umm I-I love you, (laughs) but umm, if you call our wedding a party one more time, you may not get invited. Okay? (Laughs) Listen, we could always earn more money, okay? But uh, we’re only gonna get married once.
Monica: You-you’re gonna have to put your foot down?
Monica: Hey.
Monica: Listen umm, I’ve been thinking, it’s not fair for me to ask you to spend all of your money on our wedding. I mean, you work, you work really hard for that.
Monica: Eh, you work for that.
Monica: You do?!
Monica: Oh, you’re so sweet. (They hug and kiss.) Oh, but wait, what about our, what about the future and stuff?
Monica: You thought about that?
Monica: How many kids were we gonna have?
Monica: What else did you think about?
Monica: (laughs) Y’know what? I-I don’t want a big, fancy wedding.
Monica: No, I want everything you just said. I want a marriage.
Monica: Uh-hmm.
Monica: I love you. (They kiss.) Hey listen umm, when, when you were talkin’ about our future you said cat, but you meant dog right.
Monica: Oh good.
Monica: Sweetie, I think the glasses look great. They make you look really sexy.
Monica: Yeah!
Monica: Of course! (She mouths, "I have no idea," to the rest of the gang.)
Monica: (interrupts him) If someone wants to give us a present, we don’t want to deprive them of that joy.
Monica: Oh, I already have one. 
Monica: Hey, I know I what I want!
Monica: No, you don’t want this. I want to have your grandmother’s cookie recipe.
Monica: Uh-huh, yeah.
Monica: I wanted it for years! I was gonna make cookies for my children.
Monica: Okay. I’m gonna be the mom that makes the world’s best chocolate chip cookies.
Monica: Oh, so you finally took it out of the marina huh?
Monica: What?
Monica: Wow! That’s great! Dad must really like you, he doesn’t ask just anyone to play.
Monica: This is so cool, maybe this is something you can do every week.
Monica: Oh, just so you know, you-you have to let him win.
Monica: He hates to lose.
Monica: What’s wrong Phoebe?
Monica: No!! Why didn’t you make a copy and-and keep it in a fireproof box and keep it at least a hundred yards from the original?!!
Monica: (To Chandler) This is what happens when you don’t register for gifts!
Monica: No! Wait! I think I can figure out the recipe from this cookie! I do stuff like this at work all the time.
Monica: Yeah! I bet I can do it.
Monica: All right, I definitely taste nutmeg.
Monica: You don’t? (Laughs) Well, that’s the difference between a professional and a layman.
Monica: Hey! How was sailing?
Monica: Hey! How was it?
Monica: Oh my God Chandler! I can’t believe it!
Monica: You gave my father a lap dance!
Monica: Listen, I’m sure that dad doesn’t care. He probably thought this was funny; he’ll be telling this story for years!
Monica: I wasn’t escaping.
Monica: I was trying to help out a squirrel.
Monica: (takes the phone from Ross) Come on. (Answering phone) Hello? (Listens) I’m sorry you have the wrong number. (Listens) (Whispering) Okay, I’ll call you later dad. I love you. (Hangs up.)
Monica: Okay, here’s batch 22. Ohh, maybe these’ll taste a little like your grandmother’s. This has a little bit of orange peel, but no nutmeg.
Monica: Okay. Man, I have not made this many cookies since I was in the ninth grade.
Monica: No, just a Friday night.
Monica: The ones we had right after you almost threw up.
Monica: Well, I’ve tried everything. I give up. I guess I’m not gonna be the mom who makes the world’s best chocolate cookies. I do make the best duck confit with broccoli rabe.  Kids love that right.
Monica: Well, I mean what about friends of your grandmother’s? Wouldn’t they have the recipe?
Monica: What was her name?
Monica: Nestle Tollhouse?!
Monica: (grabbing a bag of Nestle Tollhouse chocolate chips) Phoebe, is this the recipe? (Tosses her the bag.)
Monica: I cannot believe that I just spent the last two days trying to figure out the recipe and it was in my cupboard the whole time!
Monica: (on phone) Hello? (Listens) Hold on please. Joey, it’s your mom. (Hands him the phone.)
Monica: Wh-what are we gonna tell him?
Monica: And I have costumes.
Monica: Phoebe, do you think that your favorite animal says much about you?
Monica: Still get a discount on wedding dresses?
Monica: I’m so happy for you!
Monica: What?!
Monica: Oooh!
Monica: (To Chandler) Hey sweetie.
Monica: I can’t tell you. It’s a secret.
Monica: Awww. (Kisses him.) But still no.
Monica: Really? Okay, so why don’t you tell me what happened to Ross Junior year at Disneyland?
Monica: If you tell me, I’ll tell you what Phoebe said.
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Oh my God. He threw up?
Monica: Oh, Nancy Thompson from Phoebe’s old massage place is getting fired.
Monica: That’s right! You lose sucker!! (Pause) Please still marry me.
Monica: Hey! Good, you’re home!
Monica: Hey baby. (Kisses him.)
Monica: I made you a surprise.
Monica: Yeah, tacos! Ever since you told me that story I’ve had such a craving for them.
Monica: Ross!
Monica: No! No. They’re umm… They’re just uh…ground beef smileys. (Holding up one of the shells.)
Monica: Excuse me Mr. Mexico.
Monica: (trying not to laugh) I’m not laughing. 
Monica: You’re right. I mean I’m sorry. Yeah, I shouldn’t be laughing. I should be laying down papers for you! (Runs off laughing which gets Chandler laughing.)
Monica: (running up to Ross) What happened in Atlantic City?!
Monica: (To Chandler) You kissed a guy?!! Oh my God.
Monica: Oh my God! (Laughing)
Monica: I-I already told him everything! (Threateningly) You shush!!
Monica: Ross used to stay up every Saturday night to watch Golden Girls!
Monica: It’s hard for some people!
Monica: Chandler one time wore my underwear to work!
Monica: Ohh, I’m sorry I couldn’t think of anymore for Ross!
Monica: Y’know, in my defense, umm there was no glitter on the macaroni and very little glue.
Monica: No!
Monica: I don’t know! Time to kiss a guy maybe?! (Ross laughs.) What are you laughing at Pampers? (He stops laughing and glares at her.)
Monica: Yeah?
Monica: Ohh, absolutely.
Monica: Yeah, definitely!
Monica: Then, I’d steer clear of Phoebe.
Monica: What’s the matter?
Monica: Oh, my mom called, they’re gonna run our engagement announcement in the local paper, so we’re looking for a good picture of us.
Monica: That’s not true, there are great pictures of us!
Monica: (looking at one) Oh, here’s a great one.
Monica: I know, but look at me all tan.
Monica: That’s a good idea! I bet they have one of those wind machines! Y’know… (Does the whole hair blowing in the wind model type poses.)
Monica: Chandler what do you say?
Monica: Chandler, listen to me sweetie, I know you can do this. Okay? You have a beautiful smile.
Monica: Yeah! (They turn to the camera, and Chandler does The Face again.) All right, maybe you don’t have to smile. Let’s try something else. Let’s try umm, try looking sexy.
Monica: Or not.
Monica: I know. Let’s try a look…of far off…wonderment. Okay, we’ll-we’ll gaze into our future and we’ll think about our marriage and the days to come. (Chandler is still not getting it.) Chandler! What is the matter with your face?! I mean this picture is supposed to say "Geller and Bing to be married," not "Local woman saves drowning moron!" (The photographer laughs.) Hey! Don’t laugh at him! He’s my drowning moron!
Monica: That’s it! Take it! Take it! Take it!
Monica: They can’t all be bad. (To Chandler) Find the one where you make your bedroom eyes. Ohh, there it is.
Monica: Do you really want to pull at that thread?
Monica: (seeing him approach) Hey! There you are!
Monica: Are you okay?
Monica: What?!
Monica: Chandler, what were you thinking?
Monica: Chandler?
Monica: Hey guys check it out! My mom sent me the paper!
Monica: Okay. (She opens it up and shows it to them.)
Monica: Yeah, we really do!
Monica: Wow! Imagine what our kids would look like!
Monica: Okay, the reason why I asked you guys out to brunch today is because I have been doing some thinking about who should be my maid of honor.
Monica: First of all um, I love you both so much and you’re both so important to me…
Monica: Well umm, I was thinking that maybe we could come up with a system where we trade of being maid of honor for each other. Like hypothetically, if Phoebe were mine…
Monica: If Phoebe were my maid of honor…
Monica: Rachel would be Phoebe’s, I would be Rachel’s, that way we all get to do it once and no one would get upset.
Monica: (laughs) Well that’s the best part. Umm, you guys get to decide!
Monica: Because then I don’t have to!
Monica: I’m really not deciding!
Monica: Yeah that’s right.
Monica: Yeah hey, a weird thing happened today whey I was at brunch. This woman overheard that I was marrying you and-and then she…she wished me good luck.
Monica: No, it’s more like a (sarcastically) good luck.
Monica: She was like 30, dark hair, attractive.
Monica: Come on, was it somebody maybe you dated in college?
Monica: What are you doing?
Monica: Oh my God yes! Who is she?
Monica: Did you break up with her?
Monica: Why?
Monica: Fat?!
Monica: You broke up with a girl because she was fat?!
Monica: Well, apparently she does.
Monica: Chandler! (Knocks on the door.) Chandler! I just figured out who you are!
Monica: You’re Lewis Posin.
Monica: Lewis Posin! He was my best friend in fifth grade, and-and then one day I asked him to be my boyfriend and he said no. Do you know why?
Monica: No! But because he thought I was to faaaaa…. (Chandler emerges, without flushing by the way.) And every time I think about it, it makes me feel as bad as I did in fifth grade! Y’know, I-I really think that you should apologize to Julie.
Monica: No, I know. But y’know what? It would make me feel better if Lewis apologized to me.
Monica: It’s pretty clear.
Monica: Why don’t you just stop doing stupid things? Then you wouldn’t have to apologize.
Monica: All right, I…I have to ask.
Monica: Are you gonna break up with me if I get fat again?
Monica: Well, you broke up with Julie Grath! How much weight could she have gained?
Monica: In one year?! My God what did she eat? Her-her family! That’s not the point.
Monica: Well… That’s not the only time this was an issue. You remember when umm, you spent Thanksgiving with us? You called me fat.
Monica: How?
Monica: What if I have babies, okay? I mean I’m gonna look different. I’m okay with that, but I’m not sure that you are!
Monica: Keep going.
Monica: Even if I shrink down to two inches tall?
Monica: I love you. (They hug and kiss.)
Monica: (entering) Hey, what’s going on?
Monica: (gasps) Ohh, wow! That’s great! (Rachel and Monica hug.) Oh wow! We really have to start planning! I have, I have a lot of really specific ideas! We should probably get together like four times per week. You can come over to my place; we’ll get together before work! What do you say, 6:30, my place? I’m so excited! (Runs out leaving Rachel completely stunned and Phoebe laughing.)
Monica: She sent the chicken back again?!
Monica: Well fine! I want to meet this chicken expert! Send the Colonel in!
Monica: (to the lobster) Lucky bastard! (Throws the lobster in and turns around to face the planet’s most annoying woman, next to Dr. Laura and Kathy Lee Gifford of course. She’s the most annoying female TV character however.) Janice.
Monica: I’m fine.
Monica: Oh… Uh…
Monica: Well, she saw the ring.
Monica: Well, she was shocked when I told her, but then again so were most people.
Monica: Well, she actually has a boyfriend y’know herself, named Clark. Uh, she also kinda invited herself to our wedding. Clark too.
Monica: Huh?
Monica: Well, she corned me! She asked if the wedding was in town! I mean, what was I supposed to do?!
Monica: Come on! So she comes to the wedding! I mean it won’t be so bad.
Monica: Oh my God, she’s not gonna like the chicken that night either is she?!
Monica: Really?
Monica: So-so you would’ve just lied?
Monica: Would it really have been that easy?
Monica: Good, so do it Saturday night because we’re going to dinner with her and Clark.
Monica: He might still show up.
Monica: Is that all?
Monica: It’s actually going to be just family.
Monica: What are we gonna do?
Monica: Janice, what umm, what are you doing here?
Monica: (To Chandler) Our kids are gonna call her Aunt Janice aren’t they?
Monica: Yeah, in-in-in the bathroom.
Monica: We’ll just…we’ll just let her stay.
Monica: Kinda like your Barca lounger.
Monica: I never stop thinking about it.
Monica: Oh my God! Oh my God! You have to go!
Monica: Because Chandler still has feelings for you!
Monica: That’s right. That’s right. And that is why you can’t stay here tonight. And probably why you shouldn’t come to the wedding.
Monica: I mean, I realize that his feelings may never completely go away, but you can.
Monica: It's a stupid game and I wasn't playing against other people, so technically I didn't lose. 
Monica: Nobody cares about the Dakotas. (That’s true in so many ways, trust me, I’ve lived in one and been to the other.)
Monica: 'Cause you invited your assistant. 
Monica: Oh! Why didn't you tell me? I made him his own individual sweet potato stuffed pumpkin. 
Monica: Now you think I wouldn't enjoy that, because it is so fake, (Laughs) but I still do.
Monica: All right, I'm out of oven space. I'm gonna turn on Joey's. Please, watch him! Do not let Joey eat any of the food! 
Monica: (entering, to Joey and Rachel) Hey, did you guys know, that your oven doesn't work? 
Monica: Ross, I'm gonna use yours, okay? 
Monica: Chandler? Can you give me a hand? (Grabs her jacket) 
Monica: Ross’s apartment is nice! How come we don't hang out here more often? 
Monica: That's my pie! 
Monica: Uh-oh! Uh-oh! 
Monica: We left Joey alone with the food! (Walks towards the window and looks out) Yep! Yep, I knew it! There he is... feeding stuffing to a dog! 
Monica: Phoebe, why is there a dog in our apartment? 
Monica: Phoebe, there's a dog sitting on my couch! 
Monica: Yes there is! He's black and white and shaggy and [Cut to Monica’s apartment] he's sitting next to Rachel and licking Rachel's hand. 
Monica: I'll be right there! 
Monica: (walks to Phoebe's door) Phoebe! Phoebe, open up! 
Monica: Oooh, I wish she could stay here, but Chandler is allergic! 
Monica: Chandler, if that dog's been here that long, and you haven't had a reaction, maybe you're not allergic to this dog? 
Monica: Don't do what? 
Monica: 1250.
Monica: Yeah. 
Monica: Really? I'd say 3 to 4. 
Monica: When it's your assistant, I would say never. 
Monica: Please, don't listen to Joey, okay. Would you look at him? He-he’s obviously depressed. He's away from his family; he's spending Thanksgiving with strangers.   What he needs right now is for you to be his friend. 
Monica: Okay Phoebe, we should probably go back now. 
Monica: Stop it. Stop! Okay let's go. We can be strong.
Monica: Oh my god! Did you hear that? She said Monica! (She goes back to Clunkers again) Oooh, I can't leave her! 
Monica: That's not gonna work. 
Monica: Hey! I didn't know either. 
Monica: Yeah, I knew. 
Monica: Relax, Ross. She's not made of ice cream! 
Monica: Hi, honey. 
Monica: What? Why, why would... 
Monica: That's right, she came back all by herself. 
Monica: Oh yeah, I remember mine! Ohh, it was my sixth birthday, my dad took me to the park, I got it, and…it bent.
Monica: Did the girl ever let you ride it?
Monica: Making holiday candy for the neighbors.
Monica: I’m gonna hang this basket (Points to the one sitting on the table) on the door and when the neighbors walk by they can all take a piece.
Monica: See? This is exactly why I’m making this candy. We can learn their names and get to know our neighbors.
Monica: Where you can make out with your assistant.
Monica: Oh yeah, what’s the plan?
Monica: Wow! It took you all night to come up with that plan?!
Monica: Did you two…
Monica: Matt Guire, Mark Lynn, Ben Wire…
Monica: Okay.
Monica: The basket is totally empty! My God, the neighbors ate all the candy!
Monica: Joey!! 
Monica: Did you eat all the neighbor candy?!
Monica: They love my candy? Oh man!!! I’ve gotta go make more!! (Starts to do so.)
Monica: Ross! The neighbors ate all my candy!!
Monica: (turning a light on) Who is that?!
Monica: Hi. Do you know what time it is?
Monica: Oh please! (To Chandler) Did you hear that? Little drops of heaven.
Monica: Umm, listen I am sorry, but I’ll put some out first thing in the morning.
Monica: Um-hmm.
Monica: Ross! That is so sweet of you to get Phoebe that bike! When I heard the story, I almost cried.
Monica: Oh yeah! I saw her walkin’ it down the street the other day. She had uh, these flowers in the basket. It was so cute.
Monica: Umm, can we see you ride it?
Monica: See, this is why I told you never get involved with your assistant! And here is no such thing as keeping secrets when it comes to affairs. (To Chandler) Did you hear that Chandler? No such thing!
Monica: I’m sorry, I can’t help you. See? (Points to her new sign.) Rules are rules.
Monica: No kidding, out of towners huh? What did you tell ‘em?
Monica: Some people have been saying its y’know little drops of heaven, but whatever.
Monica: (still talking to the woman) All right, I’ll do it just this once! But you can’t tell anybody!
Monica: (closing the door) It’s unbelievable! I-I can’t believe that sign didn’t work!
Monica: Hmm?
Monica: But they like it!
Monica: Maybe.
Monica: Oh, you really want to talk about getting people to like you huh, funny man? (Joey laughs but stops when Chandler turns to glare at him.)
Monica: Well, they’re just gonna have to wait aren’t they? I’ve only got two hands!!
Monica: No! You don’t know the system! There’ll be nobody messing with the system!
Monica: (opening the door and frantically) Okay, guys! The candy is coming; I just need another 15 minutes for the chocolate to cool!
Monica: (To Chandler) Thank you.
Monica: Did you smoke?
Monica: I’m fine now, but it was really scary there for a while. I mean, someone slipped a-a threatening note under the door.
Monica: Betrothed… (Corrects him)
Rachel and Monica:
Monica: (Offering Ross the skull) Licorice?
Monica: Are you gonna dress up as Santa?
Monica: No.
Monica: About a half an hour.
Monica: No.
Monica: Bing's weird.
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Ahh, Phoebe, I'm gonna miss you!
Monica: Phoebe, don't worry about it. I'm sure she wants to live with you.
Monica: Well, no. But, um, I bet she probably does.
Monica: I'm sorry. But not that sorry, 'cause you don't have to live with it. Um, we have a reservation under the name Chandler Bing.
Monica: (pulling Chandler away from the Maitre d') You need to give him money.
Monica: No, to get a table! Places like are always shakin’ you down. Everybody wants to be paid off.
Monica: You've got to be smooth about it.
Monica: How did it go?
Monica: It's easy! Just keep it casual! Give him a kind word, shake his hand and give him the money!
Monica: I don't know.
Monica: We'd be eating our soup right now.
Monica: (sees two people exit) Okay, those people just left, come on! Quick! Give him the money and get their table!
Monica: It's not just the drum noise. Every five minutes, Joey throws his sticks in the air, and I have to hear, "Oh my eye! Oh god, my eye!" I mean, it is so annoying.
Monica: Phoebe, you got Joey drums to annoy Rachel, so she wouldn't wanna live there anymore?
Monica: What happened to Santa, Holiday Armadillo?
Monica: Wow, come in, have a seat. You must be exhausted coming all the way from…Texas.
Monica: Because Armadillos also wandered in the desert?
Monica: Come on Ben.
Monica: Okay Ben, why don't you come open some more presents, and Santa, the Armadillo, and I have a little talk in the kitchen? There's a sentence, I never thought I'd say.
Monica: (to Chandler) Hey, you think, you can keep it another night? (She has a really teasing look on her face and keeps twirling Chandler's beard.)
Monica: Yes, is that okay?
Monica: No.
Monica: What are you talking about?
Monica: You were invited?!
Monica: My God, I can’t believe this! I mean I knew that mom and dad were invited, but I thought that was it! I mean from the ages 7 to 9 Frannie and I were inseparable!
Monica: Yeah, well you call her and tell her that y’know when we were kids her precious little Frannie tried to undress me several times, okay? And if I hadn’t have stopped her, there probably wouldn’t even be a wedding to go too.
Monica: Joey, that paper’s like a year old!
Monica: Hey.
Monica: Limited seating?! (Screechingly) I am just one tiny person!
Monica: (disgusted) Limited seating! Oh, that is such a lame excuse! That’s not the reason she’s not inviting me!
Monica: Joan?
Monica: Wait a minute, you got Ross Gellar and guest?! I wasn’t invited and you got "and guest?!"
Monica: Wait a minute, y’know, you’re bringing me!
Monica: Why not?!
Monica: Because! She’s my cousin. I mean, we grew up together! We’re family y’know? Well that’s important to me.
Monica: (laughs) We’ll see.
Monica: David who?
Monica: Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?
Monica: What are you doing?
Monica: So! He’ll understand!
Monica: God, you are so strong.
Monica: Limited seating my ass. Let’s see who made the cut. (To the couple sitting to her right.) Hi!
Monica: I’m Monica Gellar. Who do you know the bride and groom?
Monica: Used to work with her. Used to! I’m a relative and I didn’t get invited! A blood relative! Blood!!
Monica: (to the couple on her left) So, how about you huh? How do you know the happy couple?
Monica: Okay, you’re fine.
Monica: Here’s Frannie. Hmm, won’t she be happy to see me? (Starts to get up and great Frannie.)
Monica: Frannie was the one who found your Playboys and showed them to mom.
Monica: Am I doing here? Why? Surprised to see me? Ross brought me. How do you like that?!
Monica: You invite my brother, you invite my whole family, and not me?! Why?! What—Why wouldn’t you want me at your wedding? What could I have possibly done?! (Frannie’s husband walks up.) Stuart!
Monica: Oh wait I forgot my wrap.
Monica: (looking up) Ross, when’s this comet thing start?
Monica: Okay, we’ve been out here for two hours and we haven’t seen any stupid comets. Can we go now? I mean, Chandler’s getting chilly. (She walks over to where Chandler is bundled up in a big coat and shivering.)
Monica: She’s sleeping.
Monica: Deep Impact was the one with Robert Duval, Armageddon is what’s going to happen to you if you wake me up.
Monica: It is in the living room where there is also a light! And no one will kick you in the shin.
Monica: With a wok? (Chandler’s holding a wok.) I thought you were going to read my boring book to put you asleep.
Monica: Here, let me make the milk, I’m up anyway.
Monica: Okay that does sound like fun. 
Monica: The second sister dies?!
Monica: The second sister dies in Archie and Jughead Double Digest?
Monica: Okay, here’s your milk. What do you want to talk about? (She sees that Chandler has fallen asleep and slams the door loudly to wake him up.)
Monica: Ohh! Ohhhh! Were you sleeping sweetie? I’m sorry. Here. (Hands the mug of milk to him.)
Monica: Are you still awake?
Monica: You do know that was me who just said that right? (He doesn’t respond and she turns on the light, waking him.) Hey. As long as we’re both up…
Monica: What?! What are you doing?!
Monica: Yeah. We-we had sex and then we fell asleep.
Monica: Nooo! No, that’s not true. No, best time ever! Yeah, you rocked me world! (She turns out the light to go back to sleep.)
Monica: What?!
Monica: Okay. Okay, I’m ready. Come on big fella!
Monica: Give me the good stuff.
Monica: Okay, I’m up! I’m up!
Monica: That really was some of your best work.
Monica: I have to be up in seven minutes.
Monica: Really?!
Monica: Okay! You get the vacuum cleaner and I’ll get the furniture polish!
Monica: (entering, carrying a newspaper) Hey Ross! So, I was checking out the uh, real estate section…
Monica: Look at this. (Hands him the newspaper.)
Monica: I can’t believe mom and dad are selling the house!
Monica: Well, after 15 years of mom and dad keeping it as a shrine to you, it’s time the velvet ropes came down.
Monica: Oh please! Dad turned my room into a gym 20 minutes after I moved out! I gotta say, a tanning bed and a stack of Victoria’s Secret catalogues, not a gym!
Monica: As much as they love you?
Monica: Hey!
Monica: That was me and Ross.
Monica: Oh that’s a great idea. You’re really good on the phone.
Monica: Oh, that’s okay, I can’t wait to see everything again! All of the memories…
Monica: I used to love to play restaurant.
Monica: Hey, it is unreasonable to expect a child to wait for a light bulb to cook brownies! (She goes to the attic.)
Monica: Hey guys! Hey!
Monica: Hey, I just whipped us up some Easy Bake treats, they should be ready in about three days.
Monica: (wary) Okay. So, which boxes are mine?
Monica: Okay. (Starting to go through them) Oh! A coloring book! (Holding it up.)
Monica: (looking through it) Really? Wow! It looks like I had some trouble staying inside the lines.
Monica: (holding up a glove) Oh, an old glove?
Monica: Wow! Look at this! (Picking up a shirt.) I can’t believe I even fit into this shirt! (She holds it up and it reads: Tyrannosaurus Ross.) (She turns it around and looks at it.) Oh, this is yours. (Hands it to Ross.)
Monica: (holding up a small cowboy hat) This isn’t mine. (Sets it down and looks at the rest of the boxes.) Hey, this isn’t, this isn’t my stuff! Ugh, Ross! (Grabs and holds up a doll.) These are your boxes! Where are my boxes?
Monica: What?
Monica: Just mine?
Monica: So why-why wasn’t Ross’s stuff ruined? (Pause) And if you say the words medical marvel I’m going to Easy Bake your head!
Monica: So wait, Ross’s stuff is fine, but I have no memories because you wanted to keep the bottom two inches of your car away from water!!!
Monica: I can’t believe this! (Storms out.)
Monica: Oh, this terrible! Everything is destroyed! Look at this. (She picks up some kind of furry thing.) It obviously meant enough for me to save it, and I don’t even know what it is! Ohh, it’s still soft. (She rubs it against her cheek.) What do you think this is?
Monica: How do you think I am?! You’ve wrecked all my childhood memories. You love Ross more than me. And I just rubbed a dead mouse on my face!
Monica: (opening it) What’s this?
Monica: (shocked) What?!
Monica: Wait, you’re giving me your Porsche, you’re kidding me right?!
Monica: All right!
Monica: (entering) Hey guys!
Monica: Do you guys know what happened to Chandler’s barca lounger?
Monica: Are you kidding?! I get a Porsche and the barca lounger’s gone?! This is the best day ever! (Runs out.)
Monica: Happy birthday!!!
Monica: It’s your birthday!
Monica: Chocolate-chip pancakes!
Monica: They all came from the list you handed out to us two weeks ago.
Monica: Rach, you’re in a great place in your life. Come on, you’ve got a great job! Good friends…
Monica: Well, doing nothing on your thirtieth is better than doing something stupid, like Ross.
Monica: I can’t believe you bought this.
Monica: All right Rach, for what it’s worth, I think that you’re doing great. I mean y’know let’s face it, no one handles this well.
Monica: Weren’t you asked to leave sonny?
Monica: Heyyy!! You got the door open!! (Giggles.)
Monica: Nooo! (Giggles) Okay. (She tries to pull herself up by Rachel and Joey’s doorknob, but the door opens and she almost falls into the their apartment. She manages to catch herself.) Whoa! (Stands up, unsteadily) Okay. See I was, I was a little nervous about turning (whispering) thirty. (Giggles.) So the bus boys took me out for some drinks. (Pause) I wanna puke on you later!
Monica: Noo!!!
Monica: Noo!!
Monica: Oh no! My parents have never seen me drunk! (Pause) That they know of.
Monica: Really?! You promise?
Monica: Okay. I love you so much. (Kisses him.)
Monica: What about your breath?! (Breathes on him.)
Monica: Okay. I can do that.
Monica: Ross, just forget about it. This guy’s got you totally wedged in.
Monica: Yay!
Monica: (sees someone) Paul!
Monica: Phil!
Monica: Awwwww… (Giggles.)
Monica: All you had to do was buy the card!
Monica: Really! That long?! (Chandler slowly turns and looks at her.) (To Chandler) Look all you want, it’s happening!
Monica: You are so handsome! I wanna make love to you right here, right now! (Growls and pulls him into a kiss.)
Monica: I-I-I wanna thank you all for coming. My family and my friends…
Monica: I really like to say that I’m-um… (Pause) Y’know what I’d really like to say? I’m drunk!! (Mrs. Geller pulls the camera down.) That’s right mom and dad your little Harmonica is hammered!! (Ross grabs the camera out of his dad’s hands.) And guess what! I’ve been drunk before! And I’ve smoked a cigarette! And I got a box of Ding-Dongs hidden in my underwear drawer! It’s all okay. It’s okay because I turned thirty today. And, and I can do anything I want! Because I am a grown up. (Falls over sideways with Ross filming the fall.)
Monica: Phoebe, y’know why don’t we just go upstairs and have some birthday cake?
Monica: Oh man!
Monica: He’s gonna eat the cake!
Monica: I’m glad you’re here, we have a couple of things to ask you about the wedding ceremony.
Monica: Uh, so anyway, we thought one of you could read something during the ceremony.
Monica: Okay, so Ross will be doing the reading.
Monica: Do you mind telling us what it is?
Monica: What is DOOL?
Monica: Who are they killing off?
Rachel and Monica:
Monica: She’s my favorite character on DOOL.
Monica: And the way she slaps all the time!
Monica: Wouldn’t you love to do it just once?! (Raises her hand towards Chandler.)
Monica: What is that?
Monica: It sounds like it’s coming from across the street.
Monica: What?
Monica: Nooo!!
Monica: No, there is no way! It can not be Ross! (She looks through the window and sees Ross practicing and fumbling around with the pipes.) Unbelievable! Why is your family Scottish?!
Monica: He cannot play at our wedding! I mean everyone will leave! I mean come on, that is just noise! It’s not even a song!
Monica: Do you want some shortbread? Eh that’s Scottish like you are.
Monica: No! No-no they’re not. They’re still very angry! But y’know Chandler is also half-Swedish. You know what the Swedish people are famous for? Sitting down and being quiet.
Monica: (interrupting) You can not play bagpipes at the wedding!!
Monica: (entering with Rachel) Oh my God! It’s true!! Oh my God you are so amazing! Oh my God, can I just ask you to do me oh, just one favor?
Monica: Would you slap me? Would you slap me right here in the face?! (Points to her cheek.)
Monica: (breaks away) Oh wait, just one more thing! One more minute! (To Cecilia) Umm, you’re a stupid bitch.
Monica: Nice to meet you! My God you’re great!
Monica: What about the second minister we meet with? I kinda liked him.
Monica: Come on! It wasn’t that bad!
Monica: All right, what about the third guy?
Monica: Can you blame him?
Monica: Well then we still have a problem.
Monica: Well, we’re trying to find someone to perform our wedding and they’re all either boring or annoying or y’know, can’t stop staring at the ladies. (Points to her chest.)
Monica: Phoebe, we’re getting married, married; not sixth grade married.
Monica: Are you serious?
Monica: We’re never gonna find anybody.
Monica: Joey look it’s really sweet…
Monica: That is true.
Monica: It might be kinda cool.
Monica: Hey Pheebs, how’s it going?
Monica: Oh, I’m sorry. Can I get you something?
Monica: Here, take a couple of these. (She gets up to grab a couple of pills.)
Monica: It’s Hexadrin.
Monica: Okay, while we’re waiting for these pills to kick in, I’m gonna sit you down on the couch. Come on. (Phoebe gets up and goes with her.) Get some nice soft pillows under your head, I’m gonna turn the TV on and you can watch whatever you want. And I’m—Sit down—(She sits down on the couch)—gonna make you some tea. And then, I’m gonna rub your feet.
Monica: Hexadrin. (She gets the box out of her purse.)
Monica: No Phoebe, those are like the side affects and stuff.
Monica: Y’know, the possible side affects.
Monica: Phoebe, relax none of that stuff ever happens! They just put it on there for legal reasons!
Monica: In case it happens.
Monica: You did it! You got ordained?!
Monica: Phoebe, your liver is right here. (She points to the right side of her torso.)
Monica: Yeah!
Monica: Phoebe, your face is fine! Come on, none of this stuff is going to happen to you! Stop being such a baby!
Monica: How about receiving?
Monica: I gotcha. Sorry. (To Monica) So, did you ever make him throw up a whole anything?
Monica: It doesn’t say that!
Monica: There you go!
Monica: No that is not what happened with us. Well, I was umm, I was really sad that night because this guy that I was Ross’s mom.
Monica: And then Chandler was, was really sweet and he consoled me. And well we drank too much…
Monica: (standing outside) Cute PJ’s! You’re really livin’ it up here in London huh?
Monica: (entering) Is Joey here?
Monica: Wouldn’t you be?
Monica: Really?
Monica: Well, not anymore.
Monica: I know, I just thought it would be fun.
Monica: Drunk enough to know that I want to do this. Not so drunk that you should feel guilty about taking advantage.
Monica: Okay!
Monica: (breaking the kiss) Y’know what’s weird?
Monica: This doesn’t feel weird!
Monica: You’re a really good kisser.
Monica: Hm-hmm!
Monica: Wow! You are really fast!
Monica: We’re gonna see each other naked.
Monica: Do you wanna do it at the same time?
Monica: One!
Monica: Two!
Monica: Eh, we weren’t that close anyway!
Monica: Okay, can we change the topic? Because it’s really doing nothing for me.
Monica: What?!
Monica: Okay, fine but please don’t be upset! Okay? I was really depressed okay? And really drunk! I just wanted something stupid and meaningless. I just wanted…just sex. So, when I…went to your room that night…I was actually looking…for Joey. (Joey smiles.)
Monica: No because it-it didn’t seem important.
Monica: Noo!! The point is that is was you that was there that night! It is you that I am marrying! It is you that I feel in love with!
Monica: Chandler, please! Do you know how unbelievably glad I am that Joey was not there that night?!
Monica: Wait Chandler come on, let’s—it’s not a big deal!
Monica: Hey-hey.
Monica: Yeah baby! (Phoebe and Joey nod.)
Monica: Honey! Dinner’s ready!
Monica: Your favorite!
Monica: Yep! And lot’s of it!
Monica: Okay, in we go.
Monica: So the wedding caterer sent me this list of twelve appetizers and I have to narrow it down to six.
Monica: Chandler.
Monica: I will.
Monica: No, I’ll do it. You just stick to your job.
Monica: There were only twelve.
Monica: What are peanut butter fingers?!
Monica: This is it. Yeah, this is the one. I can’t believe I found it!
Monica: Well I’m Monica Geller, ball like a baby.
Monica: Have you found your dress yet?
Monica: No, I can’t afford this either. No. I-I-I’m, I’m just to figure out which one I want then I’m gonna get it at Kleinman’s, this discount place in Brooklyn, day after tomorrow they are having a huge sale.
Monica: Yeah! So-so when are you getting married?
Monica: Oh May 15th.
Monica: Yeah!
Monica: Jeffery.
Monica: The best man? Wow!
Monica: Oh, my fiancee wants the Swing Kings.
Monica: All right, listen up. There is usually only one dress in each size so when they open those doors, fan out. Now, this is what you’re looking for! (Holds up a picture of it.) Memorize it! When you locate the dress, blow on these. All right? (She passes out whistles to them.) Three short blasts, when you hear it. Come running.
Monica: All right.
Monica: (To Rachel) Hey! Don’t be a baby!
Monica: No. No. Not it. Not it. Not it. (Checks another rack and another woman tries to reach around her.) (To the woman) Don’t crowd me! (Finds it) This is it! This is the dress! Oh my God, it’s perfect! (She takes it off of the rack and someone has a hold of it on the other side of the rack and tugs on it.) I’m sorry, this one’s taken! (The other woman tugs harder pulling Monica through the rack.) Whoa!
Monica: Megan!
Monica: You came?!
Monica: This is my dress!
Monica: Yes it is! You saw me wearing it!
Monica: What? You freak! You wouldn’t even have known about this place if it wasn’t for me!
Monica: Maybe I do! I’m pretty feisty! (She blows the signal.)
Monica: (handing Phoebe the dress) Go! Go! Go!
Monica: NOW!!!!!!!! (Rachel runs off and Monica gets up to follow her.)
Monica: Oh…
Monica: Hello? (Listens) What?! (Listens) You what?! (Listens) Hey you listen here missy! (Listens) Wh—(She is hung up on.)
Monica: That was that girl Megan! She booked the Swing Kings on the day of our wedding and said that I couldn’t have them back unless I gave her the dress!
Monica: What am I gonna do?! That is the dress! That is the dress! Wh…Chandler wants the band. What do I do?
Monica: How?
Monica: Phoebe, he’s gotta be in the room for that to work.
Monica: Well umm, we were just talking about the y’know, the Swing Kings and just wondering whether y’know, they were the right way to go.
Monica: Oh crap!
Monica: (from the bedroom) Don’t come in here!
Monica: No! We only mess around at his place!
Monica: No, I’m wearing a wedding dress.
Monica: Yeah but I’m not keeping it.
Monica: Oh. I guess you can. Okay but; I-I have to return it, so you can’t like it.
Monica: Really?
Monica: Oh because it doesn’t…really fit. Oh by the way, I-I booked the Swing Kings.
Monica: Okay! But you can’t rip it. Well, maybe a little.
Monica: (entering) Hey guys! Do you wanna look at the song list for the wedding? (They ignore her.) Guys?
Monica: All right? What’s going on?
Monica: I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I-I should probably leave you girls alone. (She heads for the bedroom.)
Monica: Joey!
Monica: Congratulations! Wow! I can’t believe you’re nominated for an Emmy!
Monica: Oh Soap Opera Digest award!
Monica: Honey? Is that something you’re making up?
Monica: (to Joey) Okay, I’ll go!
Monica: Really? (Looks.) My God, he’s really cute.
Monica: Phoebe, I’m engaged!
Monica: Op, can I just tell you something? Very flattered but umm, I’m engaged. (Points to her ring.)
Monica: Well you should be embarrassed. (Leaves.)
Monica: Hey! How’d your date go with Jake?
Monica: Okay, stop it Phoebe, you’re getting me all tingly.
Monica: And did he?
Monica: Okay-okay, I got it. I got it.
Monica: Oh, I haven’t had that feeling since I first started going out with Chandler. Wow, I’m never gonna have that feeling again am I?
Monica: No, a guy would be saying, "I’m never gonna get to sleep with anyone else." Oh my God! I’m never gonna get to sleep with anyone else! I’ve been so busy planning the wedding that I forgot about all the things that I’d be giving up! I mean, I…I’m never gonna have a first kiss again.
Monica: Phoebe, it’s okay. You don’t have to tip toe around me. I-I’ve been thinking about it and umm, y’know what? I’m okay about not having that new relationship feeling…
Monica: See? That’s what I mean. I mean that, that’s great! But I wouldn’t trade in what I have for that. I mean I’m gonna be with Chandler for the rest of my life, and that’s what makes me happy. (Chandler approaches.) Hey sweetie, come here! Come sit down. Hey Phoebe and I were just talking about how our relationship is deep and meaningful. It really is don’t you think?
Monica: Have you seen Chandler?
Monica: ‘Cause I just keeping thinking about all these things that I’m not gonna have and it’s freaking me out. I don’t know what to do about it.
Monica: Phoebe! Come on I’m serious! I just got to talk to him about all this.
Monica: Why?
Monica: You gotta help me out here Pheebs.
Monica: So I’m not supposed to share my doubts and fears with the guy I’m gonna spend the rest of my life with?
Monica: Your mother told you this?
Monica: The woman that got married a bunch of times and killed herself when you were 13?
Monica: Honey, as we get closer to the wedding, is there anything that you would like to talk about or share?
Monica: You’re wrong! The centerpieces are fine! Do you ever get scared at all?
Monica: Doesn’t it ever just freak you out that-that you’re never gonna be with anybody new again?
Monica: Just, I love you so much. Just…It’s just sometimes it bothers me that I’m never gonna have that feeling. Y’know when you meet someone for the first time and it’s new and exciting? Y’know that rush?
Monica: Okay, but all right you’re a guy, does it not freak you that you’re never gonna sleep with anybody else?
Monica: Even with me?
Monica: Really?
Monica: Come here! Come here! (They hug.) Sweetie you don’t have to worry. No, besides y’know what? I’m gonna have a lot of new things with you. The first time we buy a house. Our first kid. Our first grandkid…
Monica: What was it for?
Monica: Wow!
Monica: Yeah. But a part of me also can’t wait ‘til it’s over. Chandler and I have this pact not to have sex again until the wedding.
Monica: Hey Phoebe, will you give me a hand? 
Monica: I gotta make up the guest bedroom. (To Ross) Hey, Cousin Cassie is coming to stay with us a few days.
Monica: Uh-hmm.
Monica: Ross, she’s 25 years old.
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Subtle guys!
Monica: I know you’re planning my surprise bridal shower.
Monica: Okay. Sorry. (She goes into the guest bedroom.)
Monica: Hey! What did you decide to do about the movie?
Monica: That’s what you say about porn.
Monica: No! No you should! A lot of major actors do nude scenes! I mean the chance to star in a movie? Come on!
Monica: Plus, everyone’s gonna see your thing. (Giggles.)
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Oh boy me too!
Monica: Yeah?
Monica: The wedding is off, sloppy and immature!
Monica: Okay. (They both jump up to head for there room, but Monica stops.) But wait, we can’t. My Cousin Cassie is in the guest room, we’re supposed to have lunch.
Monica: Shrill?! The wedding is back on!
Monica: So, are you ready to go?
Monica: (catching him) Chandler!
Monica: (To Ross) Cassie needs to stay at your place.
Monica: Because Purvry Perverson over here can’t stop staring at her.
Monica: You were staring about eight inches south of there.
Monica: She looks exactly like Aunt Marilyn.
Monica: Wafer thin ice!
Monica: So to get this part you can’t be?
Monica: But you are?
Monica: But you told them you weren’t?
Monica: Wow! Wow! And it’s definitely all gone? There’s nothing there to work with? (Joey glares at her.) What were you thinking?
Monica: Joey! This is not like learning to ride a horse! This is like learning to…grow a turtleneck!
Monica: Oh my God, what are you gonna do?!
Monica: Unless!
Monica: Well, this may sound crazy, but there maybe something we could fashion.
Monica: Well I’m not sure yet, but umm of the top of my head I’m thinking double sided tape and some sort of luncheon meat.
Monica: (entering) Hey!
Monica: Well uh, I’m trying to make something for Joey. Do you mind if I raid your fridge?
Monica: Okay. (Opens the fridge.) All right, turkey. Eh, that won’t work. Cheese? (Picks it up) That won’t work. Olive loaf? (Picks it up) I hope that won’t work.
Monica: No it’s umm, more like a wrap. Okay so uh, I’m gonna go guys. 
Monica: I guess you can get back to deciding on what to get me for a present! (Runs out.)
Monica: Okay, we have a lot of options here, a number of prototypes for you to try on.
Monica: Yeah! Okay, this one is a mushroom cap. (Points to it.) Umm, this one is made of bologna. (Points.)
Monica: Oh, just until the glue dries.
Monica: (to a whole group) Now, these are-are more realistic, but perishable. 
Monica: Okay? (To a different group) Over here we have pink suede, which is nice. But umm, if it gets wet then you know it’s gonna shrink.
Monica: I also, did a little something in fur. But umm, that’s really just for me. (Rubs it against her cheek.) Okay. So, why don’t you go into your room and try these on and we’ll see—get a better idea of what’s gonna work.
Monica: Toothpick?
Monica: What are you trying on now?
Monica: And?
Monica: Joey!
Monica: What?! Which one?!
Monica: Phoebe! Rachel! It’s Monica! I wonder what you could possibly need me for on such short notice! (She bursts into the apartment to find only Phoebe and Rachel sitting on the couch.) Oh.
Monica: For what?
Monica: You al-you already had it?
Monica: Well no wait a minute that’s not true! No, what did, that was really sweet. And it kinda works out for the best.
Monica: Well now, I get to spend my shower with the only people I really love! I mean, I get all those presents (Motions to the pile in the corner) without having to talk to people I don’t even like!
Monica: Wait a minute, she isn’t… She’s not the one who you…
Monica: Wow!
Monica: (To Joey) They were lovers.
Monica: (telling Chandler the seating arrangement) Okay so this is where the band is. (Points.) And this is where the bar is. (Points) And all these pins have people’s names on them. (She has pins to show the seating at each of the tables.) And Rach, here you are. (Points to Rachel’s place.)
Monica: (To Chandler) Okay, the red ones are my guests and the blue ones are yours.
Monica: Chandler, relax it’s not a contest. (To Rachel) Certainly not a close one.
Monica: Okay, I think that’s it. The seating chart is done. This is our wedding. They all look like they’re having fun don’t they?
Monica: Oh! (Gets up) Let’s see, well…if this is the wedding hall then umm (Walks away) you’re parents will be at home in Queens.
Monica: Why would they think they’re invited?
Monica: Joey!
Monica: Ross’s parents are my parents!
Monica: Oh please, you just want more blue pins.
Monica: All right, all right. Maybe I can fit them in if I just do some rearranging. But uh, Rachel may actually have to sit at the bar!
Monica: Hey. Oh good-good you’re here! All right, I figured it out. I’m gonna take two tables of eight, I’m gonna add your parents, and I’m gonna turn them into three tables of six. Okay? And I called the caterer; I added two extra meals, we are good to go!
Monica: (looking at him) What?!
Monica: Oh that’s too bad. It’s true, but too bad.
Monica: Oh Joey!
Monica: No she hasn’t.
Monica: Well, what am I going to say?
Monica: (on phone) Hello? (Listens) Yeah, hi! Mrs. Tribbiani? (Listens) Hi, this is Monica Geller. (Listens) Yeah I’m just calling to say that Chandler and I uh, really hope you can make it to the wedding. Yeah, apparently a bunch of invitations that we sent weren’t delivered. Umm, I guess there was some screw up at the damn post office! (Joey nods his approval.) (Listens) T-Tell me about it! (Listens) Yeah, yeah, the US Post Office? No, more like US lost office! (Listens) What are they Irish?! (Joey gives her a thumbs up.)
Monica: Well, he did manage to keep his identity secret for a long time.
Monica: What are you talking about?! 007 has all those gadgets!
Monica: 007 has a fancy car!
Monica: 007 gets all the ladies.
Monica: How about you go put on your 007 tuxedo and I’ll make you a nice martini.
Monica: How about a Youhoo with a funny straw?
Monica: Hey.
Monica: The show?!
Monica: Have you ever been to one of my weddings?
Monica: The wedding starts at six.
Monica: You’ll vamp?!
Monica: You just carry that around?
Monica: Between you and…
Monica: A little tight? I could see double-oh and seven in those pants.
Monica: All right that’s it, I give up! Whatever you want you can have it! You wanna sing a song? You wanna do a dance? You want your mom stand at the Alter and scream racial slurs? I don’t care!
Monica: (defeated) Oh.
Monica: Do you realize that four weeks from today we’re getting married? Four weeks baby!! Four weeks!!!
Monica: There’s still so much to do. Have you written your vows yet?
Monica: Sweetie, you know I have no sense of humor when it comes to the wedding.
Monica: No! But I know exactly what I’m going to say.
Monica: (handing him a pad of paper and a pen) Let’s just do it right now. Okay? It won’t be hard. Just say what’s in your heart. (She goes back, sits down, and starts feverishly writing.)
Monica: You have to help me! I’m supposed to be writing my vows and all I have is this! (Shows them what she’s been working on.)
Monica: Thank you.
Monica: Those are my eyes! Those are my breasts. (Points.)
Fat Monica: Hi, I'm Ross's little sister.
Monica: Ennnh.
Monica: Ooh, are we allowed to lie in the vows?!
Monica: Now everybody knows the basic erogenous zones. (She starts labelling them) You got one, two three, four (Chandler is shocked to find out there’s more than three), five, six, and seven!
Monica: It’s kind of an important one!
Monica: All right. Umm, you could uh start out with a little 1, a 2, a 1-2-3, 3, 5, a 4, a 3-2, 2, a 2-4-6, 2-4-6, 4, (Rachel starts getting worked up) 2, 2, 4-7, 5-7, 6-7, 7 …7..…7…7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7…(mouths 7)! (They both lean back on the couch satisfied.)
Monica: No fair. I don't even have one. How come they get two?
Monica: Oh yeah? When?
Monica: Why won't I be married when I'm 40?
Monica: Ok, hypothetically, why won't I be married when I'm 40?
Monica: What is it? Is there something fundamentally unmarriable about me?
Monica: Well?
Monica: 
Monica: Wait, wait, wait! (She puts a Shriner's hat on the turkey.)
Monica: Look! (She puts a big, yellow pair of sunglasses on the bird.)
Monica: I bet this will work! (She starts dancing and Chandler cracks up.)
Monica: What?
Monica: You said you loved me! I can't believe this!
Monica: Yes, you did!
Monica: You love me!
Monica: Then all your stuff would be here.
Monica: Then you’d be going back and forth all the time, I mean it doesn’t make any sense.
Monica: You wanted it to be a surprise.
Monica: Chandler… In all my life… I never thought I would be so lucky. (Starting to cry.) As to…fall in love with my best…my best… There’s a reason why girls don’t do this!
Monica: Yes.
Monica: Come in! Come in! (Joey, Rachel, and Phoebe burst through the door.) We’re engaged!!!
Monica: Chicken? I could eat some chicken.
Monica: Yes, but you cannot tell anyone! No one knows!
Monica: Please? Please?! We just don't want to deal with telling everyone, okay? Just promise you won't tell.
Monica: (on phone) I can't wait to be with you!  I'll just tell Rachel I'm gonna be doing laundry for a couple of hours.
Monica: (on phone) Awww, y'know what your nickname is, Mr. Big…
Monica: Bye!
Monica: Actually, I did!
Monica: Ohhh, oh my God! Oh my God! She knows about us!
Monica: Them?! Who's them?
Monica: Joey!
Monica: Oh man, they think they are so slick messing with us! But see they don't know that we know that they know! So…
Monica: She's bluffing!
Monica: You go back out there and you seduce her till she cracks!
Monica: Of course.
Monica: I love you too Chandler. (They kiss.)
Monica: Well actually, Ross doesn't.
Monica: Oh, that's Nana, right there in the middle. (Reads the back) 'Me and the gang at Java Joe's'. 
Monica: Let's see, 1939... yeah, 24, 25?
Monica: Hey, you guys!
Monica: Oh that’s so sweet.
Monica: Yeah, I don’t hear Chandler’s and he doesn’t hear mine.
Monica: Chandler!!
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Yeah, well he’s my brother! And plus he drives so slow he could never hurt it.
Monica: Whatever Ross! Just replace the bulbs in the brake lights after you’re done.
Monica: Nice work everybody! So much for the y’know, "You can drive it, but don’t tell Rachel" plan!
Monica: Great! Well Rachel, the reason why I won’t let you drive the Porsche is because you’re a terrible driver. There! That wasn’t about the wedding.
Monica: Chandler, we still haven’t gotten an RSVP from your dad.
Monica: Chandler! He’s your father; he should be at the wedding.
Monica: Well what are you gonna do when he finds out he wasn’t even asked?!
Monica: So what! As long as he’s not wearing a white dress and a veil I don’t care.
Monica: Here! (She sets a bag down in front of him.)
Monica: It’s your suitcase. We’re going to Las Vegas.
Monica: We’re going to Las Vegas to see your dad. It’s time you two talked, and I want to get to know my father-in-law.
Monica: No you didn’t. Oh and honey just so you know, now that you’re marrying me, you don’t get to win anymore.
Monica: Chandler, look I-I know that your dad embarrassed you. I know…
Monica: Hey, the point is that he was at everyone of your swim meets and he was there cheering you on! Okay? That’s a, that’s a pretty great dad.
Monica: Who’s Mr. Girabaldi?
Monica: Chandler, you’re not fourteen anymore. Okay? Maybe it’s time that you let that stuff go. If your father’s not at your wedding…you’re gonna regret it for the rest of your life.
Monica: Yes!
Monica: How much did ever really win before?
Monica: Uh oh yeah, she did. Uh, he did. (To Chandler) She? (To the waiter) I’m-I’m sorry I’m new. I don’t…
Monica: I still say that if we had called your dad we coulda gotten better seats.
Monica: Why not?!
Monica: What?!
Monica: That can’t be your father.
Monica: What?
Monica: Relax! You’ll be fine. (Chandler exhales and turns off the table light.) Oh much better. You’re invisible now.
Monica: Can we have our drinks please?! Waiter—Uh, tress!
Monica: I’m-I’m Monica.
Monica: New York.
Monica: (looks at Chandler) In…in two weeks.
Monica: (To Chandler) You okay?
Monica: Do you realize this is probably the last time we’ll all be here in the coffee house as six single people?
Monica: Old?
Monica: That’s much better.
Monica: We’re gonna pick up the wedding dress then we’re gonna have lunch with mom. (Joey stands up.)
Monica: I’m making a list of all the things that are most likely to go wrong at the wedding. Now, that way I can be prepared.
Monica: Well, so far I have uh, my bride’s maids dresses won’t get picked up, my veil gets lost, or I don’t have my something blue.
Monica: I had to go with the odds Rach.
Monica: That other play?
Monica: Wait! Wait! Wait! You can’t start today! Today’s the rehearsal dinner!
Monica: Oh. Well then way to go you big movie star!
Monica: Who did we fight in World War I?
Monica: Honey, we gotta go!
Monica: (laughs) I don’t have anything like that, but let me go see if Rachel does.
Monica: Hey, do you realize that at this time tomorrow we’ll be getting married?
Monica: I just, I can’t believe that we made it!
Monica: I’m sorry but…nothing.
Monica: Well…honestly ever since we got engaged I have been waiting for something to, to flip you out.
Monica: Really?
Monica: Ohh, I’m so glad. Thank you so much for staying so calm during this. I mean it’s really, it’s made me stay calm. (Chandler just looks at her.) I coulda been worse!
Monica: (voice on answering machine) Hi! If you’re calling before Saturday, you’ve reached Monica and Chandler. But if you’re calling after Saturday, you’ve reached Mr. and Mrs. Bing! Please leave a message for the Bings!
Monica: Hey Maureen! (They hug.) Gosh! Hey uh, Chandler? This is my cousin Maureen.
Monica: What is that?
Monica: Mrs. Bing? Here, these are my parents umm, Judy and Jack Geller.
Monica: Dad! There’s Ross (points), why don’t you go talk to him?
Monica: Hi Mr.…Bing.
Monica: It-it’s so great to see you both here.
Monica: Oh, Rach! Rach! Umm hey, could you do me a favor and would talk to Chandler’s dad and try to keep him away from Chandler’s mom?
Monica: He is the man in the black dress.
Monica: All right, I’m gonna go steam my wedding dress okay? Who wants the responsibility of making sure nothing happens to it?
Monica: Who wants it? Anybody?
Monica: Nobody wants to do it? All right, I’ll do it myself.
Monica: Y’know what? You’re right, I’m sorry. Actually you were a big help tonight. Yeah, and thanks for putting my grandmother in the cab and making sure she got to the hotel safely.
Monica: Okay. Sorry. (Monica goes into the bathroom.)
Monica: (entering from her room, excitedly) I’m getting married today!!! (She trips and falls.) (Getting up) I think I just cracked a rib. But I don’t care because today’s my wedding day! My day is finally here!! (Runs back into her room.)
Monica: (re-entering) I’m gonna start getting ready! (Goes back into her room.)
Monica: Hey! Okay, so I thought we’d start with my make up and then do my hair.
Monica: About what?
Monica: Yeah you will! The right guy is just around the corner! Okay, are we done with that?
Monica: Any woman would be lucky to have ya.
Monica: (jumping up) Rachel! You okay?
Monica: (interrupting) The days and nights are hard! I get it! Okay? Look umm, Rachel I’m sorry! I have to start getting ready! I’m getting married today!
Monica: (getting up) I’m gonna go put my make up on, we have to be at the hotel in an hour! (Starts for the bathroom.)
Monica: What?!
Monica: I can’t go to lunch!!
Monica: (entering) What’s going on?
Monica: Okay, you’re-you’re really freaking me out.
Monica: How can that be?! Oh wait! Wait! Are you, are you serious?!
Monica: Oh wow! Okay. Don’t scare me like that okay? I mean for a minute there I was like, "Oh my God! The worst has happened!" 
Monica: I wanna wear this everyday.
Monica: (starting to cry) I’m so happy for me.
Monica: I know! Hey, how’s Chandler doin’?
Monica: Are you okay?
Monica: Well, you’re-you’re sweating.
Monica: Oh that’s sweet. Don’t touch me.
Monica: She’s right there.
Monica: Not now.
Monica: (To Chandler) Who is this?
Monica: (To Rachel) He took off?
Monica: Chandler, for so long I…I wondered if I would ever find my prince, my soul mate. Then three years ago, at another wedding I turned to a friend for comfort. And in stead, I found everything that I’d ever been looking for my whole life. And now…here we are…with our future before us…and I only want to spend it with you, my prince, my soul mate, my friend. Unless you don’t want to. You go!
Monica: I do.
Monica: What baby?
Monica: We have a baby?
Monica: I didn’t take a pregnancy test.
Monica: (holding her hand in front of her face) When you were little you slept through-through the Grand Canyon.
Monica: (the hand’s still there) When-when you were little you slept through the Grand Canyon. (She actually itches her nose this time.)
Monica: When you were little you slept through the Grand—(Pointing again)—Oh fffff….
Monica: Sorry, let’s go back! ‘Cause you’ve got more to say.
Monica: It was so wild! We told ‘em we were the Gunderson’s in 16…
Monica: What are you doing?!
Monica: Oh geez! Okay! Thanks!
Monica: Well, it was good to see you too. Did you come down here to tell me that?
Monica: Are you saying that you don’t want to get with this?
Monica: Joey?
Monica: Oh what are doing?!
Monica: I think you got it!
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Guys! I’m not pregnant.
Monica: You didn’t tell anybody I was did you?!
Monica: (To Joey) Oh, about that. Joey, you have to change before the party.
Monica: Find some! Please! Anything that doesn’t say I-I died tragically in France. (Joey leaves to find clothes.)
Monica: Because I’m not.
Monica: What are you talking about?
Monica: Wait a minute! So you told people I was pregnant?! (Flash) Does this look like a conversation that I want to remember?!
Monica: Yeah!
Monica: Why?!
Monica: Phoebe, come on, you have to tell us.
Monica: Honey, I’m going to put my hand in your pocket!
Monica: No.
Monica: What?!
Monica: Oh that is so sweet!
Monica: Yes.
Monica: What’s the matter?
Monica: Well, are you going to be able to do this?
Monica: Well, the good news is, I don’t think anyone’s looking at us.
Monica: (seeing him) Oh sweet Lord.
Monica: Honey, I’m not even going to pretend I was listening. (Sees someone else.) Hey! Hey! (Goes over to that person.)
Monica: Can you believe Phoebe got pregnant?!
Monica: This is so huge.
Monica: Of course not nothing is. Between me and you…
Monica: …in this day and age how dumb do you have to be to get pregnant?
Monica: How?
Monica: Well I-I talked to and uh, she’s definitely going to have this baby. Y’know, she said she was gonna raise it on her own.
Monica: Maybe. I just hope she realizes how hard it’s gonna be.
Monica: Well, there’s a lot to think about. I mean, how is she, how is she going to handle this financially? How is she going to juggle work? Does she realize she’s not going to have a date again for the next eighteen years?
Monica: Are you okay?
Monica: Oh really?!
Monica: (interrupting) Rachel’s really the one who’s pregnant.
Monica: How do you feel?
Monica: Yes! Maybe it’s a false positive. Are you sure you peed on the stick right?
Monica: You-you gotta take it now. Come on, do it as a present to me.
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Oh, wait a minute! Who’s is the father?!
Monica: Oh, come on it’s my wedding! That can be my present.
Monica: Hey, are you ready to get back on the dance floor?
Monica: Ohh come on, I love this song! Come on, you’ll be fine. (She starts to walk towards the floor.)
Monica: Oh sweetie, you can never embarrass me. (Chandler grunts.) Okay, you can easily embarrass me. But come on, it doesn’t matter. All right? I married you! So I want to dance on my wedding night with my husband. Come on. (They go onto the floor.) Just try not to move your feet at all. (Chandler starts to get into the groove and bust a move.) There you go.
Monica: (entering) Did I miss it? (Phoebe nods no.) Rachel, I-I want you to know that, if it’s positive, we’re gonna…
Monica: Go ahead Rach.
Monica: Well… Well, great.
Monica: Oh God…
Monica: Are you really gonna do this?
Monica: (depressed) That’s right. I’m no longer a bride. I’ll never be a bride again. Now, I’m just someone’s wife!
Monica: Oh yeah, right. (Rolls her eyes.)
Monica: That’s not ‘til Thursday.
Monica: They won’t be ready for weeks.
Monica: That’s true! (Happily) I knew I married you for a reason!
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Ross has never checked out of a room a minute before he had to.
Monica: Oh thanks. (Reading the bill) Champagne, strawberries…Oh my God! I can’t believe Chandler ordered porn on our wedding night!
Monica: Hey!
Monica: No! (Pause) But, they’re callin’ out to me! I mean this little guy (Holds up a small one) even crawled up into my lap. Oh come on, Chandler wouldn’t mind if I opened just one present! What do you think it is?
Monica: A tiny salt shaker!!!
Monica: Oh wow! Okay. Well that was fun.
Monica: Good. Okay, I’m just gonna wait for Chandler to open the rest of them.
Monica: Whew. Although y’know, this is part of a salt and pepper set. I mean… I guess y’know it may just count as a half a present. What do you think?
Monica: Or this one! (She grabs and starts to open the biggest present.)
Monica: Hey, how are you feelin’? Any morning sickness?
Monica: No! Joey and Ross don’t know anything and Chandler still thinks that Phoebe’s pregnant.
Monica: Wow. Y’know it is so weird. I mean, you’re gonna tell this guy today and he has no idea what’s gonna happen.
Monica: What was that bam?
Monica: Who’s David Lynn?
Monica: No! No! I shouldn’t have even opened these! I mean I—Joey I am out of control!! Joey, you have to do me a favor. No matter what I say, no matter what I do, please do not let me open another present! Okay?
Monica: Give me one more.
Monica: Oh my God! Joey!
Monica: You can’t marry him!
Monica: Phoebe!
Monica: She’s not pregnant. It’s Rachel. Rachel’s the one who’s pregnant.
Monica: Phoebe I think he would notice if you didn’t have a baby in nine months!
Monica: There’s a dude?
Monica: People have got to finish their stories!
Monica: (throwing up the last present) I don’t know how any of these got opened?!
Monica: I know! I know! I am a terrible person! I mean, Chandler is never going to trust me with anything ever again!
Monica: Yeah. What is that?
Monica: Hey! How’d it go?
Monica: So are you ever gonna tell whoever it is?
Monica: What?!
Monica: Great! We’re hangin’ in the kitchen! (She drags him into the kitchen and turns his back to the living room) Let’s stay in the kitchen!
Monica: Wow! That is a great picture!
Monica: Yeah! Oh and interesting because I found the cameras in one of our bags! (Throws them into his chest.)
Monica: That would be a good idea.
Monica: You kissed another woman!
Monica: Okay! (They high-five and he walks out.)
Monica: Yeah I am!
Monica: That’s right. Get it out of your system while we’re alone.
Monica: Oh no, I already packed. The only thing I couldn’t find though was your Speedo.
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Thank you.
Monica: This is so great! And I’m gonna be your baby’s aunt!
Monica: Yeah, but I’m the only one related by blood.
Monica: Well, what were you gonna say?
Monica: Hey! Good luck!
Monica: Well I guess there is no harm in telling you now, Rachel and Ross are gonna have a baby.
Monica: I didn’t think you could keep it a secret.
Monica: They’re kissing let’s just go around them.
Monica: I’m in love too! But in an orderly fashion.
Monica: (to the couple) Hi! Can you do that and walk? ‘Cause she said, "Next."
Monica: (To Chandler) Did you hear that?! They bumped them up to first class because they are on their honeymoon! Come on! Let’s act like we’re on our honeymoon.
Monica: Grab my ass!
Monica: Hi, sorry. I almost didn’t hear you, because y’know I’m just so in love with my new husband. We’re on our honeymoon.
Monica: Oh no, you see we’re on our honeymoon. So umm, can you do your little thing and bump us up to first class?
Monica: You see, if we’d gone around them like I said, we—She would’ve given us those tickets. Damnit!
Monica: Look at that! Look at that! They’re going into the first class lounge! Do you know what they have in there?
Monica: Me neither! We have to get in! (She runs through the door with Chandler in tow.)
Monica: Oh my God! Oranges!
Monica: Fine. (Starts to walk away then she runs over and grabs an orange before she exits.) Go! Go! Go!
Monica: I can’t believe we’re here.
Monica: What? (Monica sees the first couple and gasps.)
Monica: No!! You have been screwing us all day!
Monica: Yeah! You already got the first class tickets; you got the lounge! I mean we should get free stuff too! I mean you’re not the only ones on your honeymoon!
Monica: What? Are you serious?! (To Chandler) Joey smells gas!
Monica: Well do something! Get in there!
Monica: Yeah! Do that!
Monica: No! (Pause) Are you doing it?! I don’t hear anything! Come on!
Monica: You’re really sticking with the shell necklace huh? (Points to necklace of shells he’s wearing.)
Monica: Hi sweetie!
Monica: Oh, so much fun. But the best part is, we met this incredible couple on the way back.
Monica: No, they were really cool. They were on their honeymoon too!
Monica: Yeah, can we go call them? Is it too soon to call? I wanna call.
Monica: I know.
Monica: This is different! Greg and Jenny are in a relationship.
Monica: We didn’t get anything for anyone.
Monica: That you can have.
Monica: It was great! It was great! How about you?! I mean you’re having a baby!
Monica: Oh great! (Shows them the picture.)
Monica: All right, so now that Ross knows can you tell us y’know how it happened? I mean, when did it happen? How many times did it happen?
Monica: Do you still wanna call ‘em? I wanna call ‘em.
Monica: (on phone) Hello? (Listens) Eighth street deli?
Monica: (on phone) Uh sorry, wrong number. (Hangs up)
Monica: (on phone) Hello? (Listens) (To All) It’s the deli again!
Monica: (hangs up) I don’t think this number’s right!
Monica: What?! People don’t do that!
Monica: They gave us a fake number? Why? Why would they do that?
Monica: And you’ve never been funnier. Joke, joke, joke, you were a hoot!
Monica: Yeah, definitely.
Monica: I still don't get why Greg and Jenny would give us a fake number.
Monica: Okay, maybe people give out fake numbers, but they don’t give out fake names.
Monica: I know! Although, you did tell an awful lot of jokes.
Monica: (rolling her head from side to side) Joke. Joke. Blah! Blah! (Joey and Phoebe laugh.)
Monica: What about my questions?
Monica: Oh, I’m sorry. Was that another joke?
Monica: Hell yeah!!!
Monica: (taking Rachel’s hand) Sweetie okay. It’s okay. Everybody made it to the wedding. I’m fine.
Monica: I know.
Monica: You used the Europe story!
Monica: (on phone) Hello Greg? (Listens) Hi, this is Monica from the plane? Listen, the number that you gave me 853-5… (Listens) (To Chandler) That is their old number! Jenny’s been giving it out since they moved!
Monica: (on phone) Hey listen umm, how would you like to get together? Say next Saturday? (Listens) Okay, how about Sunday? (Listens) Okay umm, the week after that? (Listens) The week after that? (Listens) Y’know what Greg? Y’know what? We are good, interesting, funny people with good questions and if you and your precious Jenny can’t see that then… (Listens) January 15th? (Chandler dances.) We’ll see you then! (Listens) Okay! 
Monica: Okay, now this one is rare, this one is medium well! Now go-go-go! (Phoebe enters) Hey Phoebe!
Monica: Hey how was dinner?!
Monica: Okay!
Monica: Okay!
Monica: Uh Tim? This is Phoebe. Phoebe this is Tim, my new sous chef.
Monica: Hey Tim? I need a calamari and a Caesar salad. And umm, could you get me the pesto?
Monica: All right, I still need a calamari and a Caesar salad.
Monica: All right, all right! Let’s just cut to the chase, okay? (To Phoebe) You’re single. (To Tim) You’re single. (To Phoebe) He gets off work at eleven. (To Tim) She’ll be waiting for your call. (To Phoebe) I’ll give him your number if I can get one calamari and one Caesar salad!! (Everyone in the kitchen stops.) I did not yell. I am not putting a dollar in the jar.
Monica: Hi!
Monica: I…I have to fire him.
Monica: Because he’s terrible! Okay, he’s slow, he burns things, last night he lit my pastry chef on fire!
Monica: Well, now she has no eyebrows, mission accomplished.
Monica: (thinks about it) All right, but if-if he lights someone else on fire he is out of there!
Monica: I paid to have this done.
Monica: Hey. Okay, I gave him another chance, but Tim has got to go!
Monica: No! No-no! He is totally incompetent. I called the chef who recommended him to me. He said, "Ha-ha! Gotcha!"
Monica: Why not?!
Monica: What?! You said he was sweet!
Monica: Just don’t pick up your phone.
Monica: What? So now I’m not allowed to fire him?
Monica: Okay well then, I’ll fire him today and you go out with him for another week.
Monica: Okay well, then we’ll both do it today and he’ll just have to deal with it!
Monica: What do you mean?
Monica: I wanted to do this days ago so I think I should go first.
Monica: Hey.
Monica: Uh well that depends, how are things with Phoebe?
Monica: Oh my pleasure. Okay, I’m afraid I’ve got some bad news. (Phoebe enters.) Phoebe!
Monica: (simultaneously) You’re fired!
Monica: You’re fired.
Monica: Yeah and-and I’m sorry too. But, well I just—I like things done a certain way and the chemistry’s just not right.
Monica: Tim wait!
Monica: Umm, I think I spoke too quickly. There-there’s a learning curve with this job and maybe we can try it again.
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Hey you guys?
Monica: I know it’s last minute, but we decided to have a Halloween party.
Monica: And everybody has to wear costumes. (And there’s general disconcertment.) Come on! It’ll be fun!
Monica: You have to!
Monica: So Ross, are you gonna bring Mona?
Monica: Wait! You’re supposed to wear a costume!
Monica: Oh. 
Monica: I’m Catwoman, who wants to borrow the dress when you’re too big for it.
Monica: So we do Supergirl.
Monica: What?! I thought he’d love it! His favorite kid's book was the Velveteen Rabbit!
Monica: Well, it was either a pink bunny or no bunny at all.
Monica: You didn’t dress up either?!
Monica: What?! There’s only been like four kids.
Monica: What are you supposed to be?
Monica: No, space doody!
Monica: Hey Joey?
Monica: You read comic books right?
Monica: Who do you think would win in a fight, Catwoman or Supergirl?
Monica: Yeah…
Monica: What?! Really?!
Monica: No you’re fine. (Joey checks anyway.) All right well, do you think I could take Rachel?
Monica: What?! Come on I am tough! Punch me right here! (Her stomach) As hard as you can!
Monica: Oh really? Okay? Well what would you say if I told you that, y’know, Ross or Chandler could beat you up?
Monica: Oh my God, Phoebe!
Monica: You’re getting a crush on your sister’s fiancée.
Monica: I can’t answer that! Chandler’s my husband.
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: Ross is really strong! Okay, he’s the strongest out of all three of you! (Joey looks at her.) Except for Joey.
Monica: Wait-wait!! Okay, stop it! Stop it! Stop! (Breaks it up.) Now listen, no one’s gonna fight in this apartment.
Monica: (To Chandler) Look honey, you don’t have to do this, okay? It’s the strength you have inside that means the most to me. You’re loyal, you’re honest, and you have integrity! That’s the kind of strength that I want in the man that I love!
Monica: (To Phoebe) Oh God!
Monica: Chandler’s making his sex face.
Monica: Look, I wanted to tell I’m-I’m sorry you lost.
Monica: (laughs) Is that a secret or a lie.
Monica: Chandler please!
Monica: Let’s go big bunny!
Monica: Hey.
Monica: Oh my God! You cleaned! (Gasps) Look at these floors! You did the windows! Oh, I have been begging you for months and you did! You cleaned! And nagging works!
Monica: Oh no, was I cleaning in my sleep again?
Monica: Well then who?
Monica: (shocked) I hope by maid you mean mistress, because if some other woman was here cleaning then…
Monica: Oh, relinquish is just a fancy word for lose!
Monica: Did she really say that?
Monica: Fine, I can do it. (Gets anxious.) Whew.
Monica: Well, usually when I’m this anxious, I clean!
Monica: Oh well umm, I make it myself! It’s two parts ammonia and one part lemon juice. And now the secret ingredient is…y’know what? We just met.
Monica: (To Chandler) I love her.
Monica: Okay. (As Brenda exits Monica notices something.)
Monica: She stole my jeans!
Monica: I have been looking for them all week and she is wearing them!
Monica: Don’t you see? It’s the perfect crime!
Monica: I will prove it to you! Okay? About a week ago I was wearing those jeans and I dropped a pen in my lap and it left an ink stain on the crotch. Now when she comes back I will find it and show you that stain!
Monica: I guess.
Monica: Fine. I’m just glad I didn’t give her my secret ingredient.
Monica: Yeah! (Laughs.)
Monica: Nice jeans!
Monica: Oh. (Holds on to it.) (To herself) You’re not gettin’ it.
Monica: Oh, I fell asleep.
Monica: Oh, will you do the top of the cabinets? That’ll really work up your appetite for lunch.
Monica: Hello.
Monica: I’m sorry. I’ve never had a maid before, is this not okay?
Monica: Hey! Umm, I think Brenda needs a raise.
Monica: Because I put my head between her legs.
Monica: They’re my pants!
Monica: No! I was just getting into position and then everything went dark.
Monica: Fine. (Brenda comes in to use the bathroom and adjusts her pink bra strap on the way.) She’s wearing my bra!
Monica: My pink flowered bra! I recognize the strap!
Monica: Here’s the plan! Okay? I’m going to leave you get a look at Brenda’s bra!
Monica: I would do it but she thinks I’m attracted to her!
Monica: Did you not hear where my head was? Come on! Come on we’re a team! We’re in this together!
Monica: Do this for me! Come on, I catch you looking at woman’s breasts all the time!
Monica: Do you see this? (Mimics him drooling over a woman’s breasts.)
Monica: Yes! Absolutely. Okay? Look, you’ll know it’s mine because on the right cup, the lacey part, there’s a very noticeable rip.
Monica: (looking at Rachel’s jeans) Where did you get those jeans?!
Monica: No I didn’t!
Monica: Oh no! Did you take my bra too?!
Monica: The pink one with the flowers?!
Monica: Sounds about right.
Monica: (recognizing him and panicking) No you don’t!
Monica: I’m sorry, they surprised me. There was nothing I could do!
Monica: Ugh, I knew giving you that book was gonna come back and bite me in the ass!
Monica: (entering) Oh my God! You are gonna love me so much! I felt really bad about the whole bachelorette party thing, so tonight you’re gonna have a bachelor party.
Monica: Yeah, I got this number from this guy at work and I hired a stripper to come dance for you. Am I going in the wife hall of fame or what?!
Monica: Come on! Come on, it’ll be fun! It’ll make me feel so much better.
Monica: So don’t think of it as a bachelor party, think of it as a…a two month anniversary present.
Monica: Please! I feel so bad! Just watch the hot woman get naked!
Monica: Thank you. All right, now who else do you want to invite?
Monica: Yeah! Hey! Thanks for getting me that girl’s number.
Monica: My husband.
Monica: She’s a stripper.
Monica: Is that, is that what they call strippers sometimes?
Monica: Oh my God Stu! I-I can’t believe you did this! Now are you absolutely sure she’s a hooker?
Monica: (entering quickly) She’s a hooker! She’s a hooker! She’s a… (Stops as she sees her.) Hi! Uh, we spoke on the phone. (Goes and shakes the hooker’s hand.)
Monica: I swear I didn’t know she was a hooker! I mean wh—Did you let her smoke in here?
Monica: Y’know what? I’m gonna make this up to you. I promised you a stripper (turns on the radio), and you’re gonna get a stripper. (She starts to strip.)
Monica: What?
Monica: Ooh, these tennis shoes are so tight. I think I’ll take them off. (Goes to do so.)
Monica: Gotcha sailor. (Kicks one of her shoes off and it lands in the kitchen knocking something down, but she continues to strip.)
Monica: (entering) Oh good you’re all here. Thanksgiving tomorrow, four o’clock. (To Rachel) Oh, guess who I invited. Remember that guy Will Colbert from high school?
Monica: He was in Ross’s class…marching band…kinda overweight? Well, really overweight. I mean I was his thin friend.
Monica: No that was Jarred! Wow! I haven’t thought about him in a long time… (Stares off into the distance lost in thought.) (Pause) Anyway, umm Will’s, Will’s here on business and he didn’t have a place to go so I invited him here.
Monica: Oh, and by the way, he’s lost a bunch of weight. I mean he looks goo-ood! Okay, I mean really, really gorgeous! (Joey clears his throat.) I still love Chandler.
Monica: All right okay, just so you know, I’m not gonna make a turkey this year.
Monica: Well Phoebe doesn’t eat turkey…
Monica: All right! Okay, it’s just Phoebe. Will’s still on a diet, Chandler doesn’t eat Thanksgiving food, and Rachel’s having her aversion to poultry.
Monica: Anyway, it just doesn’t seem worth it to make a whole turkey for just three people. Okay? It’s a lot of work.
Monica: All right fine! If it means that much to you! But just—there’s gonna be a ton left over.
Monica: All right, you’re telling me you can eat an entire turkey in just one sitting?
Monica: Hey, isn’t weird to think about how next year at this time they’ll be a little baby at the table? (Chandler turns around in horror.) (Seeing him) Rachel’s! But good to know where you’re at!
Monica: Hey!
Monica: You too!
Monica: Actually there is. Chandler usually helps me with this, but he’s really into the game so I don’t want to bother him. Could you help me fold these napkins? (Hands her a stack of them.)
Monica: I’m gonna go across the hall to check on the yams.
Monica: No! No! No! No sweetie! No! Not like that! We’re not at a barn dance. You’ve gotta—you wanna fold them like swans. Like I showed you at Christmas time, remember?
Monica: Is your team winning hon?
Monica: Oh, I didn’t know you liked football.
Monica: You like Green Bay?
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Aww thanks! God Will I’m so glad that you came! You look great! You must’ve lost like…
Monica: A pie! (Will brought a pie.)
Monica: You wanna meet some people? This is uh; this is my husband Chandler. Chandler, this is Will.
Monica: This is Phoebe.
Monica: (to Will) Wanna give me a hand?
Monica: Well you look incredible too! You’re just—you’re so fit!
Monica: Oh umm, I meant to tell you, Ross is coming.
Monica: Good. And Rachel Green too. (Will stops suddenly.)
Monica: Is there a problem?
Monica: What?
Monica: Hey, what are you doing? You gotta save room, you’ve got almost an entire turkey to eat.
Monica: All right.
Monica: Will! From high school.
Monica: (to Will) Joey.
Monica: Hey sweetie. Oh good. (Takes the baking dish from her.)
Monica: That’s Will from high school!
Monica: Okay, dinner’s ready!
Monica: Oh, so who won?
Monica: What?
Monica: (breaking it up) Uh Rachel? Rachel, why don’t you sit here? (Next to Joey) And Will you sit way over there. (The other side of the table.)
Monica: (laughs) This is Chandler’s chicken. This is the turkey. (Sets down a huge turkey.)
Monica: About nineteen pounds.
Monica: (To Rachel) Apparently you were umm, a little mean to him in high school.
Monica: Oh Will. But you-you’ve worked so hard…
Monica: Okay. (Chandler grabs the dish from Monica and hands it to Will who starts dishing out a large helping.)
Monica: I swear I didn’t. (To Ross and Will) Hey! Is that why you guys used to go up to your bedroom and lock the door?
Monica: Hmm, a little relieved, I gotta say.
Monica: You started that?!
Monica: Everyone at our school heard it!
Monica: I thought it might be true. And I was afraid that you were gonna cry and then show it to me.
Monica: Joey, you don’t have to finish that.
Monica: Oh! Me too!
Monica: That’s not totally true.
Monica: Well you-you did start that rumor about Ross making out with Mrs. Altman, our 50-year-old librarian.
Monica: It’s true?!!
Monica: Didn’t she walk with a cane?
Monica: All right, listen you’re just being silly. Rachel, even with that rumor you were one of the most popular girls in school and everyone wanted to be like you. One girl wanted to be like you so much she stuffed her pants with a Tootsie Roll!
Monica: And Ross, if it weren’t for Rachel’s rumor I mean no one in high school would even know who you were. She put you on the map!
Monica: Hey! Mrs. Altman was the kind of woman you could tell she used to be pretty.
Monica: Hey guys this stuff is just so way in the past. You-you’ve been through so much since then. And right now you’ve got so much more important stuff going on in your life. Can’t you just let this go?
Monica: Well Joey, we’re all…we’re all very proud of you.
Monica: Yeah, you want some?
Monica: Hey! So what do you think?
Monica: Yes! Now, they’re a little more than I normally spend on boots…or rent (Shows him the receipt.)
Monica: I know.
Monica: I’m sorry, they just, they just look so good! And the saleswoman was looking at me like, "Oh, these are way too expensive for you."
Monica: Hey.
Monica: They’re mine!
Monica: Honey, I’m not returning them. Okay? I mean I-I know they cost a lot, but I’m going to wear them all the time. You’ll see. Besides, I love the compliments. I mean, have you ever had something so beautiful everyone wanted it?
Monica: Nice try; I’m keeping the boots.
Monica: Hey guys!
Monica: Hey. (Sits down on the arm of the couch.)
Monica: See Chandler? I’m getting a lot of use out of them already! They’re very practical. See, you can wear them with dresses, with skirts, with pants…
Monica: (almost crying) They hurt so much!
Monica: The guy who made these hates feet and wants to see them die!
Monica: I can’t! I spent so much money on them and I told Chandler that I’d wear them all the time, I just can’t give them away!
Monica: I can’t do that either! The soles’ are already a little scuffed up and the insides are filled with my blood.
Monica: (standing up) Ahhhhhhhh!
Monica: Oh nothing I’m just—just was yawning. (Mimics the groan from before and stretches.)
Monica: Honey, we don’t really have to go to this thing tonight do we?
Monica: I-I don’t-I don’t think that I’m gonna wear the boots tonight.
Monica: Well y’know, I’m just-I’m just worried that bosses will see them and think they pay you too much money. Or! Or your assistant will see them and-and want a raise!
Monica: Anyway, I picked up this outfit that I want to wear and the, and the boots don’t really go with it.
Monica: Fine! If you want me to wear the boots, I’ll wear the boots. In fact, I’ll go into my room right now and y’know try the outfit on.
Monica: Okay? (She starts to walk which causes her to start crying) Ooo wee! Christmas party in my boots! (Runs into the bedroom and mixes saying ‘ow’ with laughing.)
Monica: Yeah! I didn’t know there would be dancing. That was a fun surprise!
Monica: Oh no, we can’t walk!
Monica: Hey! Do you think that we can get to the subway right there if we climb down through the manhole cover?
Monica: I can’t walk. Okay? Okay? These boots were a huge mistake!
Monica: Okay you were right! All right, I never should have bought them! They’re killing me! One toe at a time!
Monica: How are we gonna get home? Maybe a piggy-back ride?
Monica: Okay. Wait, just give me a second, I need to just get my boots off first. (She starts taking them off.) Ah…Ooh…Oohh…Ohh…Oh God…Ohh…Oh…Ohh…Ohhhh…
Monica: (notices something in the window) Oh wait! Stop! Stop! Stop!
Monica: My boots in tan! Hey! Can you get a little closer so I can see the price?
Monica: Okay, I’m sorry. I think I can walk the rest of the way now. Just-just give me my boots.
Monica: Well I don’t have them either. Where are they?
Monica: Okay. (She gets off him.) God well, we gotta go back and get them!
Monica: Okay, I’m never gonna wear them again. I just didn’t get a chance to say goodbye.
Monica: Okay. (Climbs back on his back.) All right.
Monica: (to the boots) Bye boots—Wait! Half off?! (Chandler runs off.)
Monica: Yes, hi.
Monica: No leg-chewing for us sir.
Monica: I can’t think of anything we’re doing. (Quietly) Why can’t I think of anything we’re doing?
Monica: Okay, I’ll see you tomorrow! (Doug exits.) Just so you know, we’re not seeing him tomorrow. (Chandler wonders why.) I-I cannot spend another evening with that man. Do you remember how he behaved at our wedding?
Monica: That’s because he wasn’t invited because of the way he behaved at our engagement party.
Monica: Why did you do that?
Monica: Oh yeah, the Evander Holyfield phase. Oh man you were so hard up you practically came on to me.
Monica: Hey, I could’ve had you if I wanted you.
Monica: You and Mona are doing a holiday card together?
Monica: Like asking her to move in with you?
Monica: Making her a mixed tape?
Monica: All right. Have you said, "I love you?" You could say, I love you.
Monica: That is a slap in the face.
Monica: Hi Roger.
Monica: Rachel umm, I was just talking to this guy and I think he’ll have sex with you.
Monica: From the tequila factory?
Monica: Come here. I can breath through my mouth.
Monica: I promise. Hey, speaking of together, how about we send out a holiday card this year?
Monica: (interrupting) I love it! It’s huge!! Let’s open it! Open it!! (Monica rips open the paper.)
Monica: Oh my God!
Monica: Oh well, maybe we can put it in the guest bedroom.
Monica: All right. (He goes to push it and it doesn’t move.)
Monica: Are you kidding?! I practically spent my entire childhood at the arcade! This is like—Oh my, this is like my second favorite game!
Monica: Well I-I really don’t remember the name of it.
Monica: Well, you just—you put a quarter in and y’know pull-pull some handles and win like a candy bar or something.
Monica: Don’t feel bad for me! I won like every time!
Monica: Okay, I’m next. (Phoebe starts another game.) Don’t! Don’t start another game! I said I’m next! Phoebe!
Monica: Chandler! Phoebe’s hogging the game!
Monica: You only think it’s stupid because you suck at it.
Monica: No! No-no! I love it! It is a great present! In fact, why don’t you go home and wait for the thank you card?
Monica: Okay. Phoebe that’s it. Come on, get out—out of the chair. Get out! (She goes to move Phoebe, but Phoebe goes limp and Monica can’t move her.) Oh come…Phoebe!
Monica: Hey.
Monica: Well it clearly wasn’t showering or shaving.
Monica: Wait a minute, you stayed home all day and played Ms. Pac-Man while I went off to work like some kind of chump?!
Monica: What is the matter with your hand?
Monica: Chandler, why would you do that?
Monica: You think this is clever?
Monica: Hey wait a minute, this one isn’t dirty.
Monica: Ah, well if you don’t clear this off, you won’t be getting one of those from me. But Ben’s coming over here tomorrow to play this game, this can’t be there.
Monica: Chandler! He’s seven; he’s not stupid.
Monica: All right, look I’m just gonna unplug it.
Monica: Honey you-you got to beat your scores!
Monica: All right fine. Fine, I’ll do it. I’ve just got to get this off the screen. Carol and Susan are still upset that you taught him pull my finger.
Monica: Okay, I got that. I’ll escape over there. I’ll come back over here. All right, come on Ms. Pac-Man. It’s got—Right—(She dies.) Well, you’re just a little bitch, aren’t you?
Monica: They’re all Chandler.
Monica: But Ben is coming over tonight and he can’t see this.
Monica: Oh my God Phoebe, you’re on fire!
Monica: Don’t touch her!!
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica:
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica:
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica:
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: (opens the door wearing a robe, but leaves the chain on) Hey, what’s up?
Monica: Oh, okay. No problem.
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Here you go.
Monica: Okay.
Monica: What?!
Monica: Phoebe! You kinda caught me at a bad time.
Monica: Yes! Exactly.
Monica: (laughs) No. (Closes the door as Chandler walks up.)
Monica: Phoebe, I can explain!
Monica: Well umm, Alexandra has been…
Monica: Phoebe, don’t get upset!
Monica: Hi honey. We just got a wedding gift from Bob and Faye Bing; they don’t like us do they? (They gave them a pok-a-dotted punch bowl.)
Monica: No, it doesn’t say where it came from. Where would we return it?
Monica: Why don’t we just find a place for it?
Monica: No! That’s where we keep the canned goods! Have you completely forgotten everything you learned at orientation?
Monica: Oh, okay. Here, why don’t you let me do it?
Monica: No reason. I-I keep private things in there.
Monica: Feminine stuff.
Monica: Chandler, there is nothing in there that concerns you! If you love me you-you’ll let it go.
Monica: Thank you! (He tries the door again and Monica glares at him.)
Monica: Well it’s…I mean I’d just—I’d be self-conscious. You’re my friend; I’d be naked.
Monica: That’s different, we were roommates! And when?!
Monica: Hey, come on Phoebe, you can understand why this would be weird for me.
Monica: Okay, if it means that much to you…
Monica: Dinosaurs.
Monica: Yes. 
Monica: Nice! Wow Phoebe you are good!
Monica: No. Ooohh…
Monica: (in a sexy voice) Oh. Oh yeah! Ohhhhh! Ohh! Oh yeah! 
Monica: Oh God Phoebe!! (Phoebe covers one ear.) Oh that’s it! That’s it! Right there! Oh! (Tries to cover the other ear.) Ooooh-oooh-ooooh… (Covers both ears and continues the massage with her elbows.)
Monica: Hey.
Monica: I gotta tell you, yesterday was amazing. That massage felt so good!
Monica: So umm, what do you say we make it a weekly appointment?
Monica: Okay.
Monica: What?
Monica: What’s going on?
Monica: What? (Laughs.)
Monica: What?! You’re crazy! There’s nothing sexual about the noises I make!
Monica: Oh my—This is so embarrassing. Oh my God, I’m never gonna get massaged again!
Monica: Really?!
Monica: Are you sure?
Monica: I guess.
Monica: (entering) (Gasps) How did you get in there?!
Monica: Oh no! You weren’t supposed to see this!
Monica: No Chandler, you don’t understand! (Chandler starts singing the theme for Sanford and Son, an old TV show starring Redd Fox.) Okay! Okay! Okay! Fine! Now you know. Okay? I’m y’know…I’m sick.
Monica: Really? You promise you won’t tell anyone?
Monica: Well…it’s just umm…I’m afraid you might mess it up.
Monica: Ohhh.
Monica: Ohh. Oh! Ohh!
Monica: Oh God!
Monica: Oh yeah right there!
Monica: Uh Phoebe?
Monica:
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: 
Monica: Hey.
Monica: I just talked to Joey, I just—I want to see how you were.
Monica: All right, I know you’re hurting, and-and I want to be supportive, but don’t say that again.
Monica: Honey, I don’t think that’s something we need to worry about! First of all he’s-he’s never gonna tell her how he feels about her. And even if he did you have no idea how she’d react.
Monica: Joey…he’s not even thinking about going after Rachel!
Monica: No! All he’s thinking about is how you’re taking this! I mean, listen it’s totally freaking him out. He’s talking about moving to Vermont.
Monica: He says he wants to leave the country. (Pause) He thinks you hate him.
Monica: Honey I can’t even imagine how hard this must be for you. But, I don’t want you to lose Joey over it. And right now he just needs to know that you’re still his friend.
Monica: All right. Now do it soon, he just asked me how to convert his dollars into Vermont money.
Monica: Hi!
Monica: So, what have you guys been doing?
Monica: I know! What is this, 1985?!
Monica: Not really.
Monica: So Don, what-what other restaurants do you like?
Monica: Oh my God! That’s my restaurant, I’m the chef there.
Monica: No!
Monica: Oh, I’d like a latte. Oh y’know what? If you’re gonna talk about me, I’m gonna go with you. 
Monica: (returning) Phoebe, good work.
Monica: Yeah! Oh he’s great, I love him. (Walks away and Chandler glares at Phoebe.)
Monica: Me too! Yeah, Chandler can’t stand it. He won’t even allow me to have blue cheese in the house.
Monica: You know what I’d love to do? I would like to go to France and eat nothing but bread and cheese—Not even bread, just cheese. No, I want the bread. Yeah. Ah, and pastries… (Breathlessly) And pate. Oh, I’m really not high, it’s just I used to be fat.
Monica: I’d move in tomorrow!
Monica: I’d like to have Don and Phoebe over. Wouldn’t that be nice?
Monica: Are you okay? You’ve been acting weird all afternoon.
Monica: Jeez! What is with you?
Monica: All right, what’s going on?
Monica: Chandler, you don’t believe in soul mates?
Monica: I don’t believe in soul mates either.
Monica: No. I don’t think that you and I were destined to end up together. I think that we fell in love and work hard at our relationship. Some days we work really hard.
Monica: No, I’ve had second thoughts about that. Do you realize how hard that would be to clean?
Monica: I know.
Monica: Joey, you have to talk to her!
Monica: Hey Rachel!
Monica: I don’t see him. Hey! Maybe he’s in the sugar bowl! (Opens the sugar bowl) Joey? Nope! (Closes the sugar bowl and they both laugh.)
Monica: What’s up?
Monica: We were playing a game.
Monica: Sure.
Monica: (To Joey) Okay, did you hear that?
Monica: Honey, you gotta talk to her.
Monica: Hello? No rejection? I got shot down at fat camp! Boy, kids are mean when they’re hungry.
Monica: This is Rachel. I mean, what are you gonna do, never going to talk to her again? I mean I know it’s weird, it’s awkward, but you gotta at least try.
Monica: Okay, I’m done. Read mine.
Monica: (stunned) I-I’m the head chef. I-I can’t get promoted.
Monica: You mean your pink shirt?
Monica: No, I-I haven’t seen your pink shirt.
Monica: Tea gives Phoebe the trots.
Monica: Honey, what is the Bruce Springsteen CD in the Kat Stevens case?
Monica: Okay, where is the Kat Stevens CD?
Monica: Where is the James Taylor CD?
Monica: Okay. No need to panic. Deep breathes everyone. Okay umm uh, we’re just gonna have to spend some time and put the CDs in the right cases.
Monica: Hmm, I don’t know. We really have to talk this through.
Monica: Okay, I-I’m sorry. You and Joey, your both focusing on this uncomfortable thing, what you need to do is to change the subject. Next time you see him try to get him talking about something else.
Monica: Yeah, like I don’t know, maybe you have a work problem that you need his advice on.
Monica: Good. (To Chandler) Uh honey, the Miami Vice soundtrack? Really?
Monica: Uh I really don’t know what to tell you Rach, I really don’t. I mean, maybe Joey can help you out with your, with your big work problem.
Monica: Yeah Joey she’s…Rachel’s got this really big work problem, and it is a head scratcher. Wow! (To Chandler) Y’know what, if we’re gonna make dinner we’re gonna have to leave. Yeah. (She and Chandler exit.)
Monica: Honey, both yours.
Monica: Yeah? The work problem?
Chandler and Monica:
Monica: You said your boss wants to buy your baby?!
Monica: Chandler has two copies of Annie!
Monica: That’s not your regular dry cleaners.
Monica: What?!
Monica: Don’t worry Phoebe, you’re gonna meet someone. If I can meet a great guy, so can you.
Monica: Are you kidding? This is where they get out stains! Okay? This is like Disneyland for me. I’m-I’m gonna be over here watching the dance of the clean shirts. (She points to and walks over to the electric clothes rack they have.)
Monica: (to the clerk) Ooh, an ink stain! Hey, can I watch how you get this out?
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: (To Ross) Oh, by the way. Would it be okay if I gave the toast to mom and dad this year?
Monica: Yeah, I’d really like to.
Monica: Yes! Every year Ross makes the toast, and it’s always really moving, and always makes them cry. Well this year I’m going to make them cry.
Monica: No! Really! Any time Ross makes a toast everyone cries, and hugs him, and pats him on the back and they all come up to me and say, "God, your brother." Know what they’ll say this year? "God, you"
Monica: Really you can do that?
Monica: Oh I’m working on my toast for the party, or as I like to call it. Sob fest 2002. Hey check this out. (Hands him a picture.)
Monica: It’s a dead dog. That’s Chi-Chi; she died when I was in high school.
Monica: The good stuff, huh?
Monica: You got a present for my parents. That’s so sweet.
Monica: What?!
Monica: That’s my old dog. He passed away years ago.
Monica: It’s out on the island. It’s in Massapequa. 
Monica: Okay, I got my note cards. (To Chandler) Do you got the presents? 
Monica: And I’ve got the car keys.
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: He called the Long Island Expressway a concrete miracle.
Monica: It’s just that, it’s so much.
Monica: I feel terrible.
Monica: Just going over my toast. Those two will never know what hit ‘em. I can’t wait. They’re going to be crying so hard. They’re going to be fighting for breath. 
Monica: Okay it’s time for the toast! Umm now-now, I know that Ross usually gives the toast, but this year I’m going to do it.
Monica: No, no it’s going to be great. Really! Mom, Dad, when I got married, one of the things that made me sure I could do it was the amazing example the two of you set for me. For that and so many other things I want to say thank you. I know I probably don’t say it enough, but I love you. (Pretends to cry hoping her parents will join her.) When I look around this room, I’m-I’m saddened by the thought of those who could not be here with us. Nana, my beloved grandmother who would so want to be here, but she can’t because she’s dead. As is our dog Chi-Chi. I mean look how cute she is. (Holds up the picture and pretends to cry again). Was. (To an old man by the stage.) Do me a favor and pass this to my parents. Remember she’s dead. Okay, her and Nana, gone. Wow! Hey does anybody remember when Debra Winger had to say goodbye to her children in Terms of Endearment? (Chandler covers his ears) Didn’t see that? No movie fans?! You want to hear something sad? The other day I was watching 60 Minutes these orphans in Romania, who have been so neglected, they were incapable of love. (Waits for people to cry, but doesn’t get any tears.) You people are made of stone! Here’s to mom and dad! Whatever!
Monica: Okay that’s it. I give up. At mom and dad’s 40th anniversary, you’re the one giving the speech. 
Monica: Oh, come on. 
Monica: (starts to cry) Oh good God, Ross! How the hell do you do it? 
Monica: Hey!
Monica: How cool is this?! We know three down! I’m touching three down! (She has her hand on his shoulder.)
Monica: Three down knows I’m married, what’s three down doin’?
Monica: (To Chandler) You think we’re being obvious?
Monica: Joey! You’re doing great!
Monica: Bye. (They resume their previous positions.)
Monica:
Monica: You slept with her didn’t you?
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Also both of your sisters called and neither can make it.
Monica: Oh my God, your mother!
Monica: Well, given that we forgot to invite her it would be an awfully big coincidence if she was.
Monica: Well it wasn’t my fault, Phoebe was in charge of the invitations!
Monica: (interrupting her) Oh give it a rest!
Monica: Okay, y’know what? Don’t worry, okay? We’ll take care of it. We’ll call her. Just go home and get ready.
Monica: Go! I have it in my book. Go! (Rachel leaves and Monica calls Mrs. Green.) (To Phoebe) Wait a minute! If you’re in charge of the invitations why am I the one who has to call her—Hello Mrs. Green! Hi, it’s Monica Geller.
Monica: (on phone) Hi, umm I know this is last minute, but we’ve decided to throw an impromptu baby shower for Rachel today.
Monica: Yeah, I’m sorry. I’m-I’m so sorry.
Monica: (To Phoebe) Oh my God, my ass is sweating! (on phone) Please! Please! Can you come? It’s today at four.
Monica: Thank you. (Hangs up.)
Monica: Son of a bitch! (Calls Mrs. Green again.)
Monica: You ordered a stripper for the shower?! That is totally inappropriate!
Monica: Hi!
Monica: Yes, thank you so much. And again, we’re so sorry. We could not feel worse about it.
Monica: She’s still mad.
Monica: Phoebe, Sandra’s mad at you too. It-it doesn’t bother you?
Monica: Okay. I can do that. (Pause) I gotta go powder my ass.
Monica: What?
Monica: I personally would be honored if she wanted to live with me.
Monica: That’s right. That is right, you go over there and tell her you don’t want her to live with you. Do not take no for an answer!
Monica: (To Phoebe) This is great! Now she’s gonna be mad at Rachel! Y’know what? And I’m just gonna swoop in there and be like the daughter she never had.
Monica: Yes! Yes! And I think that the first gift that Rachel opens should be from the grandmother of the baby, because you’re the most important person in this room. And in the world!
Monica: Rachel, listen to your mother. She is very smart.
Monica: It is going to be okay! (Mrs. Green glances over her shoulder and glares at Monica while she heads for the bathroom.) It was worth a shot.
Monica: It’s frightening.
Monica: (laughs) You’re still so funny. You’re so funny. (To Phoebe) What do I do?
Monica: Y’know what? You’re-you’re right.
Monica: Really?
Monica: Okay! I will! Mrs. Green? Mrs. Green! (She ignores Monica and Monica follows her out into the hall with Phoebe in tow.) It is rude to leave a party without saying good-bye to the host! Yeah, and-and also when someone apologizes to you the decent thing to do is to accept it! Now what I did to you, it wasn’t on purpose! But what you’re during to me now is just plain spiteful!
Monica: That’s right! Maybe it’s time you took a good hard look at a mirror young lady…old lady…lady!
Monica: So whenever you’re ready to apologize to me, I will forgive you. Good day! (Monica and Phoebe reenter the apartment and Monica closes the door on a stunned Mrs. Green.) I can’t feel my legs!
Monica: Yeah? I’m proud of me too.
Monica: Yeah could-could-could you get me something to drink?
Monica: Okay. (When Phoebe turns around Monica runs out into the hall after Mrs. Green.) Mrs. Green! Okay I’m really sorry!! I’m apologizing for the—(She trips and falls down the stairs.) (Pause) Okay, I bit my tongue, but I’m still really sorry!
Monica: (entering) Hey!
Monica: (seeing the stack of newspapers) Oh my God! Look at all the newspapers! It must be a good review! Is it great?!
Monica: (reading) Oh dear God!
Monica: What about the rest of Manhattan?!
Monica: Oh my God, this is horrible!
Monica: I’m so humiliated!
Monica: You don’t think that umm, (reading) "The chef’s Mahi Mahi was awful awful," is bad press?
Monica: Is he right? Am I really—Am I awful?
Monica: We said at the movies, but…
Monica: Joey! (He returns) Now that you’re here…
Monica: Hey Joey, come taste this.
Monica: Remember that guy that gave me a bad review? Well… (Feeds him a spoonful of what she’s cooking.) I’m getting my revenge!
Monica: No. He teaches a course on food criticism at the New School, so before we go to the movies I wanna go by there and make him try my bouillabaisse again. Oh, I cannot wait to read the front page of the Post tomorrow! "Restaurant reviewer admits: I was wrong about Monica."
Monica: Hi! Umm, I’m Monica Geller, I’m the chef at Alessandro’s.
Monica: I think the things that you said about me are really unfair, and I would like for you to give my bouillabaisse another chance.
Monica: Spoon? (Hands him one and he tastes it.) So, what do you think?
Monica: I can.
Monica: Well umm, they both have a egg yolk and butter base, but a bearnaise has shallots, shirvel, and most importantly tarragon. 
Monica: Monica.
Monica: Okay. (Does so.)
Monica: Oh no! I don’t know anything about cooking. I had to ask someone what it’s called when the, when the water makes those little bubbles.
Monica: I-I-I’m sorry, your-your mouth was full, I didn’t hear what you said. Umm, hats off to who now?
Monica: That’s right.
Monica: Y’know, you called me that before so I-I took the liberty of fashioning a star out of aluminum foil. Now, no pressure, you like my cookies, you give me the star. (Hands it to her.)
Monica: Wow! A star! (The class glares at her.) I know you all hate me and-and I’m sorry, but I don’t care.
Monica: Joey! I’m so proud of you!
Monica: Excuse me? He doesn’t even know what he’s doing!
Monica: I do! I’m a professional chef! (The class gasps.) Oh relax! It’s not a courtroom drama!
Monica: I’m-I’m sorry, it’s just that umm… Well I-I cook at this restaurant, Alessandro’s, and umm I just got a really bad review…
Monica: You do?
Monica: Oh, I’m totally crazy, but you-you like the food?
Monica: Okay then, I don’t stink. I’m a good chef. Okay. (Starts to leave.)
Monica: Oh, look! Acting for Beginners! Want to feel good about yourself?
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Are we gonna take a limo?
Monica: Oh I love taking limos when nobody died!
Monica: What are you doing here so early?
Monica: Well, well Ross didn’t care enough to be here, so I think he’s out. You snooze you lose.
Monica: Well then somebody’s snoozing. Joey, not that this uh should affect you at all, but if you were to pick me, I was planning on wearing a sequined dress, cut down to here. (Points to her stomach just above her belly button.)
Monica: Star in a movie.
Monica: Wait a minute, just because he paid for your head shots you’re gonna take him? Joey, I don’t think you’re comprehending just how slutty this dress is!
Monica: She’s over a week late! She gotta have it today, right?
Monica: Hmm, care to make it interesting? I’ll bet you that she’ll have it by this time tomorrow.
Monica: Okay, how much?
Monica: How about fifty bucks?
Monica: Damnit! Damnit!! Here’s your fifty bucks! (Pays Phoebe.)
Monica: Now stop it! Double or nothing that she has it by tomorrow!
Monica: Okay.
Monica: She’s in the bathroom.
Monica: I’m actually with her on this one.
Monica: Hey!
Monica: What did the doctor say? Any news on when the baby will come?
Monica: Well what is it? What is it? If it’s gonna help bring the baby here, like today. I mean, I think you should do it.
Monica: Do it!
Monica: I’m just saying it’s been a really long time for you. I mean, women have needs. Do it, get yours!
Monica: All right, let’s be practical, if Ross isn’t willing to do it, he’s not the only guy in the world you can have sex with. You can borrow Chandler—Chandler is good!
Monica: Nothing. I just want the baby to be born today.
Monica: Okay fine! I keep betting Phoebe that you’re gonna have the baby and I don’t want to lose again!
Monica: Wait a minute! Now I’m betting against all three of you?
Monica: Oh, okay!
Monica: Two hundred.
Monica: That’s it. I’m done. I don’t care when the baby comes, no more betting.
Monica: Hello? (Listens) Uh-huh. (Listens) Uh-huh. (Listens) Okay. (Hangs up.) I guess we can bet one more time.
Monica: How did you know that?! (Runs to yell at Joey’s apartment.) Joey! Chandler!! It’s time!
Monica: You know everything!! Oh wait, double or nothing. I bet you the baby is over seven pounds. (Phoebe isn’t interested.) I bet you it has hair. (She’s still not interested.) I bet you it’s a girl.
Monica: (following her) I’ll give you really good odds.
Monica: How are you doing?
Monica: We took a cab. Did you guys walk?
Monica: Hey, you wanna see something?
Monica: Umm, this is going to be fun. Watch me freak out Chandler. Honey?
Monica: Listen uh, I-I’ve been doing some thinking, and I don’t know whether it’s because we’re here or Rachel’s giving birth but umm, I think we should try to have a baby.
Monica: (freaking out) What-what-what’s that now?!
Monica: What?! Are you kidding me?! You-you-you think we’re ready to have a baby now?!
Monica: Yeah but I was just screwing with you to try to get your voice all high and weird like mine is now!
Monica: Okay, just back off mister! Whoa. (Pause) ‘Cause I am ready to have a baby. I just want Joey to be the father.
Monica: That’s it! Right there! Is all I wanted!
Monica: Oh good God! If you want a baby so bad just go steal it! 
Monica: What is going on with you? Since when are you so crazy about babies?
Monica: What?
Monica: We are pretty good.
Monica: Well maybe I’m ready now. I mean, it’s a little scary, but maybe it’s right.
Monica: What?!!
Monica: So we’re gonna try? I mean, are we trying?
Monica: Okay, hold on a sec.
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: Well, we could start trying. Now.
Monica: No, not here. Maybe here.
Monica: And it’s so clean!!
Monica: I think we found a place.
Monica: Umm, wait! Do you want to set the mood a little?
Monica: Okay! Okay! Make me sterile, but okay.
Monica: Okay. Let’s hurry—Oh wait! Do we have a condom? (He looks at her.) Oh right! (Laughs and they resume making out when a nurse catches them in the act.)
Monica: We could, or we can have sex in it.
Monica: (lying down on the bed) Okay mister! Fertilize me!
Monica: Does that sound like Janice?
Monica: Hey!
Monica: I can’t believe this is taking so long. How are you doing?
Monica: Oh my God! She’s amazing. Oh, oh I’m so glad you guys got drunk and had sex!
Monica: What’s the matter?
Monica: It’s okay honey, you’ll find a name.
Monica: Yeah, I’ve had them picked out since I was fourteen.
Monica: Umm, okay. If it’s a boy it’s Daniel.
Monica: I don’t want to say.
Monica: Okay. It’s Emma.
Monica: Take it.
Monica: It’s clearly an Emma.
Monica: Yeah, but I love you more. Besides y’know, nothing goes with Bing. So I’m screwed. I mean… (Rachel hands Emma to Monica.) Oh, hi Emma. Yeah, that’s you. You’re our little Em. Oh what’s that honey? What? Oh, you want a little cousin? (To Chandler) You want a cousin right now?!
Monica: I know. Hey, do you realize we may have just changed our lives forever? We may have just started a family. Nine months from now we can be here, having our own baby.
Monica: (entering with everyone else including Mr. Geller) Hi! Hey look who’s here!
Monica: Oh, Aunt Liddy’s coming? That means we get five dollars each!
Monica: About what?
Monica: Isn’t she beautiful?
Monica: I want a baby.
Monica: Come on! Come on, if we have sex again it’ll double our chances of getting pregnant. Do you think that closet’s still available?
Monica: Deal!
Monica: Oh, I still can’t believe my dad saw us having sex! He didn’t make it to one of piano recitals, but this he sees!
Monica: Hi Dad! I can still call you that right?
Monica: It wasn’t fun?!
Monica: The truth is, Dad, we’re-we’re trying.
Monica: Yeah, we’re trying to get pregnant.
Monica: Well, that’s okay dad, we-we can wait until later.
Monica: Daddy?!
Monica: Daddy! I don’t think we need to hear about the specific positions you and mom had sex.
Monica: I don’t feel good right now.
Monica: Hey.
Monica: Well, now’s a good time. I’m on my way to have my ears cut off.
Monica: What?
Monica: Is he crazy?! You just had Ross’s baby!
Monica: What?! Are you crazy? You just had Ross’s baby! It’s-it’s so inappropriate. No, it’s worse than that. It’s wrong. It’s… It is bigger than mine! (Rachel’s engagement ring.)
Monica: You can’t marry him!
Monica: Well do you love him?
Monica: Sure?
Monica: Honey, the question is…do you really want to marry Joey?
Monica: (walking by with Chandler.) Hey dad!
Monica: Ok, I don’t wanna be negative so I’ll say that most of the signs you bought are good.
Monica: (looking at Chandler sleeping with a balloon in his mouth) So sexy. (Waking him up.) Honey.
Monica: Honey why don’t you go lie down.
Monica: Phoebe did the signs!
Monica: Phoebe! But I could take one of those little feet and put it in a pita pocket.
Monica: Wow, he’s really not letting this go, is he?
Monica: Breaks your heart doesn’t it
Monica: Alright here’s something, it says to try holding the baby close to your body and then swing her rapidly from side to side.
Monica: It worked!
Monica: Umm, she Rach, not it, she. 
Monica: Oh my god, I am losing my mind.
Monica: Try feeding her again.
Monica: I know, that’s why I said again!
Monica: Hey.
Monica: Okay what’s up
Monica: Oh yeah (smiles).
Monica: What? Who says that?
Monica: What’s going on?
Monica: Excuse me?
Monica: (stands up angry) Tulsa, Oklahoma!
Monica: Chandler, I don’t even wanna see the musical Oklahoma!
Monica: Are you trying to tell me that we’re moving to Oklahoma, or that you’re gay? All right, not that this matters, but did they at least offer you a huge raise?
Monica: Thank you.
Monica: Oh she misunderstood, she thought she was moving to Tulsa.
Monica: About a week and a half.
Monica: Rach, try holding her a different way.
Monica: You’re just new at this, it’ll get better, think about your first day at work. I mean, that couldn’t have been easy but you figured that out.
Monica: Okay I’ll take her, here. (Takes Emma)
Monica: (To Emma) Bouncy baby, Bouncy baby, Ooh baby baby, Ooh baby baby, Ooh baby baby. (Emma stops crying and falls asleep)
Monica: It worked! Ooh baby baby baby, ooh baby baby baby!
Monica: I can’t believe it!  She’s asleep!  I got her to go to sleep!   I have actual magical powers!
Monica: Yes I did, I’m Monica, Super Aunt
Monica: Yes I am!!
Monica: Say what?
Monica: (stands up to hand Emma back) Oh no no no no!
Monica: What?
Monica: Shhh! We just got her to go to sleep
Monica: No.
Monica: (loudly) What!?
Monica: (comes running out the kitchen to the bedroom) Got it! Got it! Got it! Got it! Got it! Got it!
Monica: I kind of have to don't I? Because of this stupid   thing (Points to her wedding ring.)
Monica: Hey!
Monica: You got out of the whole Tulsa thing?
Monica: It's great! How?
Monica: So you're gonna be gone four days a week? (Thinks   about it.) No.
Monica: No. I can't be away from you for that long.
Monica: Yeah, you're my husband. I'm not gonna live in a   different state than you for 208 days out of the year.
Monica: Honey, thanks for trying to figure out a way, but   if you're going to Tulsa, I wanna go with you.
Monica: I know! (They high-five.) 
Monica: Excuse me?
Monica: Why don't you go see Dr. Gettleman? 
Monica: He didn't die. I saw his daughter last week. Said   he was fine. Her on the other hand, botched Botox.
Monica: Oh, maybe he was getting him confused with his childhood   therapist.
Monica: Yeah, he used to have this recurring nightmare, just   really freaked him out.
Monica: That I was going to eat him.
Monica: Hey!
Monica: What are you doing?
Monica: That's so sweet. Find anything?
Monica: Nothing, huh?
Monica: 'Slim Pickings'...That is so cheesy.
Monica: Honey, that's okay. I actually know this woman, Nancy,   who's a restaurant biz head-hunter. Maybe she'll know of something.
Monica: (On phone) Hi, Nancy. Hi, it's Monica Geller. I'm   good. Listen, I'm looking for a job in Tulsa. Well yeah, my husband has been   relocated...Because I love him! No, I don't want a job in New York. Javo (sp?)   is looking? Oh my God! He asked for me personally? Oh my God! Oh, wow, this   is really flattering, but I'm moving to Tulsa. Yeah, so if you would tell Javo   (sp?) 'I'll take it!'
Monica: You're right. (Pause) Maybe I shouldn't go.
Monica: So Nancy told me about this job at this great restaurant,   Javo (sp?). It's just a little outside of Tulsa.
Monica: Manhattan.
Monica: I'm gonna miss this hand! Okay I know it's a lot   to ask, but oh my God Chandler, this is a once in a lifetime opportunity.
Monica: Well, if you really think about it, I mean four days   is not that long. I mean, I see you Monday before you go to work, and I see   you Thursday when you get back, and I always work late on Tuesdays, so really   if you think about it, it's really just one day. And well, if we can't make   it one day, we've got real problems my friend.
Monica: Really?
Monica: That's the nicest anyone has ever said to me!
Monica: How was the pediatrician?
Monica: Are you serious? You still see Dr. Gettleman?
Monica: Where have you been?
Monica: Promise to call me when you land.
Monica: I love you too. (They kiss)
Monica: (Runs out to the hallway) Chandler, wait. It goes:   Old job, (Raises her hand) new job, (Raises her hand really high) you. This   is just something I have to do.
Monica: I love you so much.
Monica: Can I talk now?
Monica: Joey?
Monica:: hey Joey
Monica:: Joey I am not going to objectify woman with you   (looks at the woman) but if her face is as nice as her ass woah mamma.
Monica:: yeah he has to stay in Tulsa this weekend
Monica:: he has to work, there's some rush on the big (pause,   thinks) ah damn it one of these days I'm really gonna have to start listening   when he talks about his job.
Monica:: maybe I will go (thinks) yea will have a second   honeymoon at the Tulsa romana.
Monica:: how do you know I have one of those?
Chandler: DO NOT DISTURB DO NOT DISTURB! Monica: (smiles)
Monica:: is everything all right?
Monica:: I'm gonna go freshen up ok
Monica:: Hey Rach its me ok I just got the Chandler's room   and I caught him molesting himself.
Monica:: yea well the weird part is... he was getting off   to a shark attack show!
Monica:: Yes! Chandler Watches Shark Porn!
Monica:: do you know how many times I've seen him jump up   like that, believe me I know what he was doing.
Monica:: what means if he gets like a disease or kills someone.   not if he gets his jollys to jaws!
Monica:: Eww are you talking about my bother.
Monica:: But you don't remember sleeping with her.
Monica:: what's the big deal, you forgot, she forgot, maybe   you were having an off night
Monica:: Honey why don't you just let it go and ask her   out again.
Monica:: Joey, Joey.
Monica:: you don't think sharks are sexy do you?
Monica:: Hi, how was your flight? (She hugs him)
Monica:: Here why don't you sit down, get yourself comfortable   because I. (Monica shows him the tape then puts it in) have   a little surprise for you.
Monica:: Ok (sits down next to him) This is how much I love   you. (She presses play then puts her arm around Chandler's neck.)
Monica:: Is this not the good part? Do you want me to fast   forward to something a little toothier.
Monica:: Oh well this is the only one they had at our video   store, but they did have something called crocodile killers. Or does it always   have to be sharks?
Monica:: Honey look we can do something else, do you want   me to get into the tub and thrash.
Monica:: sweetie it's ok, I still love you, let me be a   part of this.
Monica:: I saw what you were doing in Tulsa. angry sharks   turn you on!
Monica:: then why were you watching them and giving YOURSELF   a treat.
Monica:: really?
Monica:: I cannot tell you how happy that makes me! (They   hug)
Monica:: Im very, very drunk right now.
Monica: What are you talking about? Were all together right now.
Monica: Oh, dear god!
Monica: (opening the door) Hey!
Monica: Hmhmm. (ties up)
Monica: This is not, what Im wearing. Im ovulating and Chandlers  gonna be home any minute, so I thought we would try before dinner.
Monica: Believe me, Chandler and I have not seen each other in over a  week. Well probably be the first ones there.
Monica: (naughty in doorway) Welcome home. Ive missed you. join me in  the bedroom?
Monica: (comes over) O-kay, so you wanna play it that way, do you?
Monica: You dont need a shower.
Monica: What do I smell? (sniffs him) I smell smoke. Huhdid you  smoke?
Monica: (gets a pack out of his jacket)
Monica: How can you smoke in this day of age? Do you not seen that ad  with a little kid walks to grandpa, its chilling.
Monica: So what? Dont you have any will power?
Monica: You said that was sexy!
Monica: Thats right, because I forbid you to smoke again.
Monica: Mhmm.
Monica: Dont joke (?) with me, okay? Im very, very upset right  now.
Monica: Yes.
Monica: Well, Ill tell you what were gonna do: We are already late  for Phoebes birthday dinner, so you point out put out that cigarette, were  gonna put this fight on hold and go have sex.
Monica: Sex! This is the last day Im ovulating, and when we dont do  it now, well have to wait till next month. (walks towards bedroom)
Monica: Oh yeah!
Monica: Huh, and no cuddling.
Monica: Oh good, I hate it when you do that
Monica: Spend more time with the tie. Thatll make a baby.
Monica: Oh sure, now youre Mister Sensitivity. But when you wanted to  have sex right after my uncles funeral
Monica: No, youre right. Mnya, we shouldnt do it like this. Huch.  For what its worth, Im, Im sorry. I shouldnt have come down on you so hard  about the smoking. So you had a few cigarettes, not the end of the world.
Monica: Yah.
Monica: Dyou want to?
Monica: kay.
Monica: You know what? Lets not talk.
Monica: Uch. I am still so mad at you for smoking.
Monica: Oh, blablablabaybaybay.
Monica: I was just saying that because I was ovulating and you said  you wouldnt have sex with me while were fighting.
Monica: Thats right, I got mine.
Monica: (entering with husband) Happy birthday!
Monica: Well, we had a little fight.
Monica: You used to tell girls you were a Kennedy. (being sat down)  Ooh, uh, thanks. Wow, little tight, isnt it? How dyou get a bigger table?  You-you had a big table, but they made you move. Huh-huh, shut up Monica. Whoo,  I suppose that Chandler will have the smoked duck.
Monica: Why would you do that?
Monica: Moms here? I wanted to have lunch with her today, she told me  she was out of town.
Monica: Uch, you see, Im ovulating.
Monica: Yes smokie, that is what it was. I just cant get enough.
Monica: Bye.
Monica: So, Im, Im probably still ovulating. Do you want to give it  another try?
Monica: We dont have much time. Once the egg descended the oviduct  
Monica:  (Monica looks at Rachel in disbelief) She said WHAT?
Monica: Hey Hon, could you help me get the plates down?
Monica: No, I think we should save our china for something   really special. Like if the Queen of England comes over.
Monica: What if something gets broken, they're so expensive. 
Monica: Ok, but if something gets broken, and then the Queen   comes over..
Monica: &lt;laughs&gt; Oh yeah, like I'm going to let you   talk to the queen. 
Monica: Careful. &lt;hands Chandler a china plate&gt; Careful.   CAREFUL! 
Monica: I know, after you left the store, I chose different   ones.
Monica: well no offense honey, but your taste is a little   feminine for me.
Ross to Monica: Hi.
Monica: yeah oh my god, I'm so moved. 
Monica: Okay! It's time for dinner. Everyone we're using   our fancy china.. um and its very expensive so please be careful.
Monica: Okay, just to be clear comedy with the plates will   not be well recieved. &lt;pinches Ross' arm&gt;
Monica: No, honey, its. thats a special plate.  See   its a game, whoever gets that plate wins. 
Monica: That was me. 
Monica: Now see, this way you protect the plate.. and lets   face it you have fun. 
Monica: Thats not how you see me, is it? 
Monica: Hey. There you are. You disappeared after dinner. 
Monica: Ross and Rachel don't know what they're talking about.   I mean its not like their so responsible. Emma is a product of a bottle of   Merlot and a five year old condom. 
Monica: No you learn these things. You grow into it.
Monica: I don't know it! I want to have a kid with you because   I think you're going to be an amazing dad... at the fun parts and the hard   parts. 
Monica: Can you hear me say "You're grounded"?
Monica: How hard is it? No shoes on the furniture. 
Monica: Oh wait.. What are you doing? 
Monica: Oh how nice. Maybe later we can all go blow our noses   on my wedding dress. 
Monica: Put the plates in the boxes!! Put the plates in the   boxes! 
Monica: uh huh.. I mean these things happen. Its' just a   plate. Its not like somebody died. 
Monica: I don't care. &lt;pauses and realizes...&gt; Oh my   god. I've lost the will to scold. 
Monica: Like only if the queen comes?
Monica: Bye plates!
Monica: What? Something happened with the plates?
Monica: I can't believe you're not gonna be here for Christmas.
Monica: It's so unfair, you don't even like your job!
Monica: It's just... It's hard enough not seeing you during the week, but for Christmas... alright, if this is what you have to do, I understand.
Monica: (shocked) You're not gonna be here New Year's Eve??
Monica: No!
Monica: Come on Ben.
Monica: Okay Ben, why don't you come open some more presents, and Santa, the Armadillo and I have a little talk in the kitchen? There's a sentence I'd never thought I'd say.
Monica: (to Chandler) Hey, you think, you can keep it another night? (She has a really teasing look on her face and keeps twirling Chandler's beard.)
Monica: Yeah, is that okay?
Monica: No.
Monica: Hi Honey! We're all here; we just want to wish you a Merry Christmas.
Monica: So is it horrible? Is everybody working really hard?
Monica: Wendy? -- That sounds like a girl's name.
Monica: Umhmm, umhmm, about the time you told me about New Year's Eve. Where is everybody else?
Monica: Ohh, you are such a good boss! Is she pretty?
Monica: What does she do there?
Monica: She did WHAT?
Monica: *What*??
Monica: Alright, well, maybe I should let you and the second prettiest girl in Oklahoma get back to work.
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Okay!
Monica: Merry Christmas.
Monica: Really?
Monica: Well, not anymore.
Monica: I know, I just thought it would be fun.
Monica: Drunk enough that I know I wanna do this. Not so drunk that you should feel guilty about taking advantage.
Monica: Okay!
Monica: (breaking the kiss) Y'know what's weird?
Monica: This doesn't feel weird!
Monica: You're a really good kisser.
Monica: Hm-hmm!
Monica: Wow! You are really fast!
Monica: We're gonna see each other naked.
Monica: Do you wanna do it at the same time?
Monica: One!
Monica: Two!
Monica: Eh, we weren't that close anyway!
Monica: Well uh, you and I are just goofing around, I thought, why not just goof around with him.
Monica: I think you're better than you think you are.
Monica: (interrupting) Know when to stop.
Monica: Yeah. (They kiss and as she starts to leave, Chandler starts to dance. Without turning around:) Don't do the dance.
Monica: I can't get married until I get something old, something new, something borrowed, and something blue.
Monica: You're so efficient. I love you!
Monica: No-no-no, wait! We need something old!
Monica: That'll work!
Monica: Okay, now we just need something borrowed!
Monica: That's stealing!
Monica: Ohh. (Rubs her fake stomach.)
Monica: Listen umm, I've been thinking, it's not fair for me to ask you to spend all of your money on our wedding. I mean, you work, you work really hard for that.
Monica: Eh, you work for that.
Monica: You do?!
Monica: Oh, you're so sweet. (They hug and kiss.) Oh, but wait, what about our, what about the future and stuff?
Monica: You thought about that?
Monica: How many kids were we gonna have?
Monica: What else did you think about?
Monica: (laughs) Y'know what? I-I don't want a big, fancy wedding.
Monica: No, I want everything that you just said. I want a marriage.
Monica: Uh-hmm.
Monica: I love you. (They kiss.)
Monica: "Wendy" is a fat girl name.
Monica: Okay, fine. Let's talk about snow. -- Do you think it's snowing in Tulsa, where my husband is having sex on a copying machine?
Monica: What are you doing here?
Monica: But I thought if you left, you get fired.
Monica: What?
Monica: Oh my god!
Monica: No, I think that this is what you wanna do, I think it's great!
Chandler: Actuary... no. Book-keeper... no. Topless dancer... (he looks down on himself, checking, then nods satisfied and marks the offer with a pen) (to Monica:) Hey, d'you know what I just realized? You are the sole wage earner. *You* are the head of the household. I don't do anything - I'm a kept man!
Monica: You are! (she picks up a bill from the table, handing it to Chandler) Hey, here's twenty bucks. -- Why don't you go buy yourself something pretty while I'm at work tomorrow?
Monica: Would you stop staring at her?
Monica: What's the big deal with her? Maybe she's attractive in an obvious kind    of way.
Monica: Yeah. Hey, that was nice of you guys to back off and let Joey get the girl    for once.
Monica: They've elected me to talk to you about the baby talk - it's not so good.
Monica: (to Chandler) Take me home! (they quickly leave)
Monica: Hey Rach!
Monica: Ready for your birthday lunch?
Monica: Pleased to meet you. So you're coming to Rachel's party tonight?
Monica: You were just being so nice to him!
Monica: Right there! That was so fake!
Monica: Oh, you're welcome for the party. I'm glad you're having a good time.
Monica: Does he?
Monica: Maybe he's bothering you so much because he likes you. It's like in first    grade when Skippy Langwild always pushed me on the playground because he secretly    had a crush on me?
Monica: Wouldn't kick her out of bed. No more Vodka for me! (put her glass down)
Monica: Hey Rach, somebody got you shoes!
Monica: So this is what a stroke feels like.
Monica: Hey!
Monica: No way! You had your party, now I have mine! Is everything alright?
Monica: Well, at least you have one thing to be happy about. That jerk Gavin from    your office didn't show up (Gavin shows up at the balcony windows).
Monica: Oh, we weren't talking about you. No, no way to recover.
Monica: (from inside) Again, you're welcome.
Monica: Ohmygod! Rat baby! Rat baby! Rat baby! (screams from another room)
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Sure, we'll do that. What are you up to?
Monica: Oh my god.
Monica: Just figured, 'cause you and Ross are...
Monica: You want a job? Turn off "Oprah," and send out a resume!
Monica: Oh, it's perfect.
Monica: Okay, just so you know, I'm gonna be ovulating from tomorrow until       the sixth, so don't touch yourself in the next 48 hours.
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: No, it's not.
Monica: Oh my god. Today's the sixth?! I may be done ovulating! I may have       also served some very questionable meat at the restaurant.
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Hey, where are all my ovulation-sticks? There's only one here.
Monica: Chandler!
Monica: We're okay. I'm still ovulating.
Monica: So, let's do this.
Monica: Come on. I know you're not eighteen anymore, but give it a minute.
Monica: Oh my god, Emma. Oh, sweetie, I forgot you were here. Oh, you're       right, we can't do this. We can't leave her alone.
Monica: Unless... Maybe we do it here. I mean, how much can she even be aware       of at this age?
Monica: Canoodling?
Monica: I don't know. I mean, I guess having sex in front of a baby isn't       so...
Monica: I guess you're right.
Monica: But what kind of a sick bastard wants to do it in front of a deer?
Monica: She's asleep. Chandler?
Monica: What are you doing?
Monica: She's asleep.
Monica: Yes, but we have to be fast.
Monica: Well, that was weird. You were loud, and I was fast.
Monica: Oh, I wish I didn't have to wait to take a pregnancy test.
Monica: Oh my god, where's Emma? Where's Emma?
Monica: Okay, okay, I'm sure that Rachel came home early and picked up Emma.       You go look across the hall, and I'll call her cell.
Monica: Hey, you better hope that we're pregnant, because one way or another,       we're giving a baby back to Rachel.
Monica: Hey, did you stop by here?
Monica: Oh my god, then...
Monica: Oh, thank god! Emma, there you are!
Monica: Oh, we were playing "peek-a-boo." She just – she loves       it when I'm dramatic.
Monica: No, we weren't!
Monica: No, please don't. Please, Joey. She will kill us!
Monica: Unless what?
Monica: I know...God. I haven't seen my savings take a hit like this since   I was a kid and they came up with double-stuffed Oreos. What happened to all   our money?
Monica: I guess with you doing the internship, we're just spending more than   we're bringing in.
Monica: Oh, But you're finally doing something that you love! I can't ask   you to give that up. Though it'd be nice if the thing that you love was y'know...   finding gold.
Monica: Ok worse case scenario is...we borrow some money from my parents.
Monica: Why not?
Monica: Wow! I Had no idea you had this much pride.
Monica: Hey Joey!
Monica: Listen...I need to know that what I'm about to ask you, will never   get back to Chandler.
Monica: (Looks exasperated) Ok first of all...It would be great. But that's   not what I'm here to talk to you about. I need to borrow some money.
Monica: But Chandler lent you money!
Monica: Come on...I just need it for some rent and..and some other bills.
Monica: Two thousand dollars?
Monica: Yeah...
Joey &amp; Monica: Hey!
Monica: Anyway erm, are you going to get a handyman to install this stuff?
Monica: You're a pig. And you can't do this.
Monica: Well you know it's just like living with a girl. Only they don't steal   your makeup. Unless they're playing "This is what my sister would look   like" (Looks at Chandler)
Monica: Is that a bit you guys do?
Monica: We don't do that! Tell her we don't do that!
Monica: I hear wedding bells.
Monica: Don't you mean..groomy?
Monica: I don't want her to get a boob job! That's crazy!
Monica: So you gave in and decided to call someone?
Monica: Thank you?
Monica: Ok, you're being wierd. Do you want sex or did you do something bad?
Monica: Ok..You know the old classics you know,You look nice? They're still   ok.
Monica: Okay...
Monica: I know why do you think he was so worried about me getting bigger?
Monica: Oh my god. We're trying to get pregnant so he's probably starting   to freak out about the fact that my body is going to change.
Monica: You heard him! "No bigger!" "You're perfect!" "Just   don't get any bigger!" Oh my god he sounded just like my high school wrestling   coach. You know what? I'm going to have to talk to Chandler.
Monica: Honey?
Monica: About that? Erm...I'm going to change.
Monica: I'm going to get bigger!
Monica: Well, my breasts are going to get bigger weather you like it or not!   And you know what? It's not just my breasts. My ass is going to get bigger   too.
Monica: It's kind of a package deal!
Monica: I thought I was something that we both wanted!
Monica: Joey, Chandler knows I borrowed the money.
Chandler/Joey/Rachel/Monica: Bye bye Mike!/Cya mike!/Bye mike!/Bye bye now!
Monica: We're all sorry... (They have a group hug)
Monica: Hey Phoebe... how you doin'? You feelin' better?
Monica: Ok, you got it!
Monica: Really? If that's what you want... 
Monica: Damn it! Rookie mistake!
Monica: Alright, wait a second, why would Ross tell everyone in your class that you are as...  (reads from the screen) "gay as the day is long"?
Monica: But that's clearly a joke. This could easily be true. (Phone rings)
Monica: (On the phone) Hello? No, he's not here. Yeah, this is his wife. Yeah, well, it came as quite a shock to me too. I guess I should have known. Yeah, I mean, he just kept making me watch Moulin Rouge.
Monica: What are you doing?
Monica: Okay if Mike were here what would the two of you be doing?
Monica: What are you, animals? It's 4 o'clock in the afternoon!
Monica: Phoebe, that's how it starts. I don't need to eat the cake, I'll just smell the icing... why don't I just eat a little sliver, or, okay, just a slice or two. And next thing you know, you're 210 pounds and you get wedged in going down the tunnel slide. Phoebe, honey, I know this is hard. Look, if you talk to him, you're going to wanna see him. And if you see him, you're going to want to get back together with him. I know that's not what you want. (pause) Give me your phone.
Monica: And now your cell.
Monica: This is your cellphone?
Monica: This is your current cellphone?
Monica: Phoebe, where's your purse?
Monica: No, no! Give it to me!
Monica: Give it to me!
Monica: I'll go in there.
Monica: Phoebe come here
Monica: Haha!
Monica: Haha!
Monica: So Phoebe, why are there men's shoes by the door.
Monica: Oh, when you get over this breakup we need to go shopping.
Monica: Who's that? (goes to open door)
Monica: (To Mike) What are you doing here?
Monica: Phoebe!
Monica: Damnit Phoebe! How did you even call him?
Monica: Base Unit! Think Monica! Think!
Monica: (to Mike) This doesn't concern you!!
Monica: Look, guys, you can't do this, it's just going to make getting over each other, that much harder.
Monica: Sure! If you're just gonna hang out as friends, then maybe I'll join ya. You know, I'm your friend (to Phoebe) and Mike's friend (Mike is sceptical).
Monica: Oh wow wow wow!! Make room for your friend! (sits herself down between them)
Monica: I've been pretty good!
Monica: Oh no no no no... this is dangerous territory. Keep it clean!
Monica: You know, on the way over here, I saw this drunk guy throw up. And then a pigeon ate it!
Monica: Alright you two, I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Now I don't want anything going on while I'm gone. Here's a few things you can discuss: mucus, fungus and the idea of me and Ross doing it.
Monica: (running back into the room) Kiss him, you fool!!
Monica: Didn't you hear that speech? If you don't kiss him then I will!
Monica: Hi, that's what I'm doing for Phoebe!
Monica: Excuse me?
Monica: Hey, at least I knew where my guy was.
Monica: You didn't hear the speech!
Monica: Hey, it was very moving! You're just heartless!
Monica: You're... weird!
Monica: Oh (realizes her pants are undone and zips them up)!
Monica: Damn it!
Monica: And I blame you too.
Monica: Hi, glad you could come.
Monica: So, did you know Ross well?
Monica: (a bit surprised) Yes, he is. Me.
Monica: I look like a man??
Monica: You are married though.
Monica: Ok.
Monica: But ehm...what is it not?
Monica: And what else is it not?
Monica: Very good! (Gives him the keys) What do you need it for anyway?
Monica: Hey, maybe I'll drive you up there! I'd like to buy some tickets myself! 
Monica: Yeah with Chandler not getting paid, we could really use 300 million dollars.
Monica: How do you know she's gonna start talking?
Monica: God! Look at all these tickets! It's so exciting! You know I haven't won anything since the sixth grade.
Monica: Oh! You assume because I was heavy that's the only way I could win something? 
Monica: (smiling)That was a good day!
Monica: I'm parked in a garage on Morton! 
Monica: (to Ross)So, did you come by to watch us win the big bucks?
Monica: Chandler is supposed to find out if he's getting an assistent job at his ad agency. But out of the 15 interns, they are only hiring three.
Monica: Oh! I hate that guy! I mean come on kid! Pull up your pants!
Monica: Hey that reminds me, I thought we could use some extra luck so I brought a wishbone home from work.
Monica: Alright, who wants to do it?
Monica: Ok, hey Rach?
Monica: Well, it doesn't really matter ... you're both wishing for the same thing, right?
Monica: Right! .. but we "know" what you're wishing for!
Monica: I understand, but you're wishing for what we think you're wishing for, aren't you?
Rachel, Chandler and Monica: Please, just do it!
Monica: You know what, Ross? I'm gonna throw in 50 bucks for you.
Monica: Because I know that you think the lottery is "boohaki" but we're all here and gonna watch the numbers and have fun. And you're my brother, and I want you to be a part of this.
Monica: Hey, don't say that! You got just as good a chance as anybody else of getting that job!
Monica: Come on, lottery!! (everybody cheers)
Monica: Ok, here we go. We need to sort out the tickets as quickly as possible to see if we've won. So does anybody have any ideas how to organize this? (doesn't let them answer) Ok, how about this: we divide them into 6 groups of 40, and the remaining 10 can be read by whoever finishes their pile first.
Monica: I'm sorry, idea time is over.
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: There are no tickets on the nightstand!
Monica: Un, no you didn't! You must be mistaken!
Monica: Chandler, sense the tone!!
Monica: Ok, fine!! I bought 20 extra tickets for me and Chandler.
Monica: Hey, you just got in 5 minutes ago!
Monica: When you were reading the dirty magazines without taking off the plastic!
Monica: Please ... if I win the lottery, you guys are not gonna leave me. Someone gave me a basket of mini-muffins last week and I couldn't get rid of you for 3 days!
Monica: Ahhh!  (shocked)
Monica: There's the man I married!!
Monica: Fine! Don't be my friends! I'll buy new friends! Yeah, and then I'll pay for their plastic surgery so they'd look just like you!
Monica: No, no! We should divide them up (picks up the bowl) and I should get extra because we used my card to buy them!
Everyone but Monica: Friends! 
Monica: Money! (they all look at her) Friends...
Monica: They're all in there! Even these five that I hid in my bra (takes some tickets out of her bra and gives them to Phoebe)...
Monica: Phoebe, we lost half of them.
Monica: Oh, play them!
Monica: Oh God, I am so sorry honey...
Monica: (she hugs Chandler) Honey, you've been really strong about this, I know how badly you wanted that job.
Monica: (she draws out a ticket from a pocket of her pants) 131! (they kiss)
Monica: We are on a roll, people!!
Monica: Check your numbers! Make me rich!
Monica: Make me rich!!
Monica: Just double checking (does so)...no, no, no...(takes off a shoe and takes a ticket out of it) No!
Monica: (answering phone) Hello? Hold on. It's your boss.
Monica: Oh sweetie, I'm so proud of you!
Monica: You bet! No TV or anything! (she gets up from the sofa and goes to the kitchen area)
Monica: Let me see!
Monica: You know what? You can have mine.
(Rachel comes out of her room and starts staring at him unseen)Joey: I want you.I need you.Let me make love to you. Rachel: I don't wanna stand in the way of true love or anything, but I think a  cantaloupe might hurt less. Joey: Oh, ehm...I'm...I'm rehearsing my lines.They gave me a big romantic story on Days Of Our Lives. It's the first time my character's got one. I'm so nervous, you know, I really want it to be good! Rachel: Woow!I haven't seen you this worked up since you did that dog food commercial and you thought you were gonna be with a real talking dog! Joey: Yeah, that was a disappointment...(pause) Oh, hey!D'you want to come down to the set and tell me if I'm doing ok? Rachel: (excited) Are you serious? Joey: Yeah!Hey, you just have to promise not to get yourself thrown out again. Rachel: Hey, that was an honest mistake! Joey: Right!(he starts to ape her)"Oh my God, is this the men's room? Oh, I feel so foolish, have you always known you wanted to be an actor?" (he inclines his head as if to look at a man's private parts) Rachel: Yeah, that was an awesome day! Opening credits [Scene: Central Perk] Monica: Hey! Phoebe: Hey! Ross: Hi! Monica: So, do you guys wanna come and eat dinner at the restaurant sometime in the next few weeks? Phoebe: Sure! Ross: I'd love to! Monica: Well you can't! We're booked solid for the next month! Phoebe: Well, I can't give you a massage, because my licence has been revoked again! Ross: Phoebe, what happened? Phoebe: Well, it was an accident...You know, it's a lot of oil and sometimes the hand just slips! (Chandler enters)Chandler: (To Monica) Have I got a surprise for you? Pack your bags! Phoebe: Oh no!You guys aren't supposed to get divorced for 7 years! Chandler: What? No, I'm taking Monica to a romantic inn in Vermont (shows them a brochure)! Phoebe: Oh, good!Ok, good for you!Try to recapture the magic! Chandler: So, what do you say? Can you get out of work? Monica: Oh, honey!I can't. I was just telling these guys that things are crazy at the restaurant! Chandler: Are you really that busy? Monica: Yeah, I'm sorry. I really am. Chandler: Oh, that's ok.I'll just try and reschedule. (on the phone) "Hi, this is Chandler Bing. I made a reservation there and I need to change it (pause) Oh, what do you mean it's not refundable? Can I just come some other time? (pause) Oh, can't you make an exception?" Monica: Tell them I'm a chef in a big New York restaurant! Phoebe: And tell them that in 2 weeks I will once again be a masseuse in good standing! Chandler: (on the phone) "Look, this is ridiculous! I'm not paying for that room! Ok?" (pause) "Oh, thank you very much!" (hangs up) Yeah, I'm going to Vermont... Ross: Oh, don't worry about it! Just use your travel insurance. Chandler: I don't have travel insurance. Ross: Well, this is what happens when people live on the edge! Monica: Why don't you take Ross? Ross: Uh, don't you think that would be a little weird? I mean, two guys in a romantic inn... Monica: No, not if their room has two beds! Ross: (browsing the brochure) I guess...It still seems a little...(enthusiastically) moonlight boat ride!! [Scene: Days of Our Lives' Studios] Rachel: Hey Joey, is this the bed where Olivia lost her virginity? Joey: I don't know, but one of the extras sure did! (pause) Hey, listen Rach. Thanks again for coming down to watch my scenes! Rachel: Oh, please!Honey, just the fact that you want me here to support you, I'm...OH MY GOD!Is that Christian Sanders?He's so gorgeous! Joey: Also so gay! Rachel: Oh, in my head he's done some pretty "not-gay-stuff"! Joey: Well, at the Christmas party him and Santa did some definitely gay stuff! Director: Joey, Joey! We're ready for you! Joey: Oh, wish me luck! Rachel: Ok, not that you need it but good...GOD!Is that Chase Lassiter?He's straight, right? Joey: Rach, I gotta say...if you weren't here wondering if these guys were gay I don't know if I could do this! Rachel: Oh, I'm sorry, you're right.I'm sorry, good luck! (they hug) Director: On a bell please! Quietly.. and ACTION! (the scene starts.Joey enters and there's a girl wearing a wedding dress near a bed)Actress/Olivia: Drake! What are you doing in here? Joey/Drake: Stopping you from marrying the wrong man and making the biggest mistake of your life. Actress/Olivia: Get out! Joey/Drake: You don't love him! Actress/Olivia: What do you know about love? Joey/Drake: I know what I felt that night when we kissed under the bridge. Actress/Olivia: That kiss never happened. Joey/Drake: Oh, what about this one. (the actress slaps him)Rachel: (watching a television where the scene is shown, startled) OH! Actress/Olivia: No, I told you...get out! Joey/Drake: Fine. I'll go. But let me ask you one question... Chase Lassiter: (talking to Rachel) You look familiar, have we... Rachel: SSSHHHHTTT!!He's asking her a question!! Joey/Drake: Can you really live the rest of your life never knowing what we could have been? Actress/Olivia: I don't have a choice... Joey/Drake: Yes, you do.Yes...you do. I'm the one who doesn't have a choice because I...because I can't stop loving you. Actress/Olivia: Don't say that... Joey/Drake: Tell me to stop, just...tell me to stop. (he's about to kiss her) Director: CUT! Rachel: NO! (pause) Or, cut!You know, that's your call! [Scene: Monica's restaurant] 1st Customer: Everything was delicious! Monica: Thank you! 2nd Customer: It was. The duck in particular was superb. Monica: Thank you!(she looks at the 3rd customer waiting for a compliment) You haven't said anything... 3rd Customer: Actually I do have one small complaint. Monica: Oh..please!I-I welcome criticism. 3rd Customer: The musician right outside the restaurant...it's kind of a mood-killer! Monica: What musician? [Scene: Outside the restaurant] Phoebe: (playing guitar and singing) And there's a country called Argentinaaaa, it's a place I've never seeeeen. But I'm told for fifty pesos you can buy a human spleen. Humaaan spleeeeen. Olè! Monica: What are you doing here! Phoebe: Well, you said that you had customers lined up in the street, so I am here to entertain! Monica: Great! Phoebe: Yeah! It really has been great too, you know, some of this people must have seen me play before because they were requesting a bunch of my songs! Yeah, "You suck" and "shut up and go home". Monica: Listen Phoebe... Phoebe: Yeah. Monica: You know how much I love listening to your music, you know, but... Phoebe: But what? Monica: This is kind of a classy place. Phoebe: (pause) Ok, say no more. [Time lapse: Phoebe in front of restaurant again] Phoebe: (with a fancy dress, still playing and singing): It wasn't just that she was fat, the woman smelled like garbage! Everyone! It wasn't just that she was fat the woman smelled like garbaaaaaage! (to Monica, showing her dress) Classy, uh? (Monica covers her face with her hands)[Scene: hall of the romantic inn in Vermont] Chandler: Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation. Receptionist: Welcome to the Chestnut Inn Mr. Bing, so where are you joining from? Chandler: New York. Ross: (in a strange voice and eating candies) The big apple! Chandler: I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here. Ross: Yeah, I ate all my gifts for everybody. Receptionist: I am sorry Mr. Bing, there's no record of your reservation in the computer. Chandler: Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please? Ross: (high pitched voice) Check again please! Receptionist: I'm sorry, it's not here. Ross: Not there. Chandler: Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation? Receptionist: I don't know what to say. Ross: (mumbling) She doesn't know what to say! Chandler: Just give us the cheapest room you have. Receptionist: Unfortunatly the only thing we have available is our deluxe suite, the rate is six hundred dollars. Chandler: That's insane! Ross: Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves. Chandler: Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? (pause) We'll take it. Receptionist: Great. Chandler: (aside, to Ross) What!? They are totally ripping us off! Ross: Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six! Chandler: Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there! Ross: C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time! Chandler: Dude, you're shaking! Ross: I think it's the sugar, could you hold the apple? [Scene: Joey's apartment] Rachel: Hi! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking all day about that scene you did, I mean, you were amazing! Joey: Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me! Rachel: God, you have to tell me what happens tomorrow! Joey: Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me? Rachel: Me? Oh, no, I am not an actress. Joey: Oh, all right, I can ask Monica. Rachel: Oh screw her, that part is mine! Joey: Right... (pause) ok, so just from the top of the page, right here. Rachel: Okay. (pause).(acting) Hello Drake, I'm surprised to see you here. Joey/Drake: I can't believe you married him. Rachel/actress: But what choice did I have. He was keeping my sister in a dungeon! Joey/Drake: So what about us? Everything we feel for each other. Rachel/actress: It's over! You have to accept that. Joey/Drake: How can I? Knowing I'll never hold you in my arms again, or touch your skin, or feel your lips, knowing I'll never make love to you? How can I accept that... I can never kiss you again when it's all I can do not to kiss you right now. Rachel: (pause) Kiss me. Joey: What? Rachel: Kiss me. Joey: Ah, Rach, it doesn't say that! Rachel: No, I'm saying... Joey: but, but.. Rachel: just... don't talk... (she kisses him) [Scene: Rachel's bedroom] Rachel: (waking up) Ehhh, aw! (pause). Well, that's new! [Scene: Hotel's room] Ross: (on the phone) Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? (pause) Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? (pause) Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons.  (Chandler enters the room)Ross: What did you get? Chandler: USA Today Ross: Nice, put it with the others. Chandler: And I also got... two more apples. Ross: We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!   Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. Ross: Oh, that's not cool. Chandlers: Dude, none of this is cool. Ross: No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. (pause) Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt (he opens the salt shaker and pours the salt into his hand) I wish I'd thought this through. Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that. Ross: Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)? Ross: No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Chandler: Yes, but the batteries... (Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Monica: Hey!
Monica: So, do you guys wanna come and eat dinner at the restaurant sometime in the next few weeks?
Monica: Well you can't! We're booked solid for the next month!
(Chandler enters)Chandler: (To Monica) Have I got a surprise for you? Pack your bags! Phoebe: Oh no!You guys aren't supposed to get divorced for 7 years! Chandler: What? No, I'm taking Monica to a romantic inn in Vermont (shows them a brochure)! Phoebe: Oh, good!Ok, good for you!Try to recapture the magic! Chandler: So, what do you say? Can you get out of work? Monica: Oh, honey!I can't. I was just telling these guys that things are crazy at the restaurant! Chandler: Are you really that busy? Monica: Yeah, I'm sorry. I really am. Chandler: Oh, that's ok.I'll just try and reschedule. (on the phone) "Hi, this is Chandler Bing. I made a reservation there and I need to change it (pause) Oh, what do you mean it's not refundable? Can I just come some other time? (pause) Oh, can't you make an exception?" Monica: Tell them I'm a chef in a big New York restaurant! Phoebe: And tell them that in 2 weeks I will once again be a masseuse in good standing! Chandler: (on the phone) "Look, this is ridiculous! I'm not paying for that room! Ok?" (pause) "Oh, thank you very much!" (hangs up) Yeah, I'm going to Vermont... Ross: Oh, don't worry about it! Just use your travel insurance. Chandler: I don't have travel insurance. Ross: Well, this is what happens when people live on the edge! Monica: Why don't you take Ross? Ross: Uh, don't you think that would be a little weird? I mean, two guys in a romantic inn... Monica: No, not if their room has two beds! Ross: (browsing the brochure) I guess...It still seems a little...(enthusiastically) moonlight boat ride!! [Scene: Days of Our Lives' Studios] Rachel: Hey Joey, is this the bed where Olivia lost her virginity? Joey: I don't know, but one of the extras sure did! (pause) Hey, listen Rach. Thanks again for coming down to watch my scenes! Rachel: Oh, please!Honey, just the fact that you want me here to support you, I'm...OH MY GOD!Is that Christian Sanders?He's so gorgeous! Joey: Also so gay! Rachel: Oh, in my head he's done some pretty "not-gay-stuff"! Joey: Well, at the Christmas party him and Santa did some definitely gay stuff! Director: Joey, Joey! We're ready for you! Joey: Oh, wish me luck! Rachel: Ok, not that you need it but good...GOD!Is that Chase Lassiter?He's straight, right? Joey: Rach, I gotta say...if you weren't here wondering if these guys were gay I don't know if I could do this! Rachel: Oh, I'm sorry, you're right.I'm sorry, good luck! (they hug) Director: On a bell please! Quietly.. and ACTION! (the scene starts.Joey enters and there's a girl wearing a wedding dress near a bed)Actress/Olivia: Drake! What are you doing in here? Joey/Drake: Stopping you from marrying the wrong man and making the biggest mistake of your life. Actress/Olivia: Get out! Joey/Drake: You don't love him! Actress/Olivia: What do you know about love? Joey/Drake: I know what I felt that night when we kissed under the bridge. Actress/Olivia: That kiss never happened. Joey/Drake: Oh, what about this one. (the actress slaps him)Rachel: (watching a television where the scene is shown, startled) OH! Actress/Olivia: No, I told you...get out! Joey/Drake: Fine. I'll go. But let me ask you one question... Chase Lassiter: (talking to Rachel) You look familiar, have we... Rachel: SSSHHHHTTT!!He's asking her a question!! Joey/Drake: Can you really live the rest of your life never knowing what we could have been? Actress/Olivia: I don't have a choice... Joey/Drake: Yes, you do.Yes...you do. I'm the one who doesn't have a choice because I...because I can't stop loving you. Actress/Olivia: Don't say that... Joey/Drake: Tell me to stop, just...tell me to stop. (he's about to kiss her) Director: CUT! Rachel: NO! (pause) Or, cut!You know, that's your call! [Scene: Monica's restaurant] 1st Customer: Everything was delicious! Monica: Thank you! 2nd Customer: It was. The duck in particular was superb. Monica: Thank you!(she looks at the 3rd customer waiting for a compliment) You haven't said anything... 3rd Customer: Actually I do have one small complaint. Monica: Oh..please!I-I welcome criticism. 3rd Customer: The musician right outside the restaurant...it's kind of a mood-killer! Monica: What musician? [Scene: Outside the restaurant] Phoebe: (playing guitar and singing) And there's a country called Argentinaaaa, it's a place I've never seeeeen. But I'm told for fifty pesos you can buy a human spleen. Humaaan spleeeeen. Olè! Monica: What are you doing here! Phoebe: Well, you said that you had customers lined up in the street, so I am here to entertain! Monica: Great! Phoebe: Yeah! It really has been great too, you know, some of this people must have seen me play before because they were requesting a bunch of my songs! Yeah, "You suck" and "shut up and go home". Monica: Listen Phoebe... Phoebe: Yeah. Monica: You know how much I love listening to your music, you know, but... Phoebe: But what? Monica: This is kind of a classy place. Phoebe: (pause) Ok, say no more. [Time lapse: Phoebe in front of restaurant again] Phoebe: (with a fancy dress, still playing and singing): It wasn't just that she was fat, the woman smelled like garbage! Everyone! It wasn't just that she was fat the woman smelled like garbaaaaaage! (to Monica, showing her dress) Classy, uh? (Monica covers her face with her hands)[Scene: hall of the romantic inn in Vermont] Chandler: Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation. Receptionist: Welcome to the Chestnut Inn Mr. Bing, so where are you joining from? Chandler: New York. Ross: (in a strange voice and eating candies) The big apple! Chandler: I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here. Ross: Yeah, I ate all my gifts for everybody. Receptionist: I am sorry Mr. Bing, there's no record of your reservation in the computer. Chandler: Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please? Ross: (high pitched voice) Check again please! Receptionist: I'm sorry, it's not here. Ross: Not there. Chandler: Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation? Receptionist: I don't know what to say. Ross: (mumbling) She doesn't know what to say! Chandler: Just give us the cheapest room you have. Receptionist: Unfortunatly the only thing we have available is our deluxe suite, the rate is six hundred dollars. Chandler: That's insane! Ross: Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves. Chandler: Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? (pause) We'll take it. Receptionist: Great. Chandler: (aside, to Ross) What!? They are totally ripping us off! Ross: Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six! Chandler: Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there! Ross: C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time! Chandler: Dude, you're shaking! Ross: I think it's the sugar, could you hold the apple? [Scene: Joey's apartment] Rachel: Hi! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking all day about that scene you did, I mean, you were amazing! Joey: Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me! Rachel: God, you have to tell me what happens tomorrow! Joey: Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me? Rachel: Me? Oh, no, I am not an actress. Joey: Oh, all right, I can ask Monica. Rachel: Oh screw her, that part is mine! Joey: Right... (pause) ok, so just from the top of the page, right here. Rachel: Okay. (pause).(acting) Hello Drake, I'm surprised to see you here. Joey/Drake: I can't believe you married him. Rachel/actress: But what choice did I have. He was keeping my sister in a dungeon! Joey/Drake: So what about us? Everything we feel for each other. Rachel/actress: It's over! You have to accept that. Joey/Drake: How can I? Knowing I'll never hold you in my arms again, or touch your skin, or feel your lips, knowing I'll never make love to you? How can I accept that... I can never kiss you again when it's all I can do not to kiss you right now. Rachel: (pause) Kiss me. Joey: What? Rachel: Kiss me. Joey: Ah, Rach, it doesn't say that! Rachel: No, I'm saying... Joey: but, but.. Rachel: just... don't talk... (she kisses him) [Scene: Rachel's bedroom] Rachel: (waking up) Ehhh, aw! (pause). Well, that's new! [Scene: Hotel's room] Ross: (on the phone) Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? (pause) Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? (pause) Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons.  (Chandler enters the room)Ross: What did you get? Chandler: USA Today Ross: Nice, put it with the others. Chandler: And I also got... two more apples. Ross: We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!   Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. Ross: Oh, that's not cool. Chandlers: Dude, none of this is cool. Ross: No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. (pause) Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt (he opens the salt shaker and pours the salt into his hand) I wish I'd thought this through. Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that. Ross: Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)? Ross: No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Chandler: Yes, but the batteries... (Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Monica: Oh, honey!I can't. I was just telling these guys that things are crazy at the restaurant!
Monica: Yeah, I'm sorry. I really am.
Monica: Tell them I'm a chef in a big New York restaurant!
Monica: Why don't you take Ross?
Monica: No, not if their room has two beds!
(the scene starts.Joey enters and there's a girl wearing a wedding dress near a bed)Actress/Olivia: Drake! What are you doing in here? Joey/Drake: Stopping you from marrying the wrong man and making the biggest mistake of your life. Actress/Olivia: Get out! Joey/Drake: You don't love him! Actress/Olivia: What do you know about love? Joey/Drake: I know what I felt that night when we kissed under the bridge. Actress/Olivia: That kiss never happened. Joey/Drake: Oh, what about this one. (the actress slaps him)Rachel: (watching a television where the scene is shown, startled) OH! Actress/Olivia: No, I told you...get out! Joey/Drake: Fine. I'll go. But let me ask you one question... Chase Lassiter: (talking to Rachel) You look familiar, have we... Rachel: SSSHHHHTTT!!He's asking her a question!! Joey/Drake: Can you really live the rest of your life never knowing what we could have been? Actress/Olivia: I don't have a choice... Joey/Drake: Yes, you do.Yes...you do. I'm the one who doesn't have a choice because I...because I can't stop loving you. Actress/Olivia: Don't say that... Joey/Drake: Tell me to stop, just...tell me to stop. (he's about to kiss her) Director: CUT! Rachel: NO! (pause) Or, cut!You know, that's your call! [Scene: Monica's restaurant] 1st Customer: Everything was delicious! Monica: Thank you! 2nd Customer: It was. The duck in particular was superb. Monica: Thank you!(she looks at the 3rd customer waiting for a compliment) You haven't said anything... 3rd Customer: Actually I do have one small complaint. Monica: Oh..please!I-I welcome criticism. 3rd Customer: The musician right outside the restaurant...it's kind of a mood-killer! Monica: What musician? [Scene: Outside the restaurant] Phoebe: (playing guitar and singing) And there's a country called Argentinaaaa, it's a place I've never seeeeen. But I'm told for fifty pesos you can buy a human spleen. Humaaan spleeeeen. Olè! Monica: What are you doing here! Phoebe: Well, you said that you had customers lined up in the street, so I am here to entertain! Monica: Great! Phoebe: Yeah! It really has been great too, you know, some of this people must have seen me play before because they were requesting a bunch of my songs! Yeah, "You suck" and "shut up and go home". Monica: Listen Phoebe... Phoebe: Yeah. Monica: You know how much I love listening to your music, you know, but... Phoebe: But what? Monica: This is kind of a classy place. Phoebe: (pause) Ok, say no more. [Time lapse: Phoebe in front of restaurant again] Phoebe: (with a fancy dress, still playing and singing): It wasn't just that she was fat, the woman smelled like garbage! Everyone! It wasn't just that she was fat the woman smelled like garbaaaaaage! (to Monica, showing her dress) Classy, uh? (Monica covers her face with her hands)[Scene: hall of the romantic inn in Vermont] Chandler: Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation. Receptionist: Welcome to the Chestnut Inn Mr. Bing, so where are you joining from? Chandler: New York. Ross: (in a strange voice and eating candies) The big apple! Chandler: I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here. Ross: Yeah, I ate all my gifts for everybody. Receptionist: I am sorry Mr. Bing, there's no record of your reservation in the computer. Chandler: Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please? Ross: (high pitched voice) Check again please! Receptionist: I'm sorry, it's not here. Ross: Not there. Chandler: Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation? Receptionist: I don't know what to say. Ross: (mumbling) She doesn't know what to say! Chandler: Just give us the cheapest room you have. Receptionist: Unfortunatly the only thing we have available is our deluxe suite, the rate is six hundred dollars. Chandler: That's insane! Ross: Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves. Chandler: Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? (pause) We'll take it. Receptionist: Great. Chandler: (aside, to Ross) What!? They are totally ripping us off! Ross: Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six! Chandler: Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there! Ross: C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time! Chandler: Dude, you're shaking! Ross: I think it's the sugar, could you hold the apple? [Scene: Joey's apartment] Rachel: Hi! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking all day about that scene you did, I mean, you were amazing! Joey: Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me! Rachel: God, you have to tell me what happens tomorrow! Joey: Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me? Rachel: Me? Oh, no, I am not an actress. Joey: Oh, all right, I can ask Monica. Rachel: Oh screw her, that part is mine! Joey: Right... (pause) ok, so just from the top of the page, right here. Rachel: Okay. (pause).(acting) Hello Drake, I'm surprised to see you here. Joey/Drake: I can't believe you married him. Rachel/actress: But what choice did I have. He was keeping my sister in a dungeon! Joey/Drake: So what about us? Everything we feel for each other. Rachel/actress: It's over! You have to accept that. Joey/Drake: How can I? Knowing I'll never hold you in my arms again, or touch your skin, or feel your lips, knowing I'll never make love to you? How can I accept that... I can never kiss you again when it's all I can do not to kiss you right now. Rachel: (pause) Kiss me. Joey: What? Rachel: Kiss me. Joey: Ah, Rach, it doesn't say that! Rachel: No, I'm saying... Joey: but, but.. Rachel: just... don't talk... (she kisses him) [Scene: Rachel's bedroom] Rachel: (waking up) Ehhh, aw! (pause). Well, that's new! [Scene: Hotel's room] Ross: (on the phone) Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? (pause) Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? (pause) Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons.  (Chandler enters the room)Ross: What did you get? Chandler: USA Today Ross: Nice, put it with the others. Chandler: And I also got... two more apples. Ross: We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!   Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. Ross: Oh, that's not cool. Chandlers: Dude, none of this is cool. Ross: No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. (pause) Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt (he opens the salt shaker and pours the salt into his hand) I wish I'd thought this through. Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that. Ross: Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)? Ross: No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Chandler: Yes, but the batteries... (Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(the actress slaps him)Rachel: (watching a television where the scene is shown, startled) OH! Actress/Olivia: No, I told you...get out! Joey/Drake: Fine. I'll go. But let me ask you one question... Chase Lassiter: (talking to Rachel) You look familiar, have we... Rachel: SSSHHHHTTT!!He's asking her a question!! Joey/Drake: Can you really live the rest of your life never knowing what we could have been? Actress/Olivia: I don't have a choice... Joey/Drake: Yes, you do.Yes...you do. I'm the one who doesn't have a choice because I...because I can't stop loving you. Actress/Olivia: Don't say that... Joey/Drake: Tell me to stop, just...tell me to stop. (he's about to kiss her) Director: CUT! Rachel: NO! (pause) Or, cut!You know, that's your call! [Scene: Monica's restaurant] 1st Customer: Everything was delicious! Monica: Thank you! 2nd Customer: It was. The duck in particular was superb. Monica: Thank you!(she looks at the 3rd customer waiting for a compliment) You haven't said anything... 3rd Customer: Actually I do have one small complaint. Monica: Oh..please!I-I welcome criticism. 3rd Customer: The musician right outside the restaurant...it's kind of a mood-killer! Monica: What musician? [Scene: Outside the restaurant] Phoebe: (playing guitar and singing) And there's a country called Argentinaaaa, it's a place I've never seeeeen. But I'm told for fifty pesos you can buy a human spleen. Humaaan spleeeeen. Olè! Monica: What are you doing here! Phoebe: Well, you said that you had customers lined up in the street, so I am here to entertain! Monica: Great! Phoebe: Yeah! It really has been great too, you know, some of this people must have seen me play before because they were requesting a bunch of my songs! Yeah, "You suck" and "shut up and go home". Monica: Listen Phoebe... Phoebe: Yeah. Monica: You know how much I love listening to your music, you know, but... Phoebe: But what? Monica: This is kind of a classy place. Phoebe: (pause) Ok, say no more. [Time lapse: Phoebe in front of restaurant again] Phoebe: (with a fancy dress, still playing and singing): It wasn't just that she was fat, the woman smelled like garbage! Everyone! It wasn't just that she was fat the woman smelled like garbaaaaaage! (to Monica, showing her dress) Classy, uh? (Monica covers her face with her hands)[Scene: hall of the romantic inn in Vermont] Chandler: Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation. Receptionist: Welcome to the Chestnut Inn Mr. Bing, so where are you joining from? Chandler: New York. Ross: (in a strange voice and eating candies) The big apple! Chandler: I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here. Ross: Yeah, I ate all my gifts for everybody. Receptionist: I am sorry Mr. Bing, there's no record of your reservation in the computer. Chandler: Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please? Ross: (high pitched voice) Check again please! Receptionist: I'm sorry, it's not here. Ross: Not there. Chandler: Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation? Receptionist: I don't know what to say. Ross: (mumbling) She doesn't know what to say! Chandler: Just give us the cheapest room you have. Receptionist: Unfortunatly the only thing we have available is our deluxe suite, the rate is six hundred dollars. Chandler: That's insane! Ross: Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves. Chandler: Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? (pause) We'll take it. Receptionist: Great. Chandler: (aside, to Ross) What!? They are totally ripping us off! Ross: Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six! Chandler: Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there! Ross: C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time! Chandler: Dude, you're shaking! Ross: I think it's the sugar, could you hold the apple? [Scene: Joey's apartment] Rachel: Hi! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking all day about that scene you did, I mean, you were amazing! Joey: Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me! Rachel: God, you have to tell me what happens tomorrow! Joey: Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me? Rachel: Me? Oh, no, I am not an actress. Joey: Oh, all right, I can ask Monica. Rachel: Oh screw her, that part is mine! Joey: Right... (pause) ok, so just from the top of the page, right here. Rachel: Okay. (pause).(acting) Hello Drake, I'm surprised to see you here. Joey/Drake: I can't believe you married him. Rachel/actress: But what choice did I have. He was keeping my sister in a dungeon! Joey/Drake: So what about us? Everything we feel for each other. Rachel/actress: It's over! You have to accept that. Joey/Drake: How can I? Knowing I'll never hold you in my arms again, or touch your skin, or feel your lips, knowing I'll never make love to you? How can I accept that... I can never kiss you again when it's all I can do not to kiss you right now. Rachel: (pause) Kiss me. Joey: What? Rachel: Kiss me. Joey: Ah, Rach, it doesn't say that! Rachel: No, I'm saying... Joey: but, but.. Rachel: just... don't talk... (she kisses him) [Scene: Rachel's bedroom] Rachel: (waking up) Ehhh, aw! (pause). Well, that's new! [Scene: Hotel's room] Ross: (on the phone) Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? (pause) Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? (pause) Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons.  (Chandler enters the room)Ross: What did you get? Chandler: USA Today Ross: Nice, put it with the others. Chandler: And I also got... two more apples. Ross: We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!   Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. Ross: Oh, that's not cool. Chandlers: Dude, none of this is cool. Ross: No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. (pause) Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt (he opens the salt shaker and pours the salt into his hand) I wish I'd thought this through. Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that. Ross: Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)? Ross: No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Chandler: Yes, but the batteries... (Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Monica: Thank you!
Monica: Thank you!(she looks at the 3rd customer waiting for a compliment) You haven't said anything...
Monica: Oh..please!I-I welcome criticism.
Monica: What musician?
Monica: What are you doing here!
Monica: Great!
Monica: Listen Phoebe...
Monica: You know how much I love listening to your music, you know, but...
Monica: This is kind of a classy place.
(Monica covers her face with her hands)[Scene: hall of the romantic inn in Vermont] Chandler: Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation. Receptionist: Welcome to the Chestnut Inn Mr. Bing, so where are you joining from? Chandler: New York. Ross: (in a strange voice and eating candies) The big apple! Chandler: I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here. Ross: Yeah, I ate all my gifts for everybody. Receptionist: I am sorry Mr. Bing, there's no record of your reservation in the computer. Chandler: Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please? Ross: (high pitched voice) Check again please! Receptionist: I'm sorry, it's not here. Ross: Not there. Chandler: Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation? Receptionist: I don't know what to say. Ross: (mumbling) She doesn't know what to say! Chandler: Just give us the cheapest room you have. Receptionist: Unfortunatly the only thing we have available is our deluxe suite, the rate is six hundred dollars. Chandler: That's insane! Ross: Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves. Chandler: Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? (pause) We'll take it. Receptionist: Great. Chandler: (aside, to Ross) What!? They are totally ripping us off! Ross: Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six! Chandler: Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there! Ross: C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time! Chandler: Dude, you're shaking! Ross: I think it's the sugar, could you hold the apple? [Scene: Joey's apartment] Rachel: Hi! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking all day about that scene you did, I mean, you were amazing! Joey: Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me! Rachel: God, you have to tell me what happens tomorrow! Joey: Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me? Rachel: Me? Oh, no, I am not an actress. Joey: Oh, all right, I can ask Monica. Rachel: Oh screw her, that part is mine! Joey: Right... (pause) ok, so just from the top of the page, right here. Rachel: Okay. (pause).(acting) Hello Drake, I'm surprised to see you here. Joey/Drake: I can't believe you married him. Rachel/actress: But what choice did I have. He was keeping my sister in a dungeon! Joey/Drake: So what about us? Everything we feel for each other. Rachel/actress: It's over! You have to accept that. Joey/Drake: How can I? Knowing I'll never hold you in my arms again, or touch your skin, or feel your lips, knowing I'll never make love to you? How can I accept that... I can never kiss you again when it's all I can do not to kiss you right now. Rachel: (pause) Kiss me. Joey: What? Rachel: Kiss me. Joey: Ah, Rach, it doesn't say that! Rachel: No, I'm saying... Joey: but, but.. Rachel: just... don't talk... (she kisses him) [Scene: Rachel's bedroom] Rachel: (waking up) Ehhh, aw! (pause). Well, that's new! [Scene: Hotel's room] Ross: (on the phone) Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? (pause) Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? (pause) Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons.  (Chandler enters the room)Ross: What did you get? Chandler: USA Today Ross: Nice, put it with the others. Chandler: And I also got... two more apples. Ross: We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!   Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. Ross: Oh, that's not cool. Chandlers: Dude, none of this is cool. Ross: No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. (pause) Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt (he opens the salt shaker and pours the salt into his hand) I wish I'd thought this through. Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that. Ross: Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)? Ross: No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Chandler: Yes, but the batteries... (Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(Chandler enters the room)Ross: What did you get? Chandler: USA Today Ross: Nice, put it with the others. Chandler: And I also got... two more apples. Ross: We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!   Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. Ross: Oh, that's not cool. Chandlers: Dude, none of this is cool. Ross: No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. (pause) Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt (he opens the salt shaker and pours the salt into his hand) I wish I'd thought this through. Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that. Ross: Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)? Ross: No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Chandler: Yes, but the batteries... (Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head.
Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him?
Monica: What do you think brought than on?
Monica: A love scene? With who?
Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important.
Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake.
Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college. 
Monica: It was hard!
(Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Rachel and Monica: Hi.
Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place.
Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore.
(silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough.
Monica: Tiny portions?
Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity.
Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in.
Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs.
Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy.
(the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall.
Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now.
Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on!
Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands)
Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again).
Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands)
Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand)
Monica: I'm sorry...
Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner? 
(Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty!
Monica: It sounds interesting!
Monica: Yeah.
Monica: No, I don't think it ever works. Why?
Monica: No, no, Rachel?
Monica: Who do you wanna fool around with?
(Monica points at Joey, Rachel turns and sees him)Rachel: (giggling and whispering) Maybe. Monica: (whispering) You can't! Rachel: (whispering) Why? (Monica gesticulates mumbling something that starts with "because") Seriously I did not understand a word that you said. Monica: In the hall. [Scene: In the hall] Monica: You wanna fool around with Joey? Rachel: Yeah! You know, ever since I had that dream about him, and can't get it out of my head! And what's the big deal, people do it all the time! Monica: Who? Who do you know that are friends that just fool around? Rachel: Ok, off the top of my head... Don and Janet. Monica: Who, who are they? Rachel: I know them from work. Monica: Both of them? Rachel: No, one of them... Monica: Which one? Rachel: I don't know, what were the names I just said? Monica: Rachel, things can get incredibly complicated. Rachel: All right, all right, you're right, I won't do anything with Joey, I just thought that we (Joey enters the hall) Ok so that would be two cups of tarragon, one pound of baking soda and one red onion? (Joey enters his apartment) Monica: What the hell are you cooking! Opening credits[Scene: Central Perk, Ross enters] Ross: Hey! Monica: Hey! Chandler: Hey! Ross: Hey, you guys won't believe what I have to do for work today. Chandler: Yes, but, Ross you chose a career of talking about dinosaurs. Ross: (covering with his hand Chandler's face, like pretending he's not there) (to Monica) There're these two professors who are joining my department and I have to meet them here and show them around campus. Monica: What's so bad about that? Ross: It's I just know they're gonna be a couple of windbags wearing tweed jackets with suede elbow patches. Monica: (fingering her elbow): Ross? Ross: (looking his elbow, where there's a patch) These aren't suede. (a woman walks in)Charlie: (to Gunther) Excuse me, I'm looking for someone. You don't, by any chance, know a Ross Geller? Gunther: No. Ross: Hi, hi, I'm Ross Geller. Charlie: Oh, hi. I'm professor Wealer. Ross: Oh, oh, that's, that's, that's nice. Charlie: It's a... It's good to meet you! Thank you so much for taking the time out to show me around. Ross: Oh, no, it's no big deal, I mean, if I weren't doing this I'd just, you know, be at the gym working out. Monica: (to Chandler) Is he gonna introduce us? Chandler: (to Monica) No, I think we're just blurry shapes to him now. Charlie: And, by the way, I really enjoyed your paper on the connection between geographic isolation and rapid mutagenesis. Ross: Oh, ha, I wrote that in one minute. Monica: (to chandler) Twenty bucks says they're married within the month. Ross: (hitting Monica with his suitcase) (to Charlie) We should probably get going, you know, we got a lot of ground to cover. Charlie: Oh, ah, isn't there another professor that is supposed to come with us? Ross: I don't think so. Charlie: I'm pretty sure, professor Spafford from Cornell? Ross: Oh, well he's obviously late and the rule in my class is "if you can't come on time, then don't come at all". (pause) An option that many of my students use. (pause) Shall we? Charlie: You don't think we should wait for him? Ross: You know what, he's a big boy, I'm sure he'll find us, ok? Professor Spafford: Professor Geller? Ross: Oh, damn it! [Scene: Joey's apartment] (Rachel enters the room and checks the answering machine)Jane: (from the answering machine) Hi Joey it's Jane Rogers, can't wait for your party tonight. Listen, I forgot your address, can you give me a call? Thanks, bye. Joey: (entering the room) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Joey: What's happenin'? Rachel: Yeah, it's a real shame you can't make it to that one-woman show tonight. Joey: Oh, I'd love to, but I gotta get up so early the next day and so, you know me, work comes first Rachel: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah... (she plays the answering machine) Message: "Hi Joey, it's Jane Rogers can't wait for your party tonight" (Joey's upset and stops it) Joey: (yelling) Stupid Jane Rogers!! Rachel: (angry) You are having a party tonight?? Joey: Kinda have a... a thing for the Days Of Our Life's people. Rachel: And you weren't going to tell us? How did you think you were gonna get away with that? Joey: I do it every year. Rachel: You do that every year?? Joey: I didn't have to tell you that!! I'm stupider than Jane Rogers!! Rachel: Oh, that's why you got these tickets to that play, to get rid of us?? Joey: Yeah... Rachel: And last year is that why you sent us to that medieval times restaurant? Joey: Yeah... Rachel: OH! And the year before that, when you set up that nighttime tour of that button factory? Joey: (Smiling) I can't believe you guys went for that one! Rachel: Joey, why wouldn't you invite us to your parties? Joey: You're fine, ok? But everyone else acts like an idiot around famous people! Rachel: Well, then so you just invite me...! Joey: (speaking aloud) Please, I was trying to be nice, you're the worst one! Rachel: Oh, Joey, come on! Please, please! Let me come, I will behave, I promise! I will behave! Please, please, please... Joey: Ok, ok! Fine! You can come, but don't tell anybody else. It's up on the roof at 8. Rachel: (yelling and jumping like a child) OH, a soap opera roof party!! I'm going to a soap opera roof party!! Oh my God, oh my God!! (realizing how she's behaving) And it's out of my system! [Scene: Ross, Charlie and Professor Spafford are sitting at the table in a restaurant] Professor Spafford: (speaking very slowly) And then my wife and I went on a cruise to the Galapagos. There was a sea food buffet you wouldn't believe. There were clams, and mussels, and oysters, and cracked crab, and snow crab, and king crab. It's a pity I'm allergic to shellfish. Ross: (very bored, he tries to avoid the conversation speaking to Charlie) So, where did you get your undergraduate degree? Professor Spafford: And that's not all I'm allergic to. Ross: (to Charlie) Oh, it's not over! Professor Spafford: I'm also allergic to peanuts, and cashews, and almonds, and filberts... Ross: So basically all nuts? Professor Spafford: Interestingly... no. Charlie: Kinda playing fast and loose with the word "interesting". Professor Spafford: If you'll excuse me I'm going to use the restroom. (he goes away) Charlie: Oh my God!! Ross: I've lost the will to live. Charlie: Let's ditch him! Ross: What? Charlie: Come on, he's still in the bathroom! I'm begging you! Ross: Oh... ok, fine. But... ehm... I just have one question for you, ehm... (aping Professor Spafford) When we exit should we walk, or run, or prance, or stroll... Charlie: Stop it, stop it! He talks slow but he might pee fast! Ok, let's go!! (they run outside) [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] Ross: (entering with Charlie) Oh, hey you guys! This is Charlie! Charlie, this is Phoebe and my sister, Monica. Phoebe: Hi! Ross: Yeah, Charlie is gonna be joining my department. Phoebe: Oh, you're a paleonthologist, too! (pause) Oh, ok, now, what do you think of Ranion's new theory of species' variegation in segmented arthopods? Charlie: Well, I think he's a little out there, but he does have some interesting ideas... Phoebe: Ah, ah. Charlie: (her mobile phone rings) Oh, I'm sorry. I'll take this. Excuse me. (she cuts herself off for a moment) Ross: (to Phoebe) Ranion's theory of species variegation? Phoebe: Yeah, I saw the article on your coffee table and I memorized the title to freak you out! Monica: (to Ross) So, did you two have fun? Ross: Oh my God, she's great! I mean, we-we have so much in common and she's just cool, and funny... Monica: And I don't know if you've noticed but she's a (aloud) HOTTY!! (Charlie looks at her) HI! Rachel: (she enters wearing a bath-robe) Hey... Hi you guys! Listen, you know what? I'm not feeling really well. I think I can't get out for the play. Ross: Really? Wh-what's wrong? Rachel: I don't know! I think it's kind of serious! Oh, you know... I was watching this thing on TV this morning about... Newcastle disease... and I think I might have it!! Charlie: Oh, Newcastle disease is a secretion borne virus that only affects chickens and... other poultry. Rachel: ... Ok, who is this? Ross: I'm sorry, Rachel, this is Charlie Wealer, she's a collegue. Rachel: Oh, hi! I would check your hand but... I'm sure you don't want to get my chicken disease! Monica: Hey, Rachel, Can-can I see you for a sec? Rachel: Sure! (Monica takes her apart) Oh... Monica: You're not sick! Rachel: What? Yes, I am! Monica: Ok, then, why are you... (she opens her robe revealing a nice black dress) all dressed up?? Rachel: When you're sick, you do whatever you can to make yourself feel better! (she closes her robe) Monica: You just wanna stay home so you can make a move on Joey! Rachel: Oh, no, no! I heard you before, that is so not what this is! Monica: Ok, what is this? Rachel: Ok! (whispering) Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof and he sent you guys to the play to get rid of you! Monica: (aloud) WHAT? Ross: (looking at them) Wh-what's going on? Monica: Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof! Rachel: And he didn't want you guys to know about it but I came over here to tell you!! Charlie: I thought you came to say you were sick. Rachel: Ok professor or detective? Phoebe: Joey's having a party and he wasn't gonna invite us? Rachel: Yeah, and he does it every year! That's why he's sending you to that play! That's why he sent us to that medieval restaurant and to that button factory! Phoebe: And that horrible museum tour! Ross: No, I arranged that... (Joey enters, wearing a bathrobe)Joey: (sounds tired) Hey you guys, I'm turning in. Have fun. Phoebe: We know about your party Joey. Joey: What party? Monica: The game's over! Take off your robe! Joey: (looks perplexed and opens up his robe) Ok... I mean... Everyone: No!! Cover it up!! Joey: (to Charlie after covering himself up again) Nice to meet ya! (Charlie waves hesitantly and Joey leaves) [Scene: The Roof] Joey: (To some people) Hey! Hey alright! Hey, glad you could make it (Shakes a man's hand) Thanks for coming. Monica: Oh my God! Kyle Lowder! Kyle Lowder: (to Monica) Hi. (walks on) Monica: (Yells after him) I love you! Joey: Hey, that's why I didn't invite you. you have to calm down, alright... go, go get yourself a drink or something... Monica: Oh yeah that's what you want - my inhibitions lowered. Phoebe: Hey! Monica: (Excited) Oh my God, can you believe we are surrounded by all this? I can barely control myself. Phoebe: Monica, you might want to remember that you are married. Where is Chandler anyway? (Looks around) Monica: (Shocked) Oh my God! Chandler! [Scene: The theater. Chandler is sitting in the otherwise empty front row, looking around nervously] Chandler: Where the hell is everybody? (The lights dim and Chandler tries to get away but as the bitter lady comes on stage and starts yelling he promptly changes his mind and sits down)Bitter lady: (yelling) Why don't you like me?! Chapter One: My first period. [Scene: The Roof, Rachel is talking to a guy who hands her a tissue with something written on it] Monica: (to Rachel) Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love". Rachel: Ok actually Mon, Matthew was just giving me his phone number. Monica: Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married! Matthew Ashford: It was nice to meet you Rachel. Rachel: Nice to meet you. Matthew Ashford: Call me. Rachel: Ok (Matthew leaves)Monica: (yelling after him) We will!! Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys! Rachel: Yeah! Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey? Rachel: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler! Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather) (cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Monica: (whispering) You can't!
Monica: In the hall.
Monica: You wanna fool around with Joey?
Monica: Who? Who do you know that are friends that just fool around?
Monica: Who, who are they?
Monica: Both of them?
Monica: Which one?
Monica: Rachel, things can get incredibly complicated.
Monica: What the hell are you cooking!
Monica: Hey!
Monica: What's so bad about that?
Monica: (fingering her elbow): Ross?
(a woman walks in)Charlie: (to Gunther) Excuse me, I'm looking for someone. You don't, by any chance, know a Ross Geller? Gunther: No. Ross: Hi, hi, I'm Ross Geller. Charlie: Oh, hi. I'm professor Wealer. Ross: Oh, oh, that's, that's, that's nice. Charlie: It's a... It's good to meet you! Thank you so much for taking the time out to show me around. Ross: Oh, no, it's no big deal, I mean, if I weren't doing this I'd just, you know, be at the gym working out. Monica: (to Chandler) Is he gonna introduce us? Chandler: (to Monica) No, I think we're just blurry shapes to him now. Charlie: And, by the way, I really enjoyed your paper on the connection between geographic isolation and rapid mutagenesis. Ross: Oh, ha, I wrote that in one minute. Monica: (to chandler) Twenty bucks says they're married within the month. Ross: (hitting Monica with his suitcase) (to Charlie) We should probably get going, you know, we got a lot of ground to cover. Charlie: Oh, ah, isn't there another professor that is supposed to come with us? Ross: I don't think so. Charlie: I'm pretty sure, professor Spafford from Cornell? Ross: Oh, well he's obviously late and the rule in my class is "if you can't come on time, then don't come at all". (pause) An option that many of my students use. (pause) Shall we? Charlie: You don't think we should wait for him? Ross: You know what, he's a big boy, I'm sure he'll find us, ok? Professor Spafford: Professor Geller? Ross: Oh, damn it! [Scene: Joey's apartment] (Rachel enters the room and checks the answering machine)Jane: (from the answering machine) Hi Joey it's Jane Rogers, can't wait for your party tonight. Listen, I forgot your address, can you give me a call? Thanks, bye. Joey: (entering the room) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Joey: What's happenin'? Rachel: Yeah, it's a real shame you can't make it to that one-woman show tonight. Joey: Oh, I'd love to, but I gotta get up so early the next day and so, you know me, work comes first Rachel: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah... (she plays the answering machine) Message: "Hi Joey, it's Jane Rogers can't wait for your party tonight" (Joey's upset and stops it) Joey: (yelling) Stupid Jane Rogers!! Rachel: (angry) You are having a party tonight?? Joey: Kinda have a... a thing for the Days Of Our Life's people. Rachel: And you weren't going to tell us? How did you think you were gonna get away with that? Joey: I do it every year. Rachel: You do that every year?? Joey: I didn't have to tell you that!! I'm stupider than Jane Rogers!! Rachel: Oh, that's why you got these tickets to that play, to get rid of us?? Joey: Yeah... Rachel: And last year is that why you sent us to that medieval times restaurant? Joey: Yeah... Rachel: OH! And the year before that, when you set up that nighttime tour of that button factory? Joey: (Smiling) I can't believe you guys went for that one! Rachel: Joey, why wouldn't you invite us to your parties? Joey: You're fine, ok? But everyone else acts like an idiot around famous people! Rachel: Well, then so you just invite me...! Joey: (speaking aloud) Please, I was trying to be nice, you're the worst one! Rachel: Oh, Joey, come on! Please, please! Let me come, I will behave, I promise! I will behave! Please, please, please... Joey: Ok, ok! Fine! You can come, but don't tell anybody else. It's up on the roof at 8. Rachel: (yelling and jumping like a child) OH, a soap opera roof party!! I'm going to a soap opera roof party!! Oh my God, oh my God!! (realizing how she's behaving) And it's out of my system! [Scene: Ross, Charlie and Professor Spafford are sitting at the table in a restaurant] Professor Spafford: (speaking very slowly) And then my wife and I went on a cruise to the Galapagos. There was a sea food buffet you wouldn't believe. There were clams, and mussels, and oysters, and cracked crab, and snow crab, and king crab. It's a pity I'm allergic to shellfish. Ross: (very bored, he tries to avoid the conversation speaking to Charlie) So, where did you get your undergraduate degree? Professor Spafford: And that's not all I'm allergic to. Ross: (to Charlie) Oh, it's not over! Professor Spafford: I'm also allergic to peanuts, and cashews, and almonds, and filberts... Ross: So basically all nuts? Professor Spafford: Interestingly... no. Charlie: Kinda playing fast and loose with the word "interesting". Professor Spafford: If you'll excuse me I'm going to use the restroom. (he goes away) Charlie: Oh my God!! Ross: I've lost the will to live. Charlie: Let's ditch him! Ross: What? Charlie: Come on, he's still in the bathroom! I'm begging you! Ross: Oh... ok, fine. But... ehm... I just have one question for you, ehm... (aping Professor Spafford) When we exit should we walk, or run, or prance, or stroll... Charlie: Stop it, stop it! He talks slow but he might pee fast! Ok, let's go!! (they run outside) [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] Ross: (entering with Charlie) Oh, hey you guys! This is Charlie! Charlie, this is Phoebe and my sister, Monica. Phoebe: Hi! Ross: Yeah, Charlie is gonna be joining my department. Phoebe: Oh, you're a paleonthologist, too! (pause) Oh, ok, now, what do you think of Ranion's new theory of species' variegation in segmented arthopods? Charlie: Well, I think he's a little out there, but he does have some interesting ideas... Phoebe: Ah, ah. Charlie: (her mobile phone rings) Oh, I'm sorry. I'll take this. Excuse me. (she cuts herself off for a moment) Ross: (to Phoebe) Ranion's theory of species variegation? Phoebe: Yeah, I saw the article on your coffee table and I memorized the title to freak you out! Monica: (to Ross) So, did you two have fun? Ross: Oh my God, she's great! I mean, we-we have so much in common and she's just cool, and funny... Monica: And I don't know if you've noticed but she's a (aloud) HOTTY!! (Charlie looks at her) HI! Rachel: (she enters wearing a bath-robe) Hey... Hi you guys! Listen, you know what? I'm not feeling really well. I think I can't get out for the play. Ross: Really? Wh-what's wrong? Rachel: I don't know! I think it's kind of serious! Oh, you know... I was watching this thing on TV this morning about... Newcastle disease... and I think I might have it!! Charlie: Oh, Newcastle disease is a secretion borne virus that only affects chickens and... other poultry. Rachel: ... Ok, who is this? Ross: I'm sorry, Rachel, this is Charlie Wealer, she's a collegue. Rachel: Oh, hi! I would check your hand but... I'm sure you don't want to get my chicken disease! Monica: Hey, Rachel, Can-can I see you for a sec? Rachel: Sure! (Monica takes her apart) Oh... Monica: You're not sick! Rachel: What? Yes, I am! Monica: Ok, then, why are you... (she opens her robe revealing a nice black dress) all dressed up?? Rachel: When you're sick, you do whatever you can to make yourself feel better! (she closes her robe) Monica: You just wanna stay home so you can make a move on Joey! Rachel: Oh, no, no! I heard you before, that is so not what this is! Monica: Ok, what is this? Rachel: Ok! (whispering) Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof and he sent you guys to the play to get rid of you! Monica: (aloud) WHAT? Ross: (looking at them) Wh-what's going on? Monica: Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof! Rachel: And he didn't want you guys to know about it but I came over here to tell you!! Charlie: I thought you came to say you were sick. Rachel: Ok professor or detective? Phoebe: Joey's having a party and he wasn't gonna invite us? Rachel: Yeah, and he does it every year! That's why he's sending you to that play! That's why he sent us to that medieval restaurant and to that button factory! Phoebe: And that horrible museum tour! Ross: No, I arranged that... (Joey enters, wearing a bathrobe)Joey: (sounds tired) Hey you guys, I'm turning in. Have fun. Phoebe: We know about your party Joey. Joey: What party? Monica: The game's over! Take off your robe! Joey: (looks perplexed and opens up his robe) Ok... I mean... Everyone: No!! Cover it up!! Joey: (to Charlie after covering himself up again) Nice to meet ya! (Charlie waves hesitantly and Joey leaves) [Scene: The Roof] Joey: (To some people) Hey! Hey alright! Hey, glad you could make it (Shakes a man's hand) Thanks for coming. Monica: Oh my God! Kyle Lowder! Kyle Lowder: (to Monica) Hi. (walks on) Monica: (Yells after him) I love you! Joey: Hey, that's why I didn't invite you. you have to calm down, alright... go, go get yourself a drink or something... Monica: Oh yeah that's what you want - my inhibitions lowered. Phoebe: Hey! Monica: (Excited) Oh my God, can you believe we are surrounded by all this? I can barely control myself. Phoebe: Monica, you might want to remember that you are married. Where is Chandler anyway? (Looks around) Monica: (Shocked) Oh my God! Chandler! [Scene: The theater. Chandler is sitting in the otherwise empty front row, looking around nervously] Chandler: Where the hell is everybody? (The lights dim and Chandler tries to get away but as the bitter lady comes on stage and starts yelling he promptly changes his mind and sits down)Bitter lady: (yelling) Why don't you like me?! Chapter One: My first period. [Scene: The Roof, Rachel is talking to a guy who hands her a tissue with something written on it] Monica: (to Rachel) Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love". Rachel: Ok actually Mon, Matthew was just giving me his phone number. Monica: Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married! Matthew Ashford: It was nice to meet you Rachel. Rachel: Nice to meet you. Matthew Ashford: Call me. Rachel: Ok (Matthew leaves)Monica: (yelling after him) We will!! Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys! Rachel: Yeah! Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey? Rachel: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler! Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather) (cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Monica: (to Chandler) Is he gonna introduce us?
Monica: (to chandler) Twenty bucks says they're married within the month.
(Rachel enters the room and checks the answering machine)Jane: (from the answering machine) Hi Joey it's Jane Rogers, can't wait for your party tonight. Listen, I forgot your address, can you give me a call? Thanks, bye. Joey: (entering the room) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Joey: What's happenin'? Rachel: Yeah, it's a real shame you can't make it to that one-woman show tonight. Joey: Oh, I'd love to, but I gotta get up so early the next day and so, you know me, work comes first Rachel: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah... (she plays the answering machine) Message: "Hi Joey, it's Jane Rogers can't wait for your party tonight" (Joey's upset and stops it) Joey: (yelling) Stupid Jane Rogers!! Rachel: (angry) You are having a party tonight?? Joey: Kinda have a... a thing for the Days Of Our Life's people. Rachel: And you weren't going to tell us? How did you think you were gonna get away with that? Joey: I do it every year. Rachel: You do that every year?? Joey: I didn't have to tell you that!! I'm stupider than Jane Rogers!! Rachel: Oh, that's why you got these tickets to that play, to get rid of us?? Joey: Yeah... Rachel: And last year is that why you sent us to that medieval times restaurant? Joey: Yeah... Rachel: OH! And the year before that, when you set up that nighttime tour of that button factory? Joey: (Smiling) I can't believe you guys went for that one! Rachel: Joey, why wouldn't you invite us to your parties? Joey: You're fine, ok? But everyone else acts like an idiot around famous people! Rachel: Well, then so you just invite me...! Joey: (speaking aloud) Please, I was trying to be nice, you're the worst one! Rachel: Oh, Joey, come on! Please, please! Let me come, I will behave, I promise! I will behave! Please, please, please... Joey: Ok, ok! Fine! You can come, but don't tell anybody else. It's up on the roof at 8. Rachel: (yelling and jumping like a child) OH, a soap opera roof party!! I'm going to a soap opera roof party!! Oh my God, oh my God!! (realizing how she's behaving) And it's out of my system! [Scene: Ross, Charlie and Professor Spafford are sitting at the table in a restaurant] Professor Spafford: (speaking very slowly) And then my wife and I went on a cruise to the Galapagos. There was a sea food buffet you wouldn't believe. There were clams, and mussels, and oysters, and cracked crab, and snow crab, and king crab. It's a pity I'm allergic to shellfish. Ross: (very bored, he tries to avoid the conversation speaking to Charlie) So, where did you get your undergraduate degree? Professor Spafford: And that's not all I'm allergic to. Ross: (to Charlie) Oh, it's not over! Professor Spafford: I'm also allergic to peanuts, and cashews, and almonds, and filberts... Ross: So basically all nuts? Professor Spafford: Interestingly... no. Charlie: Kinda playing fast and loose with the word "interesting". Professor Spafford: If you'll excuse me I'm going to use the restroom. (he goes away) Charlie: Oh my God!! Ross: I've lost the will to live. Charlie: Let's ditch him! Ross: What? Charlie: Come on, he's still in the bathroom! I'm begging you! Ross: Oh... ok, fine. But... ehm... I just have one question for you, ehm... (aping Professor Spafford) When we exit should we walk, or run, or prance, or stroll... Charlie: Stop it, stop it! He talks slow but he might pee fast! Ok, let's go!! (they run outside) [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] Ross: (entering with Charlie) Oh, hey you guys! This is Charlie! Charlie, this is Phoebe and my sister, Monica. Phoebe: Hi! Ross: Yeah, Charlie is gonna be joining my department. Phoebe: Oh, you're a paleonthologist, too! (pause) Oh, ok, now, what do you think of Ranion's new theory of species' variegation in segmented arthopods? Charlie: Well, I think he's a little out there, but he does have some interesting ideas... Phoebe: Ah, ah. Charlie: (her mobile phone rings) Oh, I'm sorry. I'll take this. Excuse me. (she cuts herself off for a moment) Ross: (to Phoebe) Ranion's theory of species variegation? Phoebe: Yeah, I saw the article on your coffee table and I memorized the title to freak you out! Monica: (to Ross) So, did you two have fun? Ross: Oh my God, she's great! I mean, we-we have so much in common and she's just cool, and funny... Monica: And I don't know if you've noticed but she's a (aloud) HOTTY!! (Charlie looks at her) HI! Rachel: (she enters wearing a bath-robe) Hey... Hi you guys! Listen, you know what? I'm not feeling really well. I think I can't get out for the play. Ross: Really? Wh-what's wrong? Rachel: I don't know! I think it's kind of serious! Oh, you know... I was watching this thing on TV this morning about... Newcastle disease... and I think I might have it!! Charlie: Oh, Newcastle disease is a secretion borne virus that only affects chickens and... other poultry. Rachel: ... Ok, who is this? Ross: I'm sorry, Rachel, this is Charlie Wealer, she's a collegue. Rachel: Oh, hi! I would check your hand but... I'm sure you don't want to get my chicken disease! Monica: Hey, Rachel, Can-can I see you for a sec? Rachel: Sure! (Monica takes her apart) Oh... Monica: You're not sick! Rachel: What? Yes, I am! Monica: Ok, then, why are you... (she opens her robe revealing a nice black dress) all dressed up?? Rachel: When you're sick, you do whatever you can to make yourself feel better! (she closes her robe) Monica: You just wanna stay home so you can make a move on Joey! Rachel: Oh, no, no! I heard you before, that is so not what this is! Monica: Ok, what is this? Rachel: Ok! (whispering) Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof and he sent you guys to the play to get rid of you! Monica: (aloud) WHAT? Ross: (looking at them) Wh-what's going on? Monica: Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof! Rachel: And he didn't want you guys to know about it but I came over here to tell you!! Charlie: I thought you came to say you were sick. Rachel: Ok professor or detective? Phoebe: Joey's having a party and he wasn't gonna invite us? Rachel: Yeah, and he does it every year! That's why he's sending you to that play! That's why he sent us to that medieval restaurant and to that button factory! Phoebe: And that horrible museum tour! Ross: No, I arranged that... (Joey enters, wearing a bathrobe)Joey: (sounds tired) Hey you guys, I'm turning in. Have fun. Phoebe: We know about your party Joey. Joey: What party? Monica: The game's over! Take off your robe! Joey: (looks perplexed and opens up his robe) Ok... I mean... Everyone: No!! Cover it up!! Joey: (to Charlie after covering himself up again) Nice to meet ya! (Charlie waves hesitantly and Joey leaves) [Scene: The Roof] Joey: (To some people) Hey! Hey alright! Hey, glad you could make it (Shakes a man's hand) Thanks for coming. Monica: Oh my God! Kyle Lowder! Kyle Lowder: (to Monica) Hi. (walks on) Monica: (Yells after him) I love you! Joey: Hey, that's why I didn't invite you. you have to calm down, alright... go, go get yourself a drink or something... Monica: Oh yeah that's what you want - my inhibitions lowered. Phoebe: Hey! Monica: (Excited) Oh my God, can you believe we are surrounded by all this? I can barely control myself. Phoebe: Monica, you might want to remember that you are married. Where is Chandler anyway? (Looks around) Monica: (Shocked) Oh my God! Chandler! [Scene: The theater. Chandler is sitting in the otherwise empty front row, looking around nervously] Chandler: Where the hell is everybody? (The lights dim and Chandler tries to get away but as the bitter lady comes on stage and starts yelling he promptly changes his mind and sits down)Bitter lady: (yelling) Why don't you like me?! Chapter One: My first period. [Scene: The Roof, Rachel is talking to a guy who hands her a tissue with something written on it] Monica: (to Rachel) Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love". Rachel: Ok actually Mon, Matthew was just giving me his phone number. Monica: Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married! Matthew Ashford: It was nice to meet you Rachel. Rachel: Nice to meet you. Matthew Ashford: Call me. Rachel: Ok (Matthew leaves)Monica: (yelling after him) We will!! Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys! Rachel: Yeah! Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey? Rachel: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler! Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather) (cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Monica: (to Ross) So, did you two have fun?
Monica: And I don't know if you've noticed but she's a (aloud) HOTTY!! (Charlie looks at her) HI!
Monica: Hey, Rachel, Can-can I see you for a sec?
Monica: You're not sick!
Monica: Ok, then, why are you... (she opens her robe revealing a nice black dress) all dressed up??
Monica: You just wanna stay home so you can make a move on Joey!
Monica: Ok, what is this?
Monica: (aloud) WHAT?
Monica: Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof!
(Joey enters, wearing a bathrobe)Joey: (sounds tired) Hey you guys, I'm turning in. Have fun. Phoebe: We know about your party Joey. Joey: What party? Monica: The game's over! Take off your robe! Joey: (looks perplexed and opens up his robe) Ok... I mean... Everyone: No!! Cover it up!! Joey: (to Charlie after covering himself up again) Nice to meet ya! (Charlie waves hesitantly and Joey leaves) [Scene: The Roof] Joey: (To some people) Hey! Hey alright! Hey, glad you could make it (Shakes a man's hand) Thanks for coming. Monica: Oh my God! Kyle Lowder! Kyle Lowder: (to Monica) Hi. (walks on) Monica: (Yells after him) I love you! Joey: Hey, that's why I didn't invite you. you have to calm down, alright... go, go get yourself a drink or something... Monica: Oh yeah that's what you want - my inhibitions lowered. Phoebe: Hey! Monica: (Excited) Oh my God, can you believe we are surrounded by all this? I can barely control myself. Phoebe: Monica, you might want to remember that you are married. Where is Chandler anyway? (Looks around) Monica: (Shocked) Oh my God! Chandler! [Scene: The theater. Chandler is sitting in the otherwise empty front row, looking around nervously] Chandler: Where the hell is everybody? (The lights dim and Chandler tries to get away but as the bitter lady comes on stage and starts yelling he promptly changes his mind and sits down)Bitter lady: (yelling) Why don't you like me?! Chapter One: My first period. [Scene: The Roof, Rachel is talking to a guy who hands her a tissue with something written on it] Monica: (to Rachel) Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love". Rachel: Ok actually Mon, Matthew was just giving me his phone number. Monica: Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married! Matthew Ashford: It was nice to meet you Rachel. Rachel: Nice to meet you. Matthew Ashford: Call me. Rachel: Ok (Matthew leaves)Monica: (yelling after him) We will!! Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys! Rachel: Yeah! Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey? Rachel: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler! Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather) (cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Monica: The game's over! Take off your robe!
Monica: Oh my God! Kyle Lowder!
Monica: (Yells after him) I love you!
Monica: Oh yeah that's what you want - my inhibitions lowered.
Monica: (Excited) Oh my God, can you believe we are surrounded by all this? I can barely control myself.
Monica: (Shocked) Oh my God! Chandler!
(The lights dim and Chandler tries to get away but as the bitter lady comes on stage and starts yelling he promptly changes his mind and sits down)Bitter lady: (yelling) Why don't you like me?! Chapter One: My first period. [Scene: The Roof, Rachel is talking to a guy who hands her a tissue with something written on it] Monica: (to Rachel) Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love". Rachel: Ok actually Mon, Matthew was just giving me his phone number. Monica: Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married! Matthew Ashford: It was nice to meet you Rachel. Rachel: Nice to meet you. Matthew Ashford: Call me. Rachel: Ok (Matthew leaves)Monica: (yelling after him) We will!! Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys! Rachel: Yeah! Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey? Rachel: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler! Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather) (cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Monica: (to Rachel) Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love".
Monica: Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married!
(Matthew leaves)Monica: (yelling after him) We will!! Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys! Rachel: Yeah! Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey? Rachel: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler! Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather) (cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Monica: (yelling after him) We will!!
Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys!
Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey?
Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather)
(cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so).
Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year!
(Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry.
Monica: You really liked it?
Monica: Oh really!
Monica: No!
Monica: So I got it when I was 13...
(Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Monica: Hey!
Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea.
Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid!
Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them?
Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision.
Monica: And I can't stop you.
(Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful.
Monica: It's so weird, how did Joey end up kissing Charlie last night?    I thought you'd end up kissing Charlie.
Monica: Yes Rachel, why do you care so much?
(Joey and Charlie enter. Ross looks at her)    Ross: Oh, God. I forgot how hot she was! Joey: Hey! All: Hi! Ross: I'm gonna get some more coffee. Charlie: Oh, you know what? I'll come with you! Ross: Ok. (they both go) Chandler: (to Joey) So, a professor, uh? Joey: Yeah! She is cool, and she's so smart! Her mind is totally acrimonious    (which, being Joey, he mispronounces "amonious"). (pause) That's not    how she used it...? Charlie: (talking to Ross) I feel like I owe you an explanation. I don't    ordinarily go around kissing guys at parties. I'm... well, I'm kind of embarrassed.    I really hope you don't think less of me. Ross: Uhm no! Think less of you! No, I don't think less of you. I mean,    you saw someone you liked and you kissed them. I mean, those people who like    someone and don't kiss them... those-those people are stupid, I hate those people. Charlie: You know, actually I'm a little surprised to myself. I mean,    Joey is so different from the guys I usually date. I mean, they're all professors,    and intellectuals, and paleontologists mostly, you    know, very cerebral... Ross: Yeah, I know the type. Joey: Hey, if you wanna grab a bite before work we'd better get acrimonious.    No? Am I getting close? Opening credits [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment] Phoebe: (entering) Hey! Monica: Hey! Phoebe: Hey you guys! Look what I just got. (she shows them a pair of    slippers) Rachel: Oh, OH! Wow, I love those! Where did you get them? Phoebe: I bought them off Ebay! They used to belong to the late Shania    Twain. Rachel: (after a pause) Phoebe, Shania Twain is still alive! Phoebe: Oh... then I overpaid. (she goes to the bathroom) Monica: Hey, what's this? Rachel: Oh, it's a gift certificate to this new SPA in SOHO. Monica: Oh, you can't show Phoebe this! She hates those corporate massage    chains. Rachel: Ah, why, now I can't get a massage? There are so many things    that she disapproves of! I can't eat veal, I can't wear fur, I can't go hunting... Monica: Do you wanna go hunting? Rachel: Well, I would like to have the option!! Phoebe: (coming back from the bathroom) What's up? (she sees the gift    certificate in Rachel's hands) Hey, Rachel!! Rachel: Oh! Phoebe: No, you can't go there! You know how I feel about these "big    massage places"! They're putting people like me out of business! Monica: And she wants to go hunting, too!! Rachel: Phoebe, come on, I don't wanna waste it! It would be like throwing    away a hundred bucks! Phoebe: Ok, this is not about the MONEY, ok? It's about... it's    about corporate greed destroying our hearts and leaving us... the hollow shells. Rachel: I don't care about any of that!! Phoebe: Well, do you care about friendship? Rachel: Oh! Phoebe: I feel really strongly about this, Rachel. Please, don't use    this gift certificate. I'm asking you as a friend. Rachel: Oh, not as a friend, Phoebe!! Fine, I won't use it! Phoebe: Promise? Rachel: I promise. Phoebe: Thank you. (she tears up the gift certificate) Rachel: But I am going hunting!! [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] Monica: (entering) Hey honey! I missed you today! Chandler: Oh, yeah? Monica: Yeah. (they kiss) What d'you wanna do tonight? Chandler: Oh, well... Maybe we could... (he sweeps the stuff off the    table and wordlessly invites Monica to have sex on it) Monica: Ok, trying to turn me on by making a mess? Know your audience!    Besides, tomorrow we're doing those fertility tests and until then you need    to keep your tadpoles in the tank. Chandler: We really need to take those tests? Monica: Honey, we've been trying to have a baby for over a year. I think    it's a good idea to find out if everything's ok. Just a few routine tests. Chandler: But I don't wanna do it in a cup! Monica: What is the big deal? Chandler: It's weird! In a doctor's office? Monica: It's not ok to do it in a doctor's office but it is ok to do    it in a parked car behind a Taco Bell? Chandler: (embarrassed) I cannot believe Ross told you that! (pause)    And in my defense, it was a Wendy's! Monica: Look, I don't wanna do this test either, but I really do think    it's a good idea! Chandler: Yeah, ok. I'm sure that doctor's office can't be worst than    on a class trip to the Hershey's factory! Monica: (really embarrassed) OH! Chandler: Oh, yeah! RACHEL TALKS TOO! [Scene: Joey's apartment] Joey: (sipping red wine from a glass) Who says that wine has to cost    more than milk! (somebody knocks the door, Joey opens and it's Charlie)  Joey: Heeey! Charlie: Hi! Joey: Come on in, how are ya? Charlie: I'm good! Joey: Can I offer you a drink? Charlie: Please, I've been crazed all day! I had a meeting with    the Dean, and my syllabus for summer school is due and I'm writing the Foreword    for a friend's book... Joey: Uh-oh. I hade a pretty hectic day at work too, today I had to    open a door and go (looking scared) ohhhh! Charlie: So I am just so excited to be    here. And I can't wait to start exploring the city! Joey: Hey, if you need a tour guide... (point to himself) Charlie: Oh, you mean it? That would be so fun! Joey: Yeah, definitely, definitely. Ok, what do you wanna see first? Charlie: Oh, well, we can go see the Chronos Quartet at the Avery Fisher    Hall. Joey: (looking puzzled and nodding) Ok! Charlie: And there is a collection of Walt Whitman letters on display    at the public library. Joey: I know, yeah! Charlie: And first, I have to see the MET! Joey: Ok, let me stop you right there. The Mets suck, ok? You wanna    see the Yankees. Charlie: No, no, no, not the Mets, the MET, singular! Joey: Which one, they all suck! Charlie: The museum! Joey: (looking puzzled) I don't think so. [Scene: SPA massage center, Rachel enters] Rachel: (to the receptionist) Hi there! Receptionist: (in an affected tone) Hello, welcome to Lavender Day Spa    SPA. How may I help you? Rachel: Oh, hi. I have a massage appointment under Rachel Green, and    here is my gift certificate. Receptionist: This has been torn up. Rachel: And... taped back together. Receptionist: Ok well, I'll call you as    soon as your massage therapist is ready. Rachel: Ok Receptionist: Have a seat through the glass doors. Rachel: (imitating the receptionist's tone) through the glass doors. Receptionist: Through the glass doors. Rachel: Alright-y then. (Phoebe enters the hall)  Receptionist: Phoebe, your next client's in the waiting room. Phoebe: Ok. Do we have to talk like that then they're not around? (She    sees Rachel) Oh, no, no! Listen, is there someone    who can fill in for me? Receptionist: Sorry, everyone is booked! Phoebe: But that woman can't know I work    here. She's a friend of mine and I made this big stink about how awful this    massage chains are. Receptionist: Then why you work here? Phoebe: 'Cause it's good money! But that doesn't change the fact that    this is an evil blood sucking corporate machine! Receptionist: Well, I think this is a great place to work! Phoebe: (watching around and whispering) Ok, are they listening? [Scene: Central Perk] (Joey walks in and moves towards Ross, who's sitting of the sofa)  Joey: Ross! Ross: Hi! Joey: I need to talk to you about Charlie. Ross: (annoyed) Oh, do you, do you really? Joey: Yeah, I'm... I'm kind of having a little problem. Ross: Look, if you don't know what the word "acrimonious"    means, just don't use it! Joey: No, look, you know Charlie, right? She's cool, she's funny, her    body is soo... Ross: Get to the problem! Joey: Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've    ever dated! Combined! I don't want her to think I'm stupid! Ross: (looking down) Are you wearing two belts? Joey: (checking) EH, what do you know! Ross: You were saying you didn't want to seem stupid. Joey: Right, right, right, well, she wants to go to all this cultural    places and I don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out! Ross: You know, I really don't want to    get involved in you guy's relationship. Joey: Please, c'mon, you're the smartest person I know and I really    like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose her. Ross: (after a short hesitation) Fine. Joey: Thanks. Ross: Ok. Let's see. Oh, you should take her to the MET! Joey: The Metsss! Ross: Oh, no! The MET! The Metropolitan Museum of Art. Joey: (realizing) Oh, that's what she meant! (pause) You know, if they're    gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You know, short for museum,    and avoid all the confusion! Ross: Yeah, most of it it's a place  packed with confused angry    baseball fans! Joey: Ok, all right, so I'll take her to the MET. Ross: Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore    on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves architecture,    you know what you should do? You should take a walk down fifth to the    Saint Patrick's Cathedral and there there's this great little pastry shop that    she'd love. Joey: Geez, sounds like you should be going on this date! Ross: But I'm not! (pause). You know what if you're in the mood for    Thai food... Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go way too    fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET, ok? Ross: Ok. Joey: You got to tell me exactly what to do there. Ross: Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities    wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, up to the Byzantine Empire. Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make    the right (and he bends his arm to the left. Ross then bends Joey's arm to the    right and Joey nods) [Scene: doctor's waiting room] Chandler: I have a weird feeling about this place. (pause) How do I    know that they are not gonna secretly videotape me and put it all over the internet. Monica: Because, honey, I mean this in the sweetest way possible, nobody    is gonna wanna watch that. (a nurse walks in) Nurse: Mr. Bing? (Chandler jumps up) Here you are! You'll go into that    room and deposit your specimen into the container. Chandler: Deposit my specimen? You know,    usually I have to call a  900 number for that kind    of talk. Thanks, got it. Monica: Hey, honey, my test is down the hall, are you sure you're going    to be ok? Chandler: Yeah, I guess! Monica: I know this is embarrassing, but nobody cares! No one here even    knows you! Janice: OH MY GOD!! Chandler: Oh, Come on! Commercial Break Janice: Ah ahahahhahaa! How great is this! Monica: Hey, we're probably fertile, let's go home! Chandler: Why are you here? Janice: Well, Sid and I are trying again and we had trouble last time    because apparently we... Chandler: (to Heaven) No no no... I mean, why? why is    she here?? Janice: Oh! Someone's a little cranky today cuz    they have to do it in a cup! (laughs) Oh! They gave you the kiddy size (looking    at the cup in his hand). Chandler: What!? (Janice does her "Janice Laugh")  Monica: This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!    (leaves) Chandler: I'd love to stay, but I have eh... (points at the cup) got    a hot date... (starts to leave) Janice: Please... go! (Then shouts after him) Just let me know if you    need a hand! Chandler: (disgusted) I think it just fell off. (Leaves) [Scene: At the Spa, Phoebe is at the half-opened door] Phoebe: (In a strange heavy accent) Hello "ja", it's time    for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole. Rachel: Wow, a Swedish massage from a real Swedish person. (Puts her    head in the hole and Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Okay, then I'm Swedish... Monica: So, what's your name? Phoebe: It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea... Rachel: Oh... what an interesting name. Phoebe: Ja! Rachel: You know I... (lifts her head and tries to look in Phoebe's    direction) Phoebe: (pushes her head back down) Time for your scalp massage! Rachel: (Sees Phoebe's slippers through the hole) Wow... I really love    your... (startled as she realizes those are Phoebe's slippers) Phoebe: Is something wrong? Rachel: No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... (pause)    Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden? Phoebe: (Thinks for a few moments) Uhm... Stockholm. Rachel: Damn! I wish I knew if that was right! [Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Ross in the living room,    rehearsing what Joey will say to Charlie in the Museum] Joey: (gesturing at an imaginary painting) Note the painterly    lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors    as his elusive subject was light itself. Ross: Now, do you have any idea what you just said? Joey: (shaking his head as if to say: of course not!) No, no, my mouth    says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks! Ross: Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt    M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out phonetically for you. Joey: Phonetically? (Looks confused) Ross: Yeah, yeah that means... you know? We just... we don't have time    for this. Joey: Ok. Ross: Ok, but you know what? I gotta say,    I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly! Joey: Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days"    I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy". Ross: Wow. What does that mean? Joey: No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I    guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear". Ross: Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance? Joey: Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish    of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! (Reaches out to touch the    imaginary painting). Ross: Nah ah! Nah ah! (stops him form doing so) No no no! No ad-libbing    and dude, you can't touch the paintings. Joey: Come on! you... (reaches out to touch the imaginary painting again) Ross: No! (Slaps his hand) [Scene: The Fertility Clinic; Chandler walks out one of the rooms] Chandler: (To the nurse at the nurses' station) My specimen is in the    room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there.    Really helped speed the process along! (walks towards the common area and sees    Janice is still there) Janice! You're not... gone? Janice: Oh! Sid is still in his room. I don't allow porn at home so    this is like a vacation for him. So did you do it? Did you make your deposit? Chandler: Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over! Janice: That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes    next, I mean aren't you worried about the results? Chandler: I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet...    I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok. Janice: Oh! Well, you know what? It probably is. Chandler: (Slightly panicky) Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there    is a reason why we can't have a baby? Janice: Oh, Chandler, look. You and Monica are meant to have children.    I am sure it's gonna be just fine. Chandler: (smiling again) oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe    I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to...    come here and do... 'that'... Janice: What, you can do it in the parking lot of a Taco Bell, but you    can't do it at a doctor's office? Chandler: (stares at her intently, then yells) It was a "Wendy's!!    " [Scene: Phoebe and Rachel at the Spa. Phoebe is still massaging    Rachel] Phoebe: (Singing) "Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is    the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking! (looks annoyed) Rachel: Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have    a friend who is a masseuse. Phoebe: Oh, Ja! Ja! Rachel: Yah! She's... uhm... not very good though... (Phoebe looks devastated) Phoebe: Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is? Rachel: I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy    fingers from playing crummy guitar... Phoebe: Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're    such a high maintenance tight ass! Rachel: (now lifts her head) Phoebe!! Phoebe: You know it's me? Rachel: For like a half an hour! Man, you can lie about Sweden! Phoebe: How can you come here? Rachel: How could you not tell me you worked here? Phoebe: I don't have to tell you everything! Rachel: Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel guilty for getting    a free massage! Phoebe: Tips not included. Rachel: Oh! Phoebe, why did you lie to me about working here? Phoebe: Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then    they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know...    you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh!    paying taxes! Rachel: Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there    right now and quit! Be true to what you believe in! Honey, you have principles    and I so admire that! I don't have any! Phoebe: You know what? You are right. I am gonna quit. It's time    I took my life back! Rachel: Good for you Pheebs! Phoebe: Ok. Phoebe: Okay (walks out and closes the door behind her, looks up and    whispers) If you guys have microphones in there too, I didn't mean any    of that. I love you. [Scene: Central Perk. Ross is playing some shoot'em up game on    his laptop] Ross: Haha! Got ya! Die, die, die! (Charlie walks in.)  Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor    R. Geller. (hits &lt;return&gt;, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the    sofa) Hey! Charlie: Hi! Ross: Hey, how was the Met? Charlie: The museum was amazing! Ross: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh? Charlie: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to    say, and some of it didn't even make any sense. Ross: What do you mean? Charlie: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere    around. Ross: (perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked    into the Met, did you go to the right? Charlie: No, we went to the left. Ross: (shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like    you guys are having a great time together. Charlie: Yeah, it's fun (hesitating). Ross: What? Charlie: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really    know me that well; it would be weird. Ross: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on. Charlie: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy    to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common    with. You know what I mean? Ross: (slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey    a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about    art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else. Charlie: Yeah, I guess that's true. Ross: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all    that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You    know, that's the kind of guy Joey is. Charlie: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot! Ross: That was going to be my next argument. (Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Hey, what's this?
Monica: Oh, you can't show Phoebe this! She hates those corporate massage    chains.
Monica: Do you wanna go hunting?
Monica: And she wants to go hunting, too!!
Monica: (entering) Hey honey! I missed you today!
Monica: Yeah. (they kiss) What d'you wanna do tonight?
Monica: Ok, trying to turn me on by making a mess? Know your audience!    Besides, tomorrow we're doing those fertility tests and until then you need    to keep your tadpoles in the tank.
Monica: Honey, we've been trying to have a baby for over a year. I think    it's a good idea to find out if everything's ok. Just a few routine tests.
Monica: What is the big deal?
Monica: It's not ok to do it in a doctor's office but it is ok to do    it in a parked car behind a Taco Bell?
Monica: Look, I don't wanna do this test either, but I really do think    it's a good idea!
Monica: (really embarrassed) OH!
(somebody knocks the door, Joey opens and it's Charlie)  Joey: Heeey! Charlie: Hi! Joey: Come on in, how are ya? Charlie: I'm good! Joey: Can I offer you a drink? Charlie: Please, I've been crazed all day! I had a meeting with    the Dean, and my syllabus for summer school is due and I'm writing the Foreword    for a friend's book... Joey: Uh-oh. I hade a pretty hectic day at work too, today I had to    open a door and go (looking scared) ohhhh! Charlie: So I am just so excited to be    here. And I can't wait to start exploring the city! Joey: Hey, if you need a tour guide... (point to himself) Charlie: Oh, you mean it? That would be so fun! Joey: Yeah, definitely, definitely. Ok, what do you wanna see first? Charlie: Oh, well, we can go see the Chronos Quartet at the Avery Fisher    Hall. Joey: (looking puzzled and nodding) Ok! Charlie: And there is a collection of Walt Whitman letters on display    at the public library. Joey: I know, yeah! Charlie: And first, I have to see the MET! Joey: Ok, let me stop you right there. The Mets suck, ok? You wanna    see the Yankees. Charlie: No, no, no, not the Mets, the MET, singular! Joey: Which one, they all suck! Charlie: The museum! Joey: (looking puzzled) I don't think so. [Scene: SPA massage center, Rachel enters] Rachel: (to the receptionist) Hi there! Receptionist: (in an affected tone) Hello, welcome to Lavender Day Spa    SPA. How may I help you? Rachel: Oh, hi. I have a massage appointment under Rachel Green, and    here is my gift certificate. Receptionist: This has been torn up. Rachel: And... taped back together. Receptionist: Ok well, I'll call you as    soon as your massage therapist is ready. Rachel: Ok Receptionist: Have a seat through the glass doors. Rachel: (imitating the receptionist's tone) through the glass doors. Receptionist: Through the glass doors. Rachel: Alright-y then. (Phoebe enters the hall)  Receptionist: Phoebe, your next client's in the waiting room. Phoebe: Ok. Do we have to talk like that then they're not around? (She    sees Rachel) Oh, no, no! Listen, is there someone    who can fill in for me? Receptionist: Sorry, everyone is booked! Phoebe: But that woman can't know I work    here. She's a friend of mine and I made this big stink about how awful this    massage chains are. Receptionist: Then why you work here? Phoebe: 'Cause it's good money! But that doesn't change the fact that    this is an evil blood sucking corporate machine! Receptionist: Well, I think this is a great place to work! Phoebe: (watching around and whispering) Ok, are they listening? [Scene: Central Perk] (Joey walks in and moves towards Ross, who's sitting of the sofa)  Joey: Ross! Ross: Hi! Joey: I need to talk to you about Charlie. Ross: (annoyed) Oh, do you, do you really? Joey: Yeah, I'm... I'm kind of having a little problem. Ross: Look, if you don't know what the word "acrimonious"    means, just don't use it! Joey: No, look, you know Charlie, right? She's cool, she's funny, her    body is soo... Ross: Get to the problem! Joey: Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've    ever dated! Combined! I don't want her to think I'm stupid! Ross: (looking down) Are you wearing two belts? Joey: (checking) EH, what do you know! Ross: You were saying you didn't want to seem stupid. Joey: Right, right, right, well, she wants to go to all this cultural    places and I don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out! Ross: You know, I really don't want to    get involved in you guy's relationship. Joey: Please, c'mon, you're the smartest person I know and I really    like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose her. Ross: (after a short hesitation) Fine. Joey: Thanks. Ross: Ok. Let's see. Oh, you should take her to the MET! Joey: The Metsss! Ross: Oh, no! The MET! The Metropolitan Museum of Art. Joey: (realizing) Oh, that's what she meant! (pause) You know, if they're    gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You know, short for museum,    and avoid all the confusion! Ross: Yeah, most of it it's a place  packed with confused angry    baseball fans! Joey: Ok, all right, so I'll take her to the MET. Ross: Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore    on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves architecture,    you know what you should do? You should take a walk down fifth to the    Saint Patrick's Cathedral and there there's this great little pastry shop that    she'd love. Joey: Geez, sounds like you should be going on this date! Ross: But I'm not! (pause). You know what if you're in the mood for    Thai food... Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go way too    fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET, ok? Ross: Ok. Joey: You got to tell me exactly what to do there. Ross: Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities    wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, up to the Byzantine Empire. Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make    the right (and he bends his arm to the left. Ross then bends Joey's arm to the    right and Joey nods) [Scene: doctor's waiting room] Chandler: I have a weird feeling about this place. (pause) How do I    know that they are not gonna secretly videotape me and put it all over the internet. Monica: Because, honey, I mean this in the sweetest way possible, nobody    is gonna wanna watch that. (a nurse walks in) Nurse: Mr. Bing? (Chandler jumps up) Here you are! You'll go into that    room and deposit your specimen into the container. Chandler: Deposit my specimen? You know,    usually I have to call a  900 number for that kind    of talk. Thanks, got it. Monica: Hey, honey, my test is down the hall, are you sure you're going    to be ok? Chandler: Yeah, I guess! Monica: I know this is embarrassing, but nobody cares! No one here even    knows you! Janice: OH MY GOD!! Chandler: Oh, Come on! Commercial Break Janice: Ah ahahahhahaa! How great is this! Monica: Hey, we're probably fertile, let's go home! Chandler: Why are you here? Janice: Well, Sid and I are trying again and we had trouble last time    because apparently we... Chandler: (to Heaven) No no no... I mean, why? why is    she here?? Janice: Oh! Someone's a little cranky today cuz    they have to do it in a cup! (laughs) Oh! They gave you the kiddy size (looking    at the cup in his hand). Chandler: What!? (Janice does her "Janice Laugh")  Monica: This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!    (leaves) Chandler: I'd love to stay, but I have eh... (points at the cup) got    a hot date... (starts to leave) Janice: Please... go! (Then shouts after him) Just let me know if you    need a hand! Chandler: (disgusted) I think it just fell off. (Leaves) [Scene: At the Spa, Phoebe is at the half-opened door] Phoebe: (In a strange heavy accent) Hello "ja", it's time    for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole. Rachel: Wow, a Swedish massage from a real Swedish person. (Puts her    head in the hole and Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Okay, then I'm Swedish... Monica: So, what's your name? Phoebe: It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea... Rachel: Oh... what an interesting name. Phoebe: Ja! Rachel: You know I... (lifts her head and tries to look in Phoebe's    direction) Phoebe: (pushes her head back down) Time for your scalp massage! Rachel: (Sees Phoebe's slippers through the hole) Wow... I really love    your... (startled as she realizes those are Phoebe's slippers) Phoebe: Is something wrong? Rachel: No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... (pause)    Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden? Phoebe: (Thinks for a few moments) Uhm... Stockholm. Rachel: Damn! I wish I knew if that was right! [Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Ross in the living room,    rehearsing what Joey will say to Charlie in the Museum] Joey: (gesturing at an imaginary painting) Note the painterly    lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors    as his elusive subject was light itself. Ross: Now, do you have any idea what you just said? Joey: (shaking his head as if to say: of course not!) No, no, my mouth    says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks! Ross: Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt    M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out phonetically for you. Joey: Phonetically? (Looks confused) Ross: Yeah, yeah that means... you know? We just... we don't have time    for this. Joey: Ok. Ross: Ok, but you know what? I gotta say,    I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly! Joey: Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days"    I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy". Ross: Wow. What does that mean? Joey: No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I    guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear". Ross: Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance? Joey: Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish    of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! (Reaches out to touch the    imaginary painting). Ross: Nah ah! Nah ah! (stops him form doing so) No no no! No ad-libbing    and dude, you can't touch the paintings. Joey: Come on! you... (reaches out to touch the imaginary painting again) Ross: No! (Slaps his hand) [Scene: The Fertility Clinic; Chandler walks out one of the rooms] Chandler: (To the nurse at the nurses' station) My specimen is in the    room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there.    Really helped speed the process along! (walks towards the common area and sees    Janice is still there) Janice! You're not... gone? Janice: Oh! Sid is still in his room. I don't allow porn at home so    this is like a vacation for him. So did you do it? Did you make your deposit? Chandler: Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over! Janice: That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes    next, I mean aren't you worried about the results? Chandler: I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet...    I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok. Janice: Oh! Well, you know what? It probably is. Chandler: (Slightly panicky) Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there    is a reason why we can't have a baby? Janice: Oh, Chandler, look. You and Monica are meant to have children.    I am sure it's gonna be just fine. Chandler: (smiling again) oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe    I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to...    come here and do... 'that'... Janice: What, you can do it in the parking lot of a Taco Bell, but you    can't do it at a doctor's office? Chandler: (stares at her intently, then yells) It was a "Wendy's!!    " [Scene: Phoebe and Rachel at the Spa. Phoebe is still massaging    Rachel] Phoebe: (Singing) "Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is    the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking! (looks annoyed) Rachel: Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have    a friend who is a masseuse. Phoebe: Oh, Ja! Ja! Rachel: Yah! She's... uhm... not very good though... (Phoebe looks devastated) Phoebe: Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is? Rachel: I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy    fingers from playing crummy guitar... Phoebe: Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're    such a high maintenance tight ass! Rachel: (now lifts her head) Phoebe!! Phoebe: You know it's me? Rachel: For like a half an hour! Man, you can lie about Sweden! Phoebe: How can you come here? Rachel: How could you not tell me you worked here? Phoebe: I don't have to tell you everything! Rachel: Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel guilty for getting    a free massage! Phoebe: Tips not included. Rachel: Oh! Phoebe, why did you lie to me about working here? Phoebe: Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then    they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know...    you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh!    paying taxes! Rachel: Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there    right now and quit! Be true to what you believe in! Honey, you have principles    and I so admire that! I don't have any! Phoebe: You know what? You are right. I am gonna quit. It's time    I took my life back! Rachel: Good for you Pheebs! Phoebe: Ok. Phoebe: Okay (walks out and closes the door behind her, looks up and    whispers) If you guys have microphones in there too, I didn't mean any    of that. I love you. [Scene: Central Perk. Ross is playing some shoot'em up game on    his laptop] Ross: Haha! Got ya! Die, die, die! (Charlie walks in.)  Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor    R. Geller. (hits &lt;return&gt;, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the    sofa) Hey! Charlie: Hi! Ross: Hey, how was the Met? Charlie: The museum was amazing! Ross: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh? Charlie: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to    say, and some of it didn't even make any sense. Ross: What do you mean? Charlie: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere    around. Ross: (perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked    into the Met, did you go to the right? Charlie: No, we went to the left. Ross: (shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like    you guys are having a great time together. Charlie: Yeah, it's fun (hesitating). Ross: What? Charlie: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really    know me that well; it would be weird. Ross: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on. Charlie: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy    to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common    with. You know what I mean? Ross: (slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey    a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about    art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else. Charlie: Yeah, I guess that's true. Ross: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all    that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You    know, that's the kind of guy Joey is. Charlie: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot! Ross: That was going to be my next argument. (Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
(Phoebe enters the hall)  Receptionist: Phoebe, your next client's in the waiting room. Phoebe: Ok. Do we have to talk like that then they're not around? (She    sees Rachel) Oh, no, no! Listen, is there someone    who can fill in for me? Receptionist: Sorry, everyone is booked! Phoebe: But that woman can't know I work    here. She's a friend of mine and I made this big stink about how awful this    massage chains are. Receptionist: Then why you work here? Phoebe: 'Cause it's good money! But that doesn't change the fact that    this is an evil blood sucking corporate machine! Receptionist: Well, I think this is a great place to work! Phoebe: (watching around and whispering) Ok, are they listening? [Scene: Central Perk] (Joey walks in and moves towards Ross, who's sitting of the sofa)  Joey: Ross! Ross: Hi! Joey: I need to talk to you about Charlie. Ross: (annoyed) Oh, do you, do you really? Joey: Yeah, I'm... I'm kind of having a little problem. Ross: Look, if you don't know what the word "acrimonious"    means, just don't use it! Joey: No, look, you know Charlie, right? She's cool, she's funny, her    body is soo... Ross: Get to the problem! Joey: Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've    ever dated! Combined! I don't want her to think I'm stupid! Ross: (looking down) Are you wearing two belts? Joey: (checking) EH, what do you know! Ross: You were saying you didn't want to seem stupid. Joey: Right, right, right, well, she wants to go to all this cultural    places and I don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out! Ross: You know, I really don't want to    get involved in you guy's relationship. Joey: Please, c'mon, you're the smartest person I know and I really    like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose her. Ross: (after a short hesitation) Fine. Joey: Thanks. Ross: Ok. Let's see. Oh, you should take her to the MET! Joey: The Metsss! Ross: Oh, no! The MET! The Metropolitan Museum of Art. Joey: (realizing) Oh, that's what she meant! (pause) You know, if they're    gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You know, short for museum,    and avoid all the confusion! Ross: Yeah, most of it it's a place  packed with confused angry    baseball fans! Joey: Ok, all right, so I'll take her to the MET. Ross: Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore    on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves architecture,    you know what you should do? You should take a walk down fifth to the    Saint Patrick's Cathedral and there there's this great little pastry shop that    she'd love. Joey: Geez, sounds like you should be going on this date! Ross: But I'm not! (pause). You know what if you're in the mood for    Thai food... Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go way too    fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET, ok? Ross: Ok. Joey: You got to tell me exactly what to do there. Ross: Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities    wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, up to the Byzantine Empire. Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make    the right (and he bends his arm to the left. Ross then bends Joey's arm to the    right and Joey nods) [Scene: doctor's waiting room] Chandler: I have a weird feeling about this place. (pause) How do I    know that they are not gonna secretly videotape me and put it all over the internet. Monica: Because, honey, I mean this in the sweetest way possible, nobody    is gonna wanna watch that. (a nurse walks in) Nurse: Mr. Bing? (Chandler jumps up) Here you are! You'll go into that    room and deposit your specimen into the container. Chandler: Deposit my specimen? You know,    usually I have to call a  900 number for that kind    of talk. Thanks, got it. Monica: Hey, honey, my test is down the hall, are you sure you're going    to be ok? Chandler: Yeah, I guess! Monica: I know this is embarrassing, but nobody cares! No one here even    knows you! Janice: OH MY GOD!! Chandler: Oh, Come on! Commercial Break Janice: Ah ahahahhahaa! How great is this! Monica: Hey, we're probably fertile, let's go home! Chandler: Why are you here? Janice: Well, Sid and I are trying again and we had trouble last time    because apparently we... Chandler: (to Heaven) No no no... I mean, why? why is    she here?? Janice: Oh! Someone's a little cranky today cuz    they have to do it in a cup! (laughs) Oh! They gave you the kiddy size (looking    at the cup in his hand). Chandler: What!? (Janice does her "Janice Laugh")  Monica: This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!    (leaves) Chandler: I'd love to stay, but I have eh... (points at the cup) got    a hot date... (starts to leave) Janice: Please... go! (Then shouts after him) Just let me know if you    need a hand! Chandler: (disgusted) I think it just fell off. (Leaves) [Scene: At the Spa, Phoebe is at the half-opened door] Phoebe: (In a strange heavy accent) Hello "ja", it's time    for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole. Rachel: Wow, a Swedish massage from a real Swedish person. (Puts her    head in the hole and Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Okay, then I'm Swedish... Monica: So, what's your name? Phoebe: It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea... Rachel: Oh... what an interesting name. Phoebe: Ja! Rachel: You know I... (lifts her head and tries to look in Phoebe's    direction) Phoebe: (pushes her head back down) Time for your scalp massage! Rachel: (Sees Phoebe's slippers through the hole) Wow... I really love    your... (startled as she realizes those are Phoebe's slippers) Phoebe: Is something wrong? Rachel: No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... (pause)    Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden? Phoebe: (Thinks for a few moments) Uhm... Stockholm. Rachel: Damn! I wish I knew if that was right! [Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Ross in the living room,    rehearsing what Joey will say to Charlie in the Museum] Joey: (gesturing at an imaginary painting) Note the painterly    lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors    as his elusive subject was light itself. Ross: Now, do you have any idea what you just said? Joey: (shaking his head as if to say: of course not!) No, no, my mouth    says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks! Ross: Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt    M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out phonetically for you. Joey: Phonetically? (Looks confused) Ross: Yeah, yeah that means... you know? We just... we don't have time    for this. Joey: Ok. Ross: Ok, but you know what? I gotta say,    I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly! Joey: Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days"    I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy". Ross: Wow. What does that mean? Joey: No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I    guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear". Ross: Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance? Joey: Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish    of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! (Reaches out to touch the    imaginary painting). Ross: Nah ah! Nah ah! (stops him form doing so) No no no! No ad-libbing    and dude, you can't touch the paintings. Joey: Come on! you... (reaches out to touch the imaginary painting again) Ross: No! (Slaps his hand) [Scene: The Fertility Clinic; Chandler walks out one of the rooms] Chandler: (To the nurse at the nurses' station) My specimen is in the    room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there.    Really helped speed the process along! (walks towards the common area and sees    Janice is still there) Janice! You're not... gone? Janice: Oh! Sid is still in his room. I don't allow porn at home so    this is like a vacation for him. So did you do it? Did you make your deposit? Chandler: Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over! Janice: That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes    next, I mean aren't you worried about the results? Chandler: I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet...    I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok. Janice: Oh! Well, you know what? It probably is. Chandler: (Slightly panicky) Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there    is a reason why we can't have a baby? Janice: Oh, Chandler, look. You and Monica are meant to have children.    I am sure it's gonna be just fine. Chandler: (smiling again) oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe    I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to...    come here and do... 'that'... Janice: What, you can do it in the parking lot of a Taco Bell, but you    can't do it at a doctor's office? Chandler: (stares at her intently, then yells) It was a "Wendy's!!    " [Scene: Phoebe and Rachel at the Spa. Phoebe is still massaging    Rachel] Phoebe: (Singing) "Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is    the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking! (looks annoyed) Rachel: Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have    a friend who is a masseuse. Phoebe: Oh, Ja! Ja! Rachel: Yah! She's... uhm... not very good though... (Phoebe looks devastated) Phoebe: Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is? Rachel: I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy    fingers from playing crummy guitar... Phoebe: Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're    such a high maintenance tight ass! Rachel: (now lifts her head) Phoebe!! Phoebe: You know it's me? Rachel: For like a half an hour! Man, you can lie about Sweden! Phoebe: How can you come here? Rachel: How could you not tell me you worked here? Phoebe: I don't have to tell you everything! Rachel: Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel guilty for getting    a free massage! Phoebe: Tips not included. Rachel: Oh! Phoebe, why did you lie to me about working here? Phoebe: Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then    they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know...    you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh!    paying taxes! Rachel: Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there    right now and quit! Be true to what you believe in! Honey, you have principles    and I so admire that! I don't have any! Phoebe: You know what? You are right. I am gonna quit. It's time    I took my life back! Rachel: Good for you Pheebs! Phoebe: Ok. Phoebe: Okay (walks out and closes the door behind her, looks up and    whispers) If you guys have microphones in there too, I didn't mean any    of that. I love you. [Scene: Central Perk. Ross is playing some shoot'em up game on    his laptop] Ross: Haha! Got ya! Die, die, die! (Charlie walks in.)  Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor    R. Geller. (hits &lt;return&gt;, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the    sofa) Hey! Charlie: Hi! Ross: Hey, how was the Met? Charlie: The museum was amazing! Ross: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh? Charlie: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to    say, and some of it didn't even make any sense. Ross: What do you mean? Charlie: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere    around. Ross: (perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked    into the Met, did you go to the right? Charlie: No, we went to the left. Ross: (shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like    you guys are having a great time together. Charlie: Yeah, it's fun (hesitating). Ross: What? Charlie: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really    know me that well; it would be weird. Ross: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on. Charlie: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy    to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common    with. You know what I mean? Ross: (slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey    a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about    art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else. Charlie: Yeah, I guess that's true. Ross: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all    that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You    know, that's the kind of guy Joey is. Charlie: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot! Ross: That was going to be my next argument. (Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
(Joey walks in and moves towards Ross, who's sitting of the sofa)  Joey: Ross! Ross: Hi! Joey: I need to talk to you about Charlie. Ross: (annoyed) Oh, do you, do you really? Joey: Yeah, I'm... I'm kind of having a little problem. Ross: Look, if you don't know what the word "acrimonious"    means, just don't use it! Joey: No, look, you know Charlie, right? She's cool, she's funny, her    body is soo... Ross: Get to the problem! Joey: Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've    ever dated! Combined! I don't want her to think I'm stupid! Ross: (looking down) Are you wearing two belts? Joey: (checking) EH, what do you know! Ross: You were saying you didn't want to seem stupid. Joey: Right, right, right, well, she wants to go to all this cultural    places and I don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out! Ross: You know, I really don't want to    get involved in you guy's relationship. Joey: Please, c'mon, you're the smartest person I know and I really    like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose her. Ross: (after a short hesitation) Fine. Joey: Thanks. Ross: Ok. Let's see. Oh, you should take her to the MET! Joey: The Metsss! Ross: Oh, no! The MET! The Metropolitan Museum of Art. Joey: (realizing) Oh, that's what she meant! (pause) You know, if they're    gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You know, short for museum,    and avoid all the confusion! Ross: Yeah, most of it it's a place  packed with confused angry    baseball fans! Joey: Ok, all right, so I'll take her to the MET. Ross: Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore    on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves architecture,    you know what you should do? You should take a walk down fifth to the    Saint Patrick's Cathedral and there there's this great little pastry shop that    she'd love. Joey: Geez, sounds like you should be going on this date! Ross: But I'm not! (pause). You know what if you're in the mood for    Thai food... Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go way too    fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET, ok? Ross: Ok. Joey: You got to tell me exactly what to do there. Ross: Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities    wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, up to the Byzantine Empire. Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make    the right (and he bends his arm to the left. Ross then bends Joey's arm to the    right and Joey nods) [Scene: doctor's waiting room] Chandler: I have a weird feeling about this place. (pause) How do I    know that they are not gonna secretly videotape me and put it all over the internet. Monica: Because, honey, I mean this in the sweetest way possible, nobody    is gonna wanna watch that. (a nurse walks in) Nurse: Mr. Bing? (Chandler jumps up) Here you are! You'll go into that    room and deposit your specimen into the container. Chandler: Deposit my specimen? You know,    usually I have to call a  900 number for that kind    of talk. Thanks, got it. Monica: Hey, honey, my test is down the hall, are you sure you're going    to be ok? Chandler: Yeah, I guess! Monica: I know this is embarrassing, but nobody cares! No one here even    knows you! Janice: OH MY GOD!! Chandler: Oh, Come on! Commercial Break Janice: Ah ahahahhahaa! How great is this! Monica: Hey, we're probably fertile, let's go home! Chandler: Why are you here? Janice: Well, Sid and I are trying again and we had trouble last time    because apparently we... Chandler: (to Heaven) No no no... I mean, why? why is    she here?? Janice: Oh! Someone's a little cranky today cuz    they have to do it in a cup! (laughs) Oh! They gave you the kiddy size (looking    at the cup in his hand). Chandler: What!? (Janice does her "Janice Laugh")  Monica: This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!    (leaves) Chandler: I'd love to stay, but I have eh... (points at the cup) got    a hot date... (starts to leave) Janice: Please... go! (Then shouts after him) Just let me know if you    need a hand! Chandler: (disgusted) I think it just fell off. (Leaves) [Scene: At the Spa, Phoebe is at the half-opened door] Phoebe: (In a strange heavy accent) Hello "ja", it's time    for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole. Rachel: Wow, a Swedish massage from a real Swedish person. (Puts her    head in the hole and Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Okay, then I'm Swedish... Monica: So, what's your name? Phoebe: It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea... Rachel: Oh... what an interesting name. Phoebe: Ja! Rachel: You know I... (lifts her head and tries to look in Phoebe's    direction) Phoebe: (pushes her head back down) Time for your scalp massage! Rachel: (Sees Phoebe's slippers through the hole) Wow... I really love    your... (startled as she realizes those are Phoebe's slippers) Phoebe: Is something wrong? Rachel: No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... (pause)    Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden? Phoebe: (Thinks for a few moments) Uhm... Stockholm. Rachel: Damn! I wish I knew if that was right! [Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Ross in the living room,    rehearsing what Joey will say to Charlie in the Museum] Joey: (gesturing at an imaginary painting) Note the painterly    lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors    as his elusive subject was light itself. Ross: Now, do you have any idea what you just said? Joey: (shaking his head as if to say: of course not!) No, no, my mouth    says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks! Ross: Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt    M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out phonetically for you. Joey: Phonetically? (Looks confused) Ross: Yeah, yeah that means... you know? We just... we don't have time    for this. Joey: Ok. Ross: Ok, but you know what? I gotta say,    I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly! Joey: Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days"    I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy". Ross: Wow. What does that mean? Joey: No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I    guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear". Ross: Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance? Joey: Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish    of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! (Reaches out to touch the    imaginary painting). Ross: Nah ah! Nah ah! (stops him form doing so) No no no! No ad-libbing    and dude, you can't touch the paintings. Joey: Come on! you... (reaches out to touch the imaginary painting again) Ross: No! (Slaps his hand) [Scene: The Fertility Clinic; Chandler walks out one of the rooms] Chandler: (To the nurse at the nurses' station) My specimen is in the    room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there.    Really helped speed the process along! (walks towards the common area and sees    Janice is still there) Janice! You're not... gone? Janice: Oh! Sid is still in his room. I don't allow porn at home so    this is like a vacation for him. So did you do it? Did you make your deposit? Chandler: Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over! Janice: That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes    next, I mean aren't you worried about the results? Chandler: I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet...    I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok. Janice: Oh! Well, you know what? It probably is. Chandler: (Slightly panicky) Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there    is a reason why we can't have a baby? Janice: Oh, Chandler, look. You and Monica are meant to have children.    I am sure it's gonna be just fine. Chandler: (smiling again) oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe    I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to...    come here and do... 'that'... Janice: What, you can do it in the parking lot of a Taco Bell, but you    can't do it at a doctor's office? Chandler: (stares at her intently, then yells) It was a "Wendy's!!    " [Scene: Phoebe and Rachel at the Spa. Phoebe is still massaging    Rachel] Phoebe: (Singing) "Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is    the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking! (looks annoyed) Rachel: Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have    a friend who is a masseuse. Phoebe: Oh, Ja! Ja! Rachel: Yah! She's... uhm... not very good though... (Phoebe looks devastated) Phoebe: Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is? Rachel: I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy    fingers from playing crummy guitar... Phoebe: Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're    such a high maintenance tight ass! Rachel: (now lifts her head) Phoebe!! Phoebe: You know it's me? Rachel: For like a half an hour! Man, you can lie about Sweden! Phoebe: How can you come here? Rachel: How could you not tell me you worked here? Phoebe: I don't have to tell you everything! Rachel: Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel guilty for getting    a free massage! Phoebe: Tips not included. Rachel: Oh! Phoebe, why did you lie to me about working here? Phoebe: Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then    they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know...    you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh!    paying taxes! Rachel: Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there    right now and quit! Be true to what you believe in! Honey, you have principles    and I so admire that! I don't have any! Phoebe: You know what? You are right. I am gonna quit. It's time    I took my life back! Rachel: Good for you Pheebs! Phoebe: Ok. Phoebe: Okay (walks out and closes the door behind her, looks up and    whispers) If you guys have microphones in there too, I didn't mean any    of that. I love you. [Scene: Central Perk. Ross is playing some shoot'em up game on    his laptop] Ross: Haha! Got ya! Die, die, die! (Charlie walks in.)  Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor    R. Geller. (hits &lt;return&gt;, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the    sofa) Hey! Charlie: Hi! Ross: Hey, how was the Met? Charlie: The museum was amazing! Ross: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh? Charlie: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to    say, and some of it didn't even make any sense. Ross: What do you mean? Charlie: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere    around. Ross: (perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked    into the Met, did you go to the right? Charlie: No, we went to the left. Ross: (shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like    you guys are having a great time together. Charlie: Yeah, it's fun (hesitating). Ross: What? Charlie: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really    know me that well; it would be weird. Ross: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on. Charlie: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy    to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common    with. You know what I mean? Ross: (slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey    a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about    art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else. Charlie: Yeah, I guess that's true. Ross: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all    that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You    know, that's the kind of guy Joey is. Charlie: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot! Ross: That was going to be my next argument. (Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
Monica: Because, honey, I mean this in the sweetest way possible, nobody    is gonna wanna watch that.
Monica: Hey, honey, my test is down the hall, are you sure you're going    to be ok?
Monica: I know this is embarrassing, but nobody cares! No one here even    knows you!
Monica: Hey, we're probably fertile, let's go home!
(Janice does her "Janice Laugh")  Monica: This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!    (leaves) Chandler: I'd love to stay, but I have eh... (points at the cup) got    a hot date... (starts to leave) Janice: Please... go! (Then shouts after him) Just let me know if you    need a hand! Chandler: (disgusted) I think it just fell off. (Leaves) [Scene: At the Spa, Phoebe is at the half-opened door] Phoebe: (In a strange heavy accent) Hello "ja", it's time    for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole. Rachel: Wow, a Swedish massage from a real Swedish person. (Puts her    head in the hole and Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Okay, then I'm Swedish... Monica: So, what's your name? Phoebe: It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea... Rachel: Oh... what an interesting name. Phoebe: Ja! Rachel: You know I... (lifts her head and tries to look in Phoebe's    direction) Phoebe: (pushes her head back down) Time for your scalp massage! Rachel: (Sees Phoebe's slippers through the hole) Wow... I really love    your... (startled as she realizes those are Phoebe's slippers) Phoebe: Is something wrong? Rachel: No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... (pause)    Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden? Phoebe: (Thinks for a few moments) Uhm... Stockholm. Rachel: Damn! I wish I knew if that was right! [Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Ross in the living room,    rehearsing what Joey will say to Charlie in the Museum] Joey: (gesturing at an imaginary painting) Note the painterly    lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors    as his elusive subject was light itself. Ross: Now, do you have any idea what you just said? Joey: (shaking his head as if to say: of course not!) No, no, my mouth    says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks! Ross: Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt    M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out phonetically for you. Joey: Phonetically? (Looks confused) Ross: Yeah, yeah that means... you know? We just... we don't have time    for this. Joey: Ok. Ross: Ok, but you know what? I gotta say,    I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly! Joey: Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days"    I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy". Ross: Wow. What does that mean? Joey: No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I    guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear". Ross: Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance? Joey: Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish    of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! (Reaches out to touch the    imaginary painting). Ross: Nah ah! Nah ah! (stops him form doing so) No no no! No ad-libbing    and dude, you can't touch the paintings. Joey: Come on! you... (reaches out to touch the imaginary painting again) Ross: No! (Slaps his hand) [Scene: The Fertility Clinic; Chandler walks out one of the rooms] Chandler: (To the nurse at the nurses' station) My specimen is in the    room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there.    Really helped speed the process along! (walks towards the common area and sees    Janice is still there) Janice! You're not... gone? Janice: Oh! Sid is still in his room. I don't allow porn at home so    this is like a vacation for him. So did you do it? Did you make your deposit? Chandler: Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over! Janice: That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes    next, I mean aren't you worried about the results? Chandler: I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet...    I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok. Janice: Oh! Well, you know what? It probably is. Chandler: (Slightly panicky) Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there    is a reason why we can't have a baby? Janice: Oh, Chandler, look. You and Monica are meant to have children.    I am sure it's gonna be just fine. Chandler: (smiling again) oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe    I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to...    come here and do... 'that'... Janice: What, you can do it in the parking lot of a Taco Bell, but you    can't do it at a doctor's office? Chandler: (stares at her intently, then yells) It was a "Wendy's!!    " [Scene: Phoebe and Rachel at the Spa. Phoebe is still massaging    Rachel] Phoebe: (Singing) "Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is    the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking! (looks annoyed) Rachel: Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have    a friend who is a masseuse. Phoebe: Oh, Ja! Ja! Rachel: Yah! She's... uhm... not very good though... (Phoebe looks devastated) Phoebe: Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is? Rachel: I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy    fingers from playing crummy guitar... Phoebe: Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're    such a high maintenance tight ass! Rachel: (now lifts her head) Phoebe!! Phoebe: You know it's me? Rachel: For like a half an hour! Man, you can lie about Sweden! Phoebe: How can you come here? Rachel: How could you not tell me you worked here? Phoebe: I don't have to tell you everything! Rachel: Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel guilty for getting    a free massage! Phoebe: Tips not included. Rachel: Oh! Phoebe, why did you lie to me about working here? Phoebe: Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then    they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know...    you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh!    paying taxes! Rachel: Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there    right now and quit! Be true to what you believe in! Honey, you have principles    and I so admire that! I don't have any! Phoebe: You know what? You are right. I am gonna quit. It's time    I took my life back! Rachel: Good for you Pheebs! Phoebe: Ok. Phoebe: Okay (walks out and closes the door behind her, looks up and    whispers) If you guys have microphones in there too, I didn't mean any    of that. I love you. [Scene: Central Perk. Ross is playing some shoot'em up game on    his laptop] Ross: Haha! Got ya! Die, die, die! (Charlie walks in.)  Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor    R. Geller. (hits &lt;return&gt;, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the    sofa) Hey! Charlie: Hi! Ross: Hey, how was the Met? Charlie: The museum was amazing! Ross: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh? Charlie: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to    say, and some of it didn't even make any sense. Ross: What do you mean? Charlie: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere    around. Ross: (perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked    into the Met, did you go to the right? Charlie: No, we went to the left. Ross: (shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like    you guys are having a great time together. Charlie: Yeah, it's fun (hesitating). Ross: What? Charlie: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really    know me that well; it would be weird. Ross: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on. Charlie: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy    to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common    with. You know what I mean? Ross: (slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey    a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about    art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else. Charlie: Yeah, I guess that's true. Ross: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all    that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You    know, that's the kind of guy Joey is. Charlie: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot! Ross: That was going to be my next argument. (Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
Monica: This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!    (leaves)
Monica: So, what's your name?
(Charlie walks in.)  Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor    R. Geller. (hits &lt;return&gt;, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the    sofa) Hey! Charlie: Hi! Ross: Hey, how was the Met? Charlie: The museum was amazing! Ross: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh? Charlie: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to    say, and some of it didn't even make any sense. Ross: What do you mean? Charlie: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere    around. Ross: (perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked    into the Met, did you go to the right? Charlie: No, we went to the left. Ross: (shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like    you guys are having a great time together. Charlie: Yeah, it's fun (hesitating). Ross: What? Charlie: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really    know me that well; it would be weird. Ross: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on. Charlie: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy    to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common    with. You know what I mean? Ross: (slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey    a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about    art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else. Charlie: Yeah, I guess that's true. Ross: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all    that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You    know, that's the kind of guy Joey is. Charlie: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot! Ross: That was going to be my next argument. (Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
(Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
(phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
(Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
Monica: Hey sweetie.
Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you?
Monica: What?
Monica: Oh... what does that mean?
Monica: Chandler?
Monica: (weeping) Oh my God!
Monica: I'm sorry too.
Monica: (still weeping) I know.
Monica: Oh, I so can't believe this! My uterus is an inhospitable environment? I was trying so hard to be a good hostess!
Monica: Hi.
Monica: Ok.
Monica: Don't worry, after a while he'll tune it out.
Monica: (long pause) Ok.
Monica: Hi honey!
Monica: Oh, of course, it's so nice to see you again, Zack!
Monica: I got it.
Monica: Yeah, I guess.
Monica: (turns around and she's quite shocked) Excuse me?
Monica: Chandler, this is crazy! What did you even say to him! "Come up, meet my wife! Give us your sperm"!
Monica: Chandler!
Monica: I'm not going to be a part of this! You can't just bring some random guy at home and expect him to be our sperm donor!
Monica: Uh!
Monica: Tell me about yourself, Zack!
Monica: Hey guys! Dinner's ready!
Monica: Ok, there's enthusiastic and there's just plain gay!!
Monica: I think he is fine! It's just that we don't know anything real about him... we should get more information.
Monica: Oh, friends first, drunk in London, you know the story. I've got a better question for you: Do you or any of your blood relatives have diabetes?
Monica: Eh... Heart Disease, Alzheimers, gout?
Monica: We're just making conversation. (Chandler makes an agreeing-sound)
Monica: Yess!! (M &amp; C high-five and Zack looks confused again)
Monica: Does seem pretty perfect.
Monica: (pause) No.
Monica: No, that's not it. It's just that when we were asking him all those questions before, I just... I just realized I don't care if he's the most perfect guy in the world... he's not you.
Monica: No, he's not. And if I can't get pregnant with you, then I don't want to get pregnant by... him or anyone else.
Monica: Yeah, I'm sure.
Monica: That is so sweet. I love you. (they kiss)
Monica: Adoption.
Monica: I think I feel ok about it. Actually I think I feel really good about it.
Monica: So this is it, we're really gonna adopt?
Monica: (excitedly) Oh my God, we're gonna be parents!
Monica: And it could be soon. I mean, think about it: right now, somewhere out there (they go look through the window) our baby could be being conceived.
Monica: David, can you help me?! I'm trying to explain to Chandler how a plane stays in the air.
Monica: (to Chandler) See?
Monica: Alright, I'm gonna go pick up a few things for the trip.
Monica: (pinching her) Let's get you out of here!! (they go outside)
Monica: At least you took me down with you!
Monica: I guess, in time.
Monica: I mean, my feelings for Richard are certainly gone.
Monica: Wow! That Mike thing was interesting! I don't know what's gonna happen with Phoebe and David.
Monica: Ok, I'm sensing that this is some kind of word play, because you are pink with barely controlled glee.
Monica: What? (looks very shocked) Why?
Monica: Chandler, we have talked about this. You are not supposed to give people advice! Now couldn't you just have made some sort of inappropriate joke?
Monica: They've only been going out for a few weeks and Phoebe is completely hung up on Mike! She'll say "No", David's heart will be broken, it will be too hard for them to recover from and then Phoebe will end up alone again.
Monica: Ok! When I go places with high humidity, it gets a little extra body, ok?!
Monica: (to Chandler) Oh, honey, can you make sure we get a King size bed!
Monica: (shouts to Chandler) And make sure our room isn't next to theirs (points to Phoebe).
Monica: Yeah, right!
Monica: Ok!
Monica: See what happens when you give people advice? I hope you told him not to?
Monica: Ok fine. I'll handle this. (goes to Phoebe who's talking to Rachel) Phoebe?
Monica: (looking very serious) I need to talk to you.
Monica: What are you serious? You wanna marry him? Wha... What about Mike?
Monica: Do you really think marrying someone else is the right answer?
Monica: Ok, Mike, enough is enough, now you love Phoebe and she loves you, so you need to get over your whole "I never want to get married" thing and step up!
Monica: This is Monica! I'm Phoebe's friend. Listen, Phoebe is back with David and he's going to propose to her, and she is going to say "yes" but I know she really wants to be with you!
Monica: I... I'm sorry, did you say something? I can't hear through all this damned hair! (Tries to move her huge hair away from the phone, in vain)
Monica: You don't tell me what to do! I tell you what to do! Just call her. She's at the Paradise Hotel in Barbados. And while I've got you, you've got curly hair. What do you do in humidity? (Mike hangs up the phone) Damnit!
Monica: (sarcastically) Well, I hope you're happy!
Monica: Phoebe is going to say "Yes" to David. See, that's what happens when you meddle in people's lives!
Monica: No it's not, b'cause she's still in love with Mike!
Monica: No, I called him. It's not gonna happen.
Monica: Well, if you hadn't meddled to start with, I wouldn't have had to go in there and meddle myself. Now, no matter how much we meddle, we will never be able to un-meddle the thing that you meddled up - in the first place!
Monica: I can't believe she's gonna say yes to David. She's clearly in love with Mike.
Monica: Oh my God, he's gonna do it now. Please, I cannot watch this, let's go.
Monica: IT'S THE HUMIDITY!
Monica: You're the most incredible woman I've ever met. How can I lose you? (Phoebe looks very flattered) Now, I don't actually have a ring...
Monica: (to everybody) BECAUSE OF OUR MEDDLING! Alright?
Monica: I know (she snuggles to him)
Monica: The sun is out!
Monica: Ok listen, you go down to the pool and reserve the chairs, and I'll get the magazines and the lotion.
Monica: Damn it!
Monica: Yeah!
Monica: (her hair bigger then before) I can't believe it's raining again! Oh, it's so unfair!!!
Monica: So, what are we gonna do today?
Monica: (pleasantly surprised) Ping pong? (to Chandler) Honey, they have ping pong! Let's play!
Monica: (disappointed) Why not?
Monica: I'm not always that bad!
Monica: (hesitatingly) I punched you...?
Monica: ... Phoebe...?
Monica: I clunked your heads together!
Monica: C'mon guys, it'll be fun!
Monica: But then how do we know who wins?
Monica: So, we're just four losers... SUPER!
Monica: (smiling) OK!
Monica: Sure! Got to!
Monica: Aww!
Monica: Hell, yeah!
Monica: How much were you thinking?
Monica: Make it fifty!
Monica: (nearly shouting) One thousand...
Monica: (going through her pockets) No... (to Chandler and Phoebe) Either of you girls got a quarter?
Monica: Heads! No, Tails! He-he-heads!
Monica: (angry) Ow, what are the chances!
Monica: Ha! My point!
Monica: Ooh! I'm sorry! I think, I THINK, that may have missed the table!
Monica: Ah, yeah!
Monica: Ah, yeaaah!
Monica: AH YEAAAAH!
Monica: Oh, damn it!
Monica: (threatening) Don't get too cocky! Remember I won the last one! Oh, by the way, how did that feel, losing to a girl?
Monica: NO, NO, NOOO!
Monica: Best out of three?
Monica: (to Mike) Serve the ball, chump!
Monica: No, I have just to have two more points to beat him!
Monica: I can't just walk away! I've put in four hours!
Monica: Look! You knew this about me when you married me! You agreed to take me in sickness and in health. Well, this is my sickness!
Monica: That's just good sense!
Monica: (in pain) Aww! (she holds her hand, moaning like she's biting back a scream)
Monica: No, no, no. Honey, I'm ok. Shake it off! (she shakes the wrist and it's more painful) Oh, no! No shaking, no shaking! Ooh! Ooh! (pause) Oh my God! I can't play!
Monica: I can't believe it! (pause) I lost!
Monica: What?
Monica: (to Chandler) Honey, you don't have to do this.
Monica: But... you suck!
Monica: Oh my God! You're good!
Monica: (to Chandler) Oh my God. That was so amazing! When did you (pause) Hold on! I almost forgot (she turns to Mike) loser! (back to Chandler) When did you stop sucking?
Monica: Why?
Monica: This is so great! Now we can enter into doubles tournaments!
Written by: Brian Buckner   Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment] Chandler: So, you and Rachel tonight, huh? Joey: Yeah. It's actually our first official date  Chandler: Wow! So tonight may be the night! You're nervous? Joey: Naa, no. This is the part I'm actually good at. Chandler: What must it be like not to be crippled by fear   and self-loathing. Joey: (pause) It's OK! Chandler: How can you be so confident? Joey: Well, I... I know exactly what I'm gonna do! Chandler: Really? Like you have a routine? Joey: No, no no no no. See. Each woman is different.You have   to appreciate their uniqueness. Chandler: Really? Joey: No, I do six things! First, I look deep in her eyes.   Then, I kiss her. Next I take my hand and I softly graze her thigh. Chandler: You mean like this? (he starts touching his thigh   in a funny and awkard way) Joey: NO! Not like that, no no. No, like this. (He starts   lightly grazing Chandler's thigh) Chandler: Oh, I see what you mean, that's quite nice. (They   look at each other, both embarassed) Joey: More foosball? Chandler: ...and beer!!  OPENING CREDITS  [Scene:Central Perk. Ross and Chandler are on the couch] Monica: (entering) Hey! Ross and Chandler: Hey! Monica: (to Chandler) Hey sweetie! (they   kiss) Ross: (looking at Monica's legs) WOW! Chandler: Hey! Stop staring at my wife's legs! No no! Stop   staring at your sister's legs! Ross: I'm sorry, it's just... how did you get so tan? Chandler: She went on one of those spray-on tan places. Ross: Eh, you got a spray-on tan? Monica: Chandler gets pedicures! Ross: (laughing) Why, why you do, like with the-the toe separators? Chandler: (To Monica) Why...why? Ross: Still, I can't believe that's sprayed on... I mean,   it looks really good. I wonder if I should get one! Chandler: Sure, then you should get a mini skirt so you can   really show it off. Ross: So, do you get colours or just French tips? Monica: There. Here's their card. Ross: Thanks. (he takes the card) Hey, I know where this   place is! It used to be an X-rated video... (pauses when he realizes what he   is saying) florist. (he goes away) (Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Hey! Chandler: Hey Pheebs! Monica: Hey Phoebe! Phoebe: Oh, you won't believe who moved back to town. Monica: I know, Amanda! Ah! She called me   too! She's the worst! Chandler: Who's Amanda? Monica: She's this girl who used to live   in the building before you did. Then she moved to England and she picked up   this fake British accent. On the machine this is her message. (she apes Amanda   using an awful British accent) "Monica, darling! It's Amanda calling!" Chandler: Are you trying to do a British accent? Monica: (pause) (to Phoebe) Chandler gets   pedicures! Chandler: Just so I know, how many more of those can I expect? Phoebe: You know what Amanda said to me when she got me on   the phone? (apes Amanda in a british accent) "Oh, so sorry to catch you   on your Mo-Bile!" If-if you don't wanna get me on my mo-Bile, don't call   me on my mo-Bile!" Monica: I know, and she's always bragging   about all the famous people she's met. Phoebe: Oh, I know! "Oh...I slept with Billy Joel".   All right, who hasn't? Monica: Oh, what are we gonna do! I don't   wanna see her!! Phoebe: Ugh, Let's just cut her out! Monica: What? Phoebe: Cut her out of our lives! Just ignore her calls and   dodge her 'till she gets the point! Monica: Oh, I guess we could try that, but...   it seems so harsh! (to Chandler) Have you ever done that? Chandler: No, had it done to me though. Feels good !  [Scene: At the tanning salon. Ross and a male assistant are   walking through a hall] Assistant: Alright Mr. Geller! Right this way! So, how dark do you wanna be? We have one, two or three. Ross: Well... I like how you look, what are you? Assistant: Puerto Rican. Ross: Two, I think a two. Assistant: You've got to face the red light.   When the red light goes on the spraying is about to start so close your eyes.   When the spraying stops, count to five. Pat yourself down to avoid drip marks   then turn around so we can get your back. Got it? Ross: Spray, count, pat, then turn, spray, count and pat. Assistant: Wow, you catch on quick. Ross: Well, I have a PhD, so... (assistant walk out, not   impressed by this statement)   (Ross takes his bathrobe off and he enters the tanning booth. He stands up   in front of the red light and the sprayer starts and sprays his face and torso) Ross: One Mississipi, two Mississipi, Three Mis...(the sprayer   starts again, spraying him in the face and torso again) WAIT! WAIT! I'm not-I've   not finished counting!! (he leaves the booth) (the assistant enters the room) Ross: You sprayed my front twice! Assistant: You've never turned?  Ross: No, I barely even   got to three Mississippi.  Assistant: Mississippi? I said count to   five'! Ross: Mississippilesly? (pause) Well, how   bad is it? Assistant: Ain't that bad yet, but it keeps   getting darker for the next four hours. Ross: So, how dark is it   gonna get? Assistant: You got sprayed with two two'   s and... Ross: I'm a four? Assistant: Yeah, but you're back's a zero.   You're gonna wanna even that out. Ross: (sarcastically) Really! Assistant: You might wanna get back in there. Ross: (annoyed) Ok! (The assistant leaves and Ross goes back in the spray-on tan booth and turns   his back to the spray nozzles, facing the back wall) Ross: Wait, wait a minute, there's no light   on the back wall! How do I know when it's gonna start? Hello? (he slowly turns   and the spraying begins, on his face) Ah, oh, ah! (he turns, but then he turns   again and is sprayed in the front again) Ah! (he spits and angrily goes out   of the spray-on tan booth and the assistant enters the room) The same thing   happened again! Assistant: You got two more twos? Ross: (hysterically) I'm an eight! [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Joey and Rachel enter the room] Rachel: Thanks for dinner. Joey: I thought you paid. (Rachel does not answer and seems   puzzled) Ha, guess we won’t be going back there! Rachel: So. Joey: Yeah. (Joey and Rachel start kissing) Joey: Hey what do you say, we move this onto the likes of   the couch? Rachel: I say ‘cheesy line’, but ok. (They move on the couch and start kissing again. Joey does his grazing on   Rachel’s thigh and she slaps his hand) Joey: What’s the matter? Rachel: I am sorry, I don’t know, I am sorry, I don’t   know why I did that! Joey and Rachel: Okay Rachel: Ok, so sorry. (They start kissing again and, when Joey grazes her thigh, she slaps him on   his hand again) Rachel: I am sorry! Again... I don't know, I don’t   know what happened, I must be nervous! Joey: I don’t get it, Chandler loved it! Rachel: Ok, ok, ok. I promise, I promise, I promise, I won’t   do it again. I really do. I promise. This is gonna be great. Joey: Ok. (They start kissing again and when Joey grazes, she slaps him three times,   on the hand, and on both cheeks) Joey: (a little giddy) Uh, was that good for you? [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Monica and Phoebe are reading   magazines when the phone rings and Phoebe reaches to pick it up] Monica: (to Phoebe) No, no, don’t get it. Let the machine pick up. Phoebe: Oh, yeah. Could be Rachel asking if someone could   baby-sit again. Monica: It could be Amanda! Phoebe: Oh, you’re right! I was just kidding about   Rachel. Babysitting is a gas! (The machine picks up the phone) Amanda: Hello Monica. It’s Amanda calling again. I   am in the neighborhood hoping I can pop by your flat! Monica: You're from Yonkers! Your last name   is Buffo-Martisis! Amanda: Let’s see.. to assure you get this directly,   ring me back on my mobile. Phoebe: Ok, don’t hold thy breath! (Sound of dialing numbers is heard from the speaker of the machine) Chandler: Hello? Is someone on the line? Amanda: Yes, I was looking for Monica. Chandler: Hang on, she’s right here. (he enters the   living room and hands the phone to Monica) Someone's on the phone, for ya. Monica: We weren’t picking up, it’s   Amanda! Chandler: (to Amanda) I get pedicures! Monica: Hi Amanda! Actually now... it’s...   is not a good time. Dinner tomorrow night? (Phoebe mouths 'no') Ok, Phoebe   and I will see you then! Phoebe: Why, why, why didn’t you just say no! Monica: Well, I said 'no' to her coming   over now! I couldn’t say 'no' twice! I get this uncontrollable need to   please people! Phoebe: (leaving) Fine, fine! You would not hold up well   under torture! Monica: And you would? Phoebe: I did! [scene: Joey’s apartment. Joey and Rachel are sitting   on the couch] Joey: Rach, you sure you wanna do this? Rachel: Absolutely! Absolutely. I d... it’s just a   little weird, it’s you, and it’s me, it's just gonna take some   getting used to. Joey: Ok. Well, how, how can we make it easier? Rachel: Ok, let’s work from the top down! (Joey nods,   but then puzzled because he does not get it) Just work the bra, Joe! Joey: Ok, yeah, got it. Rachel and Joey: Okay. (They start kissing and Joey starts to undo her bra, but fails completely) Joey: This thing welded shut?! Rachel: Okay. Joey: All right, turn around, I got to get a look at this   thing. Rachel: Oh! (Joey starts trying to undo her bra, but it won’t go.The elastic band   snaps back, hurting Rachel.) Rachel: Ow! Joey: Sorry! Rachel: Well this is romantic! Joey: I'm sorry! (He stands up) This never happened to me   before! I'm an expert at taking off bras! I can do it with one hand! I can   do it with my eyes closed! One time I just looked at one, and it popped open!   I blame your bra! Rachel: It’s a standard issue bra clasp! Joey: Then I blame you! Yeah! That's right! You threw me   off with all your slapping! Rachel: Ok well, well I'm really, I'm sorry about that Joey,   but do you think that maybe on some level, you don't want to take   off my bra? Joey: (contemplates for a few moments what Rachel just said)   NAH! I don't have another level!!  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] (Chandler is at the table reading; Monica puts some food for him on the table. Ross walks in looking very tanned. Chandler and Monica look up at him smiling.)  Chandler: Hold on! There is something different. Ross: I went to that tanning place your wife suggested. Chandler: Was that place... The Sun? Ross: Oh! And it gets worse! (Turns his side to Chandler   and Monica and pulls up his shirt. There's a distinct line across his body,   where his belly is very tanned and his back is very pale.) Chandler: Oh My God! You can do a duet of Ebony and Ivory   all by yourself! Monica: How could you mess this up? It's   so easy? You go into the booth, you count to five and you turn around!! Ross: (looks at her suspiciously) How do you count to five? Monica: One Two Three... Ross: (Yells) Damnit! (Goes to the door to leave. Rachel   just enters, sees him and starts laughing) Rachel: (laughing) oooh! Oh oh! Ross: (Still yelling) I Know! Rachel: oh oh! What is up with Miss Hawaiian Tropic? Chandler: How was your date with Joey? Rachel: Well, it was good.. until we got back to our apartment,   and then we were fooling around and he started to put his hand up my leg and   I kept slapping it away! Chandler: You didn't like that? Rachel: Well, it wasn't just me, alright? He freaked out   too! He couldn't even undo my bra! Monica: Wow, really? One time he just looked   at my bra and it popped open. (Chandler starts looking at her bra) Rachel: I do not know what's wrong with us, I mean, we have   kissed before and that's been great! But this time it was leading somewhere   and I was very aware of the fact that it was Joey touching me. Monica: Well, you guys have been friends   forever. Remember the first time that you kissed Ross? How weird that was?   You couldn't stop laughing? You got through that. Rachel: (looking thoughtful) Ok, that's true. That's true,   we can do this. You're right, you're right, we can do this. We're just gonna   power through! (Joey walks in) Joey: Hey Chandler can I talk to you for a second (points   to the hall). Rachel: (To Joey) No need!! Problem solved, we are powering through   (At which point she grabs his hand and pulls him back to their apartment). (Chandler resumes staring at Monica's bra) Monica: (sees what he is doing) Chandler,   stop! It is not going to pop open! Chandler: (without taking his eyes off the bra) You don't   know! (Monica just smiles) [Scene: Central Perk.] (Phoebe is sitting on the couch. Monica walks in.) Monica: Hey Phoebe! Phoebe: Hey! Monica: Is Amanda here yet? Phoebe: No. Monica: (sits down) Oh good. Good, look   I'm so sorry, for screwing up that cutting-her-out plan. But I have a new plan.   Chandler agreed to call here in a few minutes with an emergency. Phoebe: Oh! Well, what kind of emergency that gets us both   out of here? Monica: Well, what do you think of Mike   and Chandler being in a car accident? Phoebe: (makes a face) Are you kidding, I love it! (A blonde woman walks in. Supposedly Amanda) Phoebe: Hi! Monica: Hi! Amanda: Hi! (Phoebe and Amanda hug) Amanda: (To Monica) Hello! (Monica holds her hands out for a hug, but instead of hugging her, Amanda   hangs her purse on one of Monica's extended arms.) Amanda: (In a fake British accent) It's so nice to see you!   Both of you! Look at me. Look how young I look! (gives her coat to Monica as   well) Oh gosh! We have so much to catch up on! But first things first: touch   my abs (at which point she grabs both Phoebe and Monica's hands and places   them both on her stomach) I don't exercise at all! (she pulls them down to   sit.) Oh gosh, so Monica, you're married! Monica: (beaming) Yeah! Yeah! His name is   Chandler and... Amanda: (To Phoebe) Smell my neck! (Phoebe does so) It's   not perfume! It's me! It's my natural scent! (Monica looks shocked) Phoebe: Musty! Amanda: Oh! Gosh! This is brilliant. Gosh, it's just like   old times. I'm so happy you two are friends again! Monica: When were we not friends? Amanda: Well, it was 1992, and I remember because that was   the year I had sex with Evil Knievel (She starts laughing very proudly). Monica: Ehm, we were friends in 1992. Amanda: (to Phoebe) No I distinctly remember you were dodging   her (points at Monica) calls and trying to avoid seeing her.  Monica: (To Phoebe) You were going to cut   me out? Phoebe: Well...kinda. Monica: Oh My God! Amanda: Oh! Bugger. Should I not have said that? I feel like   a perfect arse! Phoebe: Yeah well, in America you're just an "ass". (Monica's mobile starts ringing. She picks it up.) Monica: (Into the phone) Hello? Chandler,   what's wrong? (She listens) Oh my God, are you alright? (listens some more)   Yeah, I'll be right there. (She hangs up and speaks to Amanda) I'm so sorry,   but Chandler was in a car accident. (She gets up) Phoebe: (Also gets up and starts taking her purse) Oh my   God. Was Mike with him? Monica: Nope! (She turns and leaves) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Joey comes running in.) Joey: (To Rachel) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Got champagne? Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through! Rachel: Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone   is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove   her bra from under her clothes)... Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)  Rachel: Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very   sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright!   Lets do it! Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit. Rachel: Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She   pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like   that huh? Joey: Oh! yeah! Rachel: You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively,   putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She   pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between   his legs and begins to kiss his neck.) Joey: uh uh! Rachel: Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it! Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters! Rachel: What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok? Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Monica: (entering) Hey!
Monica: (to Chandler) Hey sweetie! (they   kiss)
Monica: Chandler gets pedicures!
Monica: There. Here's their card.
Monica: Hey Phoebe!
Monica: I know, Amanda! Ah! She called me   too! She's the worst!
Monica: She's this girl who used to live   in the building before you did. Then she moved to England and she picked up   this fake British accent. On the machine this is her message. (she apes Amanda   using an awful British accent) "Monica, darling! It's Amanda calling!"
Monica: (pause) (to Phoebe) Chandler gets   pedicures!
Monica: I know, and she's always bragging   about all the famous people she's met.
Monica: Oh, what are we gonna do! I don't   wanna see her!!
Monica: What?
Monica: Oh, I guess we could try that, but...   it seems so harsh! (to Chandler) Have you ever done that?
Joey: (a little giddy) Uh, was that good for you? [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Monica and Phoebe are reading   magazines when the phone rings and Phoebe reaches to pick it up] Monica: (to Phoebe) No, no, don’t get it. Let the machine pick up. Phoebe: Oh, yeah. Could be Rachel asking if someone could   baby-sit again. Monica: It could be Amanda! Phoebe: Oh, you’re right! I was just kidding about   Rachel. Babysitting is a gas! (The machine picks up the phone) Amanda: Hello Monica. It’s Amanda calling again. I   am in the neighborhood hoping I can pop by your flat! Monica: You're from Yonkers! Your last name   is Buffo-Martisis! Amanda: Let’s see.. to assure you get this directly,   ring me back on my mobile. Phoebe: Ok, don’t hold thy breath! (Sound of dialing numbers is heard from the speaker of the machine) Chandler: Hello? Is someone on the line? Amanda: Yes, I was looking for Monica. Chandler: Hang on, she’s right here. (he enters the   living room and hands the phone to Monica) Someone's on the phone, for ya. Monica: We weren’t picking up, it’s   Amanda! Chandler: (to Amanda) I get pedicures! Monica: Hi Amanda! Actually now... it’s...   is not a good time. Dinner tomorrow night? (Phoebe mouths 'no') Ok, Phoebe   and I will see you then! Phoebe: Why, why, why didn’t you just say no! Monica: Well, I said 'no' to her coming   over now! I couldn’t say 'no' twice! I get this uncontrollable need to   please people! Phoebe: (leaving) Fine, fine! You would not hold up well   under torture! Monica: And you would? Phoebe: I did! [scene: Joey’s apartment. Joey and Rachel are sitting   on the couch] Joey: Rach, you sure you wanna do this? Rachel: Absolutely! Absolutely. I d... it’s just a   little weird, it’s you, and it’s me, it's just gonna take some   getting used to. Joey: Ok. Well, how, how can we make it easier? Rachel: Ok, let’s work from the top down! (Joey nods,   but then puzzled because he does not get it) Just work the bra, Joe! Joey: Ok, yeah, got it. Rachel and Joey: Okay. (They start kissing and Joey starts to undo her bra, but fails completely) Joey: This thing welded shut?! Rachel: Okay. Joey: All right, turn around, I got to get a look at this   thing. Rachel: Oh! (Joey starts trying to undo her bra, but it won’t go.The elastic band   snaps back, hurting Rachel.) Rachel: Ow! Joey: Sorry! Rachel: Well this is romantic! Joey: I'm sorry! (He stands up) This never happened to me   before! I'm an expert at taking off bras! I can do it with one hand! I can   do it with my eyes closed! One time I just looked at one, and it popped open!   I blame your bra! Rachel: It’s a standard issue bra clasp! Joey: Then I blame you! Yeah! That's right! You threw me   off with all your slapping! Rachel: Ok well, well I'm really, I'm sorry about that Joey,   but do you think that maybe on some level, you don't want to take   off my bra? Joey: (contemplates for a few moments what Rachel just said)   NAH! I don't have another level!!  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] (Chandler is at the table reading; Monica puts some food for him on the table. Ross walks in looking very tanned. Chandler and Monica look up at him smiling.)  Chandler: Hold on! There is something different. Ross: I went to that tanning place your wife suggested. Chandler: Was that place... The Sun? Ross: Oh! And it gets worse! (Turns his side to Chandler   and Monica and pulls up his shirt. There's a distinct line across his body,   where his belly is very tanned and his back is very pale.) Chandler: Oh My God! You can do a duet of Ebony and Ivory   all by yourself! Monica: How could you mess this up? It's   so easy? You go into the booth, you count to five and you turn around!! Ross: (looks at her suspiciously) How do you count to five? Monica: One Two Three... Ross: (Yells) Damnit! (Goes to the door to leave. Rachel   just enters, sees him and starts laughing) Rachel: (laughing) oooh! Oh oh! Ross: (Still yelling) I Know! Rachel: oh oh! What is up with Miss Hawaiian Tropic? Chandler: How was your date with Joey? Rachel: Well, it was good.. until we got back to our apartment,   and then we were fooling around and he started to put his hand up my leg and   I kept slapping it away! Chandler: You didn't like that? Rachel: Well, it wasn't just me, alright? He freaked out   too! He couldn't even undo my bra! Monica: Wow, really? One time he just looked   at my bra and it popped open. (Chandler starts looking at her bra) Rachel: I do not know what's wrong with us, I mean, we have   kissed before and that's been great! But this time it was leading somewhere   and I was very aware of the fact that it was Joey touching me. Monica: Well, you guys have been friends   forever. Remember the first time that you kissed Ross? How weird that was?   You couldn't stop laughing? You got through that. Rachel: (looking thoughtful) Ok, that's true. That's true,   we can do this. You're right, you're right, we can do this. We're just gonna   power through! (Joey walks in) Joey: Hey Chandler can I talk to you for a second (points   to the hall). Rachel: (To Joey) No need!! Problem solved, we are powering through   (At which point she grabs his hand and pulls him back to their apartment). (Chandler resumes staring at Monica's bra) Monica: (sees what he is doing) Chandler,   stop! It is not going to pop open! Chandler: (without taking his eyes off the bra) You don't   know! (Monica just smiles) [Scene: Central Perk.] (Phoebe is sitting on the couch. Monica walks in.) Monica: Hey Phoebe! Phoebe: Hey! Monica: Is Amanda here yet? Phoebe: No. Monica: (sits down) Oh good. Good, look   I'm so sorry, for screwing up that cutting-her-out plan. But I have a new plan.   Chandler agreed to call here in a few minutes with an emergency. Phoebe: Oh! Well, what kind of emergency that gets us both   out of here? Monica: Well, what do you think of Mike   and Chandler being in a car accident? Phoebe: (makes a face) Are you kidding, I love it! (A blonde woman walks in. Supposedly Amanda) Phoebe: Hi! Monica: Hi! Amanda: Hi! (Phoebe and Amanda hug) Amanda: (To Monica) Hello! (Monica holds her hands out for a hug, but instead of hugging her, Amanda   hangs her purse on one of Monica's extended arms.) Amanda: (In a fake British accent) It's so nice to see you!   Both of you! Look at me. Look how young I look! (gives her coat to Monica as   well) Oh gosh! We have so much to catch up on! But first things first: touch   my abs (at which point she grabs both Phoebe and Monica's hands and places   them both on her stomach) I don't exercise at all! (she pulls them down to   sit.) Oh gosh, so Monica, you're married! Monica: (beaming) Yeah! Yeah! His name is   Chandler and... Amanda: (To Phoebe) Smell my neck! (Phoebe does so) It's   not perfume! It's me! It's my natural scent! (Monica looks shocked) Phoebe: Musty! Amanda: Oh! Gosh! This is brilliant. Gosh, it's just like   old times. I'm so happy you two are friends again! Monica: When were we not friends? Amanda: Well, it was 1992, and I remember because that was   the year I had sex with Evil Knievel (She starts laughing very proudly). Monica: Ehm, we were friends in 1992. Amanda: (to Phoebe) No I distinctly remember you were dodging   her (points at Monica) calls and trying to avoid seeing her.  Monica: (To Phoebe) You were going to cut   me out? Phoebe: Well...kinda. Monica: Oh My God! Amanda: Oh! Bugger. Should I not have said that? I feel like   a perfect arse! Phoebe: Yeah well, in America you're just an "ass". (Monica's mobile starts ringing. She picks it up.) Monica: (Into the phone) Hello? Chandler,   what's wrong? (She listens) Oh my God, are you alright? (listens some more)   Yeah, I'll be right there. (She hangs up and speaks to Amanda) I'm so sorry,   but Chandler was in a car accident. (She gets up) Phoebe: (Also gets up and starts taking her purse) Oh my   God. Was Mike with him? Monica: Nope! (She turns and leaves) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Joey comes running in.) Joey: (To Rachel) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Got champagne? Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through! Rachel: Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone   is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove   her bra from under her clothes)... Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)  Rachel: Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very   sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright!   Lets do it! Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit. Rachel: Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She   pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like   that huh? Joey: Oh! yeah! Rachel: You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively,   putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She   pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between   his legs and begins to kiss his neck.) Joey: uh uh! Rachel: Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it! Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters! Rachel: What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok? Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Monica: It could be Amanda!
Monica: You're from Yonkers! Your last name   is Buffo-Martisis!
Monica: We weren’t picking up, it’s   Amanda!
Monica: Hi Amanda! Actually now... it’s...   is not a good time. Dinner tomorrow night? (Phoebe mouths 'no') Ok, Phoebe   and I will see you then!
Monica: Well, I said 'no' to her coming   over now! I couldn’t say 'no' twice! I get this uncontrollable need to   please people!
Monica: And you would?
Phoebe: I did! [scene: Joey’s apartment. Joey and Rachel are sitting   on the couch] Joey: Rach, you sure you wanna do this? Rachel: Absolutely! Absolutely. I d... it’s just a   little weird, it’s you, and it’s me, it's just gonna take some   getting used to. Joey: Ok. Well, how, how can we make it easier? Rachel: Ok, let’s work from the top down! (Joey nods,   but then puzzled because he does not get it) Just work the bra, Joe! Joey: Ok, yeah, got it. Rachel and Joey: Okay. (They start kissing and Joey starts to undo her bra, but fails completely) Joey: This thing welded shut?! Rachel: Okay. Joey: All right, turn around, I got to get a look at this   thing. Rachel: Oh! (Joey starts trying to undo her bra, but it won’t go.The elastic band   snaps back, hurting Rachel.) Rachel: Ow! Joey: Sorry! Rachel: Well this is romantic! Joey: I'm sorry! (He stands up) This never happened to me   before! I'm an expert at taking off bras! I can do it with one hand! I can   do it with my eyes closed! One time I just looked at one, and it popped open!   I blame your bra! Rachel: It’s a standard issue bra clasp! Joey: Then I blame you! Yeah! That's right! You threw me   off with all your slapping! Rachel: Ok well, well I'm really, I'm sorry about that Joey,   but do you think that maybe on some level, you don't want to take   off my bra? Joey: (contemplates for a few moments what Rachel just said)   NAH! I don't have another level!!  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] (Chandler is at the table reading; Monica puts some food for him on the table. Ross walks in looking very tanned. Chandler and Monica look up at him smiling.)  Chandler: Hold on! There is something different. Ross: I went to that tanning place your wife suggested. Chandler: Was that place... The Sun? Ross: Oh! And it gets worse! (Turns his side to Chandler   and Monica and pulls up his shirt. There's a distinct line across his body,   where his belly is very tanned and his back is very pale.) Chandler: Oh My God! You can do a duet of Ebony and Ivory   all by yourself! Monica: How could you mess this up? It's   so easy? You go into the booth, you count to five and you turn around!! Ross: (looks at her suspiciously) How do you count to five? Monica: One Two Three... Ross: (Yells) Damnit! (Goes to the door to leave. Rachel   just enters, sees him and starts laughing) Rachel: (laughing) oooh! Oh oh! Ross: (Still yelling) I Know! Rachel: oh oh! What is up with Miss Hawaiian Tropic? Chandler: How was your date with Joey? Rachel: Well, it was good.. until we got back to our apartment,   and then we were fooling around and he started to put his hand up my leg and   I kept slapping it away! Chandler: You didn't like that? Rachel: Well, it wasn't just me, alright? He freaked out   too! He couldn't even undo my bra! Monica: Wow, really? One time he just looked   at my bra and it popped open. (Chandler starts looking at her bra) Rachel: I do not know what's wrong with us, I mean, we have   kissed before and that's been great! But this time it was leading somewhere   and I was very aware of the fact that it was Joey touching me. Monica: Well, you guys have been friends   forever. Remember the first time that you kissed Ross? How weird that was?   You couldn't stop laughing? You got through that. Rachel: (looking thoughtful) Ok, that's true. That's true,   we can do this. You're right, you're right, we can do this. We're just gonna   power through! (Joey walks in) Joey: Hey Chandler can I talk to you for a second (points   to the hall). Rachel: (To Joey) No need!! Problem solved, we are powering through   (At which point she grabs his hand and pulls him back to their apartment). (Chandler resumes staring at Monica's bra) Monica: (sees what he is doing) Chandler,   stop! It is not going to pop open! Chandler: (without taking his eyes off the bra) You don't   know! (Monica just smiles) [Scene: Central Perk.] (Phoebe is sitting on the couch. Monica walks in.) Monica: Hey Phoebe! Phoebe: Hey! Monica: Is Amanda here yet? Phoebe: No. Monica: (sits down) Oh good. Good, look   I'm so sorry, for screwing up that cutting-her-out plan. But I have a new plan.   Chandler agreed to call here in a few minutes with an emergency. Phoebe: Oh! Well, what kind of emergency that gets us both   out of here? Monica: Well, what do you think of Mike   and Chandler being in a car accident? Phoebe: (makes a face) Are you kidding, I love it! (A blonde woman walks in. Supposedly Amanda) Phoebe: Hi! Monica: Hi! Amanda: Hi! (Phoebe and Amanda hug) Amanda: (To Monica) Hello! (Monica holds her hands out for a hug, but instead of hugging her, Amanda   hangs her purse on one of Monica's extended arms.) Amanda: (In a fake British accent) It's so nice to see you!   Both of you! Look at me. Look how young I look! (gives her coat to Monica as   well) Oh gosh! We have so much to catch up on! But first things first: touch   my abs (at which point she grabs both Phoebe and Monica's hands and places   them both on her stomach) I don't exercise at all! (she pulls them down to   sit.) Oh gosh, so Monica, you're married! Monica: (beaming) Yeah! Yeah! His name is   Chandler and... Amanda: (To Phoebe) Smell my neck! (Phoebe does so) It's   not perfume! It's me! It's my natural scent! (Monica looks shocked) Phoebe: Musty! Amanda: Oh! Gosh! This is brilliant. Gosh, it's just like   old times. I'm so happy you two are friends again! Monica: When were we not friends? Amanda: Well, it was 1992, and I remember because that was   the year I had sex with Evil Knievel (She starts laughing very proudly). Monica: Ehm, we were friends in 1992. Amanda: (to Phoebe) No I distinctly remember you were dodging   her (points at Monica) calls and trying to avoid seeing her.  Monica: (To Phoebe) You were going to cut   me out? Phoebe: Well...kinda. Monica: Oh My God! Amanda: Oh! Bugger. Should I not have said that? I feel like   a perfect arse! Phoebe: Yeah well, in America you're just an "ass". (Monica's mobile starts ringing. She picks it up.) Monica: (Into the phone) Hello? Chandler,   what's wrong? (She listens) Oh my God, are you alright? (listens some more)   Yeah, I'll be right there. (She hangs up and speaks to Amanda) I'm so sorry,   but Chandler was in a car accident. (She gets up) Phoebe: (Also gets up and starts taking her purse) Oh my   God. Was Mike with him? Monica: Nope! (She turns and leaves) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Joey comes running in.) Joey: (To Rachel) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Got champagne? Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through! Rachel: Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone   is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove   her bra from under her clothes)... Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)  Rachel: Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very   sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright!   Lets do it! Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit. Rachel: Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She   pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like   that huh? Joey: Oh! yeah! Rachel: You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively,   putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She   pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between   his legs and begins to kiss his neck.) Joey: uh uh! Rachel: Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it! Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters! Rachel: What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok? Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Joey: (contemplates for a few moments what Rachel just said)   NAH! I don't have another level!!  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] (Chandler is at the table reading; Monica puts some food for him on the table. Ross walks in looking very tanned. Chandler and Monica look up at him smiling.)  Chandler: Hold on! There is something different. Ross: I went to that tanning place your wife suggested. Chandler: Was that place... The Sun? Ross: Oh! And it gets worse! (Turns his side to Chandler   and Monica and pulls up his shirt. There's a distinct line across his body,   where his belly is very tanned and his back is very pale.) Chandler: Oh My God! You can do a duet of Ebony and Ivory   all by yourself! Monica: How could you mess this up? It's   so easy? You go into the booth, you count to five and you turn around!! Ross: (looks at her suspiciously) How do you count to five? Monica: One Two Three... Ross: (Yells) Damnit! (Goes to the door to leave. Rachel   just enters, sees him and starts laughing) Rachel: (laughing) oooh! Oh oh! Ross: (Still yelling) I Know! Rachel: oh oh! What is up with Miss Hawaiian Tropic? Chandler: How was your date with Joey? Rachel: Well, it was good.. until we got back to our apartment,   and then we were fooling around and he started to put his hand up my leg and   I kept slapping it away! Chandler: You didn't like that? Rachel: Well, it wasn't just me, alright? He freaked out   too! He couldn't even undo my bra! Monica: Wow, really? One time he just looked   at my bra and it popped open. (Chandler starts looking at her bra) Rachel: I do not know what's wrong with us, I mean, we have   kissed before and that's been great! But this time it was leading somewhere   and I was very aware of the fact that it was Joey touching me. Monica: Well, you guys have been friends   forever. Remember the first time that you kissed Ross? How weird that was?   You couldn't stop laughing? You got through that. Rachel: (looking thoughtful) Ok, that's true. That's true,   we can do this. You're right, you're right, we can do this. We're just gonna   power through! (Joey walks in) Joey: Hey Chandler can I talk to you for a second (points   to the hall). Rachel: (To Joey) No need!! Problem solved, we are powering through   (At which point she grabs his hand and pulls him back to their apartment). (Chandler resumes staring at Monica's bra) Monica: (sees what he is doing) Chandler,   stop! It is not going to pop open! Chandler: (without taking his eyes off the bra) You don't   know! (Monica just smiles) [Scene: Central Perk.] (Phoebe is sitting on the couch. Monica walks in.) Monica: Hey Phoebe! Phoebe: Hey! Monica: Is Amanda here yet? Phoebe: No. Monica: (sits down) Oh good. Good, look   I'm so sorry, for screwing up that cutting-her-out plan. But I have a new plan.   Chandler agreed to call here in a few minutes with an emergency. Phoebe: Oh! Well, what kind of emergency that gets us both   out of here? Monica: Well, what do you think of Mike   and Chandler being in a car accident? Phoebe: (makes a face) Are you kidding, I love it! (A blonde woman walks in. Supposedly Amanda) Phoebe: Hi! Monica: Hi! Amanda: Hi! (Phoebe and Amanda hug) Amanda: (To Monica) Hello! (Monica holds her hands out for a hug, but instead of hugging her, Amanda   hangs her purse on one of Monica's extended arms.) Amanda: (In a fake British accent) It's so nice to see you!   Both of you! Look at me. Look how young I look! (gives her coat to Monica as   well) Oh gosh! We have so much to catch up on! But first things first: touch   my abs (at which point she grabs both Phoebe and Monica's hands and places   them both on her stomach) I don't exercise at all! (she pulls them down to   sit.) Oh gosh, so Monica, you're married! Monica: (beaming) Yeah! Yeah! His name is   Chandler and... Amanda: (To Phoebe) Smell my neck! (Phoebe does so) It's   not perfume! It's me! It's my natural scent! (Monica looks shocked) Phoebe: Musty! Amanda: Oh! Gosh! This is brilliant. Gosh, it's just like   old times. I'm so happy you two are friends again! Monica: When were we not friends? Amanda: Well, it was 1992, and I remember because that was   the year I had sex with Evil Knievel (She starts laughing very proudly). Monica: Ehm, we were friends in 1992. Amanda: (to Phoebe) No I distinctly remember you were dodging   her (points at Monica) calls and trying to avoid seeing her.  Monica: (To Phoebe) You were going to cut   me out? Phoebe: Well...kinda. Monica: Oh My God! Amanda: Oh! Bugger. Should I not have said that? I feel like   a perfect arse! Phoebe: Yeah well, in America you're just an "ass". (Monica's mobile starts ringing. She picks it up.) Monica: (Into the phone) Hello? Chandler,   what's wrong? (She listens) Oh my God, are you alright? (listens some more)   Yeah, I'll be right there. (She hangs up and speaks to Amanda) I'm so sorry,   but Chandler was in a car accident. (She gets up) Phoebe: (Also gets up and starts taking her purse) Oh my   God. Was Mike with him? Monica: Nope! (She turns and leaves) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Joey comes running in.) Joey: (To Rachel) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Got champagne? Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through! Rachel: Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone   is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove   her bra from under her clothes)... Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)  Rachel: Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very   sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright!   Lets do it! Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit. Rachel: Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She   pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like   that huh? Joey: Oh! yeah! Rachel: You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively,   putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She   pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between   his legs and begins to kiss his neck.) Joey: uh uh! Rachel: Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it! Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters! Rachel: What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok? Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Monica: How could you mess this up? It's   so easy? You go into the booth, you count to five and you turn around!!
Monica: One Two Three...
Monica: Wow, really? One time he just looked   at my bra and it popped open.
Monica: Well, you guys have been friends   forever. Remember the first time that you kissed Ross? How weird that was?   You couldn't stop laughing? You got through that.
Monica: (sees what he is doing) Chandler,   stop! It is not going to pop open!
Chandler: (without taking his eyes off the bra) You don't   know! (Monica just smiles) [Scene: Central Perk.] (Phoebe is sitting on the couch. Monica walks in.) Monica: Hey Phoebe! Phoebe: Hey! Monica: Is Amanda here yet? Phoebe: No. Monica: (sits down) Oh good. Good, look   I'm so sorry, for screwing up that cutting-her-out plan. But I have a new plan.   Chandler agreed to call here in a few minutes with an emergency. Phoebe: Oh! Well, what kind of emergency that gets us both   out of here? Monica: Well, what do you think of Mike   and Chandler being in a car accident? Phoebe: (makes a face) Are you kidding, I love it! (A blonde woman walks in. Supposedly Amanda) Phoebe: Hi! Monica: Hi! Amanda: Hi! (Phoebe and Amanda hug) Amanda: (To Monica) Hello! (Monica holds her hands out for a hug, but instead of hugging her, Amanda   hangs her purse on one of Monica's extended arms.) Amanda: (In a fake British accent) It's so nice to see you!   Both of you! Look at me. Look how young I look! (gives her coat to Monica as   well) Oh gosh! We have so much to catch up on! But first things first: touch   my abs (at which point she grabs both Phoebe and Monica's hands and places   them both on her stomach) I don't exercise at all! (she pulls them down to   sit.) Oh gosh, so Monica, you're married! Monica: (beaming) Yeah! Yeah! His name is   Chandler and... Amanda: (To Phoebe) Smell my neck! (Phoebe does so) It's   not perfume! It's me! It's my natural scent! (Monica looks shocked) Phoebe: Musty! Amanda: Oh! Gosh! This is brilliant. Gosh, it's just like   old times. I'm so happy you two are friends again! Monica: When were we not friends? Amanda: Well, it was 1992, and I remember because that was   the year I had sex with Evil Knievel (She starts laughing very proudly). Monica: Ehm, we were friends in 1992. Amanda: (to Phoebe) No I distinctly remember you were dodging   her (points at Monica) calls and trying to avoid seeing her.  Monica: (To Phoebe) You were going to cut   me out? Phoebe: Well...kinda. Monica: Oh My God! Amanda: Oh! Bugger. Should I not have said that? I feel like   a perfect arse! Phoebe: Yeah well, in America you're just an "ass". (Monica's mobile starts ringing. She picks it up.) Monica: (Into the phone) Hello? Chandler,   what's wrong? (She listens) Oh my God, are you alright? (listens some more)   Yeah, I'll be right there. (She hangs up and speaks to Amanda) I'm so sorry,   but Chandler was in a car accident. (She gets up) Phoebe: (Also gets up and starts taking her purse) Oh my   God. Was Mike with him? Monica: Nope! (She turns and leaves) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Joey comes running in.) Joey: (To Rachel) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Got champagne? Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through! Rachel: Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone   is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove   her bra from under her clothes)... Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)  Rachel: Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very   sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright!   Lets do it! Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit. Rachel: Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She   pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like   that huh? Joey: Oh! yeah! Rachel: You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively,   putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She   pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between   his legs and begins to kiss his neck.) Joey: uh uh! Rachel: Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it! Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters! Rachel: What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok? Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Monica: Hey Phoebe!
Monica: Is Amanda here yet?
Monica: (sits down) Oh good. Good, look   I'm so sorry, for screwing up that cutting-her-out plan. But I have a new plan.   Chandler agreed to call here in a few minutes with an emergency.
Monica: Well, what do you think of Mike   and Chandler being in a car accident?
Monica: Hi!
Monica: (beaming) Yeah! Yeah! His name is   Chandler and...
Monica: When were we not friends?
Monica: Ehm, we were friends in 1992.
Monica: (To Phoebe) You were going to cut   me out?
Monica: Oh My God!
Monica: (Into the phone) Hello? Chandler,   what's wrong? (She listens) Oh my God, are you alright? (listens some more)   Yeah, I'll be right there. (She hangs up and speaks to Amanda) I'm so sorry,   but Chandler was in a car accident. (She gets up)
Monica: Nope! (She turns and leaves) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Joey comes running in.) Joey: (To Rachel) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Got champagne? Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through! Rachel: Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone   is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove   her bra from under her clothes)... Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)  Rachel: Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very   sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright!   Lets do it! Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit. Rachel: Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She   pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like   that huh? Joey: Oh! yeah! Rachel: You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively,   putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She   pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between   his legs and begins to kiss his neck.) Joey: uh uh! Rachel: Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it! Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters! Rachel: What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok? Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore.
Monica: I have nothing to say to   you.
Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why?
Monica: I'm still all those things!
Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy.
Monica: It's because I'm scrappy.
Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you.
Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda.
Written by: Dana Klein   Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa [Scene: Central Perk] Monica: (she enters) Hey guys! Ross, Rachel and Chandler: Hey! Chandler: Honey, I got us that room at the Woodford Inn this weekend. Monica: That place in Vermont? You can  take   a hint! Rachel: Wait, you can't go away this weekend! It's Emma's birthday! Ross: Yeah! Rachel: We're having a party. Monica: Well, can't you just have the party when we get back? Ross: No. Rachel: No,    that day... that won't be her real birthday! Chandler: Gee if only she were one and had no idea what the hell a birthday    was! Ross: C'mon you guys, this is really important to us. Monica: Well, I'm sorry, but Chandler and I could really use a weekend away.    You know, to reconnect... emotionally. Chandler: There's this thing I really want us to do. I read about it in Maxim... Rachel: Well, can't you just go to Vermont the next day? Ross: Yeah, we want everyone to be there. As much as I hate to delay your doing    weird sex stuff to my little sister. Rachel: And I mean, you know, you guys... This is a big deal. I mean, how can    we have her first birthday party without her aunt and her uncle! Monica: All right, we'll stay. We can just drive up after the party. Chandler: Fine, but if we end up not doing this Maxim thing because of this    party... Monica: Believe me, that is not why we won't    be doing that!   OPENING CREDITS  [Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment] Rachel: You know Pheebs, when I was little, on my birthday, my daddy would    hide a present in every room of the house, and then he would draw a treasure    map to help me find 'em all. Phoebe: Oooh, I love family traditions like that. When uhm...    when Ursula and I were kids, on our birthday, our stepdad would sell his blood    to buy us food! Ross: (he enters) Hey guys! Rachel and Phoebe: Hi! Ross: Hey, I brought the camera for Emma's video. Rachel: Oh, good, good! We had this idea to make a birthday video for Emma    and we'll give it to her when she is 18. Phoebe: Oh, COOL!! Wow, it's like a time capsule! Ross: Yeah! Phoebe: Oh, just think... she's gonna be watching that video on a TV that hasn't    even been invented yet! With friends who right now are just like babies! And    they'll be living in a floating city that the humans built to escape the ant    people! Ross: That's the hope! So, is Emma awake yet? Rachel: Oh no, it's still nap time. But she'll be up soon. Ross: Ah, and where is Joey? Rachel: I said it's still nap time. (Joey comes out from his room, yawning) Ross: (taping Joey with the cam) Hey, there is uncle Joey! Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey, say something to Emma on her 18th birthday! Joey: 18, uh? (starts to prepare himself to say his "How You Doin'"    line)  Ross: Joey, NO! Joey: What, what!? it's for her hot friends! Ross: When they see this you'll be 52! Joey: And starting to think about settling down! Rachel: Hey Joey, will you please set this up for people to put Emma's presents    on? Joey: I'd love to! Yeah!   Joey: (To Phoebe) We were supposed to bring presents? Phoebe: Yeah! I wrote Emma a song. Joey: Oh, yeah! How was I supposed to know? Phoebe: Joey, it's a birthday party. Joey: Yeah, but for a one-year-old. What's the point... the other day she laughed    for like an hour at a cup. Just a cup with a picture of Elmo on it dressed as    a farmer. And he's standing next to this cow and the cow says "El-moo"!    (Joey starts laughing) Yeah... that's a funny cup! (Monica and Chandler enter) Monica: Hey! Chandler: Hey hey! Where's the birthday girl? Rachel: Oh, she's still napping Chandler: Oh, sure, she was probably up all night, excited about the party    she knows is happening. Rachel: Look, I know that you guys really want to get to Vermont and this isn't    a really big deal to you, but it really is to us, ok? Emma will never have a    first birthday again. Monica: All right... you're right. We're sorry. Now let's wake up Emma and    get the fun time started! Rachel: No really, she didn't sleep well last night, so we can't wake her up. Monica: Are you freaking kidding me, Green? (someone knocks on the door. Rachel goes to open it) Jack and Judy: HI! Ross: (points the camcorder towards them to record their entrance) Hey! Monica: So glad you came! Jack: I can't believe Emma is already one! Judy: (to Monica) I remember your first birthday! Ross was jealous of all the    attention we were giving you. He pulled on his testicles so hard! We had to    take him to the emergency room!  Ross: (pointing the camcorder at himself) There's something you didn't know    about your dad! Joey: Hey Mr. and Mrs. Geller! Let me help you with that. Jack: Thank you! Joey: Oh man, this is great, uh? The three of us together again! You know what    would be fun? If we gave this present to Emma from all of us! Jack: Which one are you?  (Time lapse) Monica: I can't believe Emma is still asleep! Chandler: I know, what are we gonna do? Monica: I've got a plan. I've got a plan. I'm going to ram this platter really    hard into your ribs. You're gonna scream out and that'll wake her up! Chandler: I'm not going to Vermont with this Monica! Joey: Hey Pheebs, you know what? I was thinking... since you wrote a song,    maybe I could do something for Emma using my talents!  Phoebe: So you’re gonna... hit on her? Joey: No, no, no! My talents as an actor! Phoebe: Oh! Joey: You know, I could like maybe... I could do a dramatic reading of one    of her books! Phoebe: Or you could stick a fork in an apple! Joey: Hey, I think Emma might like it! Rachel: Oh! Emma might like what? Joey: Um, my present! Rachel: What did you get her? Joey: Actually we prepared performances. Phoebe: Separate performances. Joey: But equally real! Rachel: Well, this sounds like fun! Well, you know what? Actually? People are    getting a little antsy waiting Emma to wake up from her nap, so would you mind    performing them once now? Phoebe: Sure, yeah! Joey: (unconfidently) O K. Rachel: (to everybody) All right, let’s get this party started, huh?    Joey and Phoebe are gonna perform a little something for us. Ross: Oh, great! Phoebe: (to Joey) Are you gonna be embarrassed going up there having nothing    prepared? Joey: Hey, I do it every week with three cameras pointed at me and a whole    crew waiting! Rachel: So, Joey, what are you gonna do for us? Joey: I will be doing a dramatic reading of one of Emma’s books. Rachel: Oh, ok, which one? Joey: Uh, why, it’s a... (he picks a book up) one of her favorites, uh,    (he reads the title of the book) “Riding the Storm Out. Coping with post-partum    depression” eesh! (he puts the book back and picks up another) “Love    you forever”. Love you forever. By Robert Munsch. Published by Firefly    books. Printed (he pauses and changes the tone to a dramatic one) in Mexico.    A mother held her new baby and very slowly rocked him back and forth, back and    forth, back and forth, and while she held him she sang “I’ll love    you forever, I’ll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby    you’ll be”. (the picture fades and Joey is now finishing the book).    And while he rocked her, he sang “I’ll love you forever, I’ll    like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you’ll be”. Rachel: (crying) Wow! That was amazing! Ross: Thank you so much for that gift! Chandler (nearly weeping): I was not ready for this today! Ross: Amazing... amazing. Rachel: Oh, Phoebe, I’m sorry! Phoebe has prepared something as well. Phoebe: That’s right, I've prepared a song for Emma. From my heart to    hers. For there’s no greater gift, than the gift of music. (she starts    singing) Emma! Your name poses a dilemma. 'Cause not much else rhymes with Emma!    Maybe the actor Richard Crenna, he played the commanding officer in Rambo. Happy    birthday Emma! Rachel: Is that it? Phoebe: No, of course not! I also, you know, prepared a reading (she picks    up a book). “Sex and the single mother. (pause) Finding your G-spot. Everybody: No, no, no, no, no! [Scene: Joey’s Apartment. Ross is filming his parents ] Judy: Hello Emma. Happy eighteenth birthday. Jack: Right now that seems so far away, seventeen years. Judy: Yes, you’ll be all grown up by then. We’ll be... Well your    grandfather and I might not be here. Jack: That’s true! This message could becoming to you from beyond the    grave, Emma! Judy: After all, my parents died very young. Jack: And my cholesterol’s off the charts! Judy: Remember, Emma, heart disease kills women too! Ross (stops recording): Ok, cut! Great. That was... that was    just... yeah! Rachel: Ross, um, don’t forget to get a shot of Emma’s cake. It’s    in a box in the fridge. Ross: Sure. Rachel: Oh, you're gonna love this cake. I got it from a bakery in New Jersey,    Corino’s. Monica: Oh my God, that place has the creamiest frosting! I use to hitchhike    there when I was a kid. Rachel: Well, anyway, they make these great novelty cakes, in all different    shapes, and if you give them a photo, they’ll copy it in icing! Monica: Oh, did you do a picture of Emma? Rachel: Yes! On a cake shaped like a bunny. Ross: Uh, Rach? Does this bakery by any chance also bake erotic cakes? Say    for bachelorette parties? Rachel: Ross, what are you talking about? (she sees the cake) oh! Oh my God!    They put my baby’s face on a penis! Phoebe (sees the cake): oh! Now it’s a party! Rachel: Why you guys this isn't funny, all right? If I wanted this cake to    be a disaster I would have baked it myself! Joey (staring at the cake): Uh.. is it ok that I still think it looks delicious? Judy:(to Jack) Jack, look at this. Jack: I know what you're thinking Judy, the resemblance is uncanny! Ross: I am this close to tugging on my testicles again. Rachel (on the phone): No, no, this is not what I ordered.    Ok? I went all the way to New Jersey so that I could have the perfect cake for    my daughter’s birthday and I need a bunny cake, right now! Ross: Ask them if it would be faster if we cut the baby’s face off the    penis, so we can put it on the bunny. (pause). That is a weird sentence! Rachel: Oh! Believe you me! I am going to bring this cake back, I don't even    want it in my home... (Turns towards the cake and sees Joey trying to take a    piece and yells at him) Joey, don't touch it!! Joey: I'm so confused! Rachel: (speaking to the person on the phone again) Yes, yes. I still want    my daughters picture, but on a bunny cake. Yellow cake, chocolate frosting with    nuts! Chandler: To be fair this one does have nuts. (Time lapse) (Ross, Chandler and Monica are in the kitchen area) Ross: Hey Mon, that was really nice of you to loan Rachel your car so she could    go and get the cake. Monica: Oh. So nice of her to pull my hair, 'till I dropped the key!  Ross: Well, you know what? While we're waiting, you guys could tape your message    to Emma for her 18th birthday, huh? (takes the camcorder and points it at Monica    and Chandler) Ok! Chandler: Hi Emma! It's the year 2020. Are you still enjoying your nap? Monica: We're Aunt Monica and uncle Chandler, by the way.   You may not recognize us, because we haven't spoken to your parents in seventeen years! Chandler: We used to be married, but then we missed a weekend away together    and things kind of unraveled. Because of you! Happy Birthday. (Ross looks disappointed    and switches the camcorder off) Monica: Ross, Rachel promised it would be over by now. We seriously have to    go, if we want to get to Vermont. I called them and the last train leaves in    a half hour. Phoebe: And you know, I have a massage client soon. Ross: You guys, just please.. a little bit longer. I promise, Rachel will be    back with the cake any minute. Monica, remember.. the frosting? huh? Monica: Alright, 5 more minutes. (The phone rings, Ross picks up) Ross: (Into receiver) Hello? (listens) Oh no! What happened? (listens some    more) Ok ok, where are you? (Grabs a pen and starts writing). Ok, I'll be right    there. (Puts the phone down) Chandler: Was that Emma? Is she up?  Ross: No, Rachel got pulled over for speeding. She forgot    her licence so now I have to bring it to her. Phoebe: Well, if you're leaving, I'm definitely gonna go. Monica: No! Wait! If anybody gets to go.. it's us (Points at herself and Chandler)    We've been complaining the longest! Ross: No, wait ! You guys, no, no, you can't leave! Rachel already feels bad    that the cake's messed up. How do you think she's gonna feel when she comes    back here and all you guys are gone? Chandler: I don't know! You'll tell us on Monday!  Ross: Joey! You're in charge, ok? You make sure nobody leaves! (leaves) Joey: Got it! (Goes towards the front door   and stands with his back to it) Hey hey hey! (to Chandler) Where do you think you're going?  Chandler: To the bathroom! Joey: Alright, well the rest of you get comfortable, ok, because we're gonna    be here for a li...(stops and thinks) Wait a minute, there is a window in there! Phoebe: Oh no! He's not getting away that easy! (Phoebe and Joey run towards    the bathroom and enter) Chandler: (Yelling) What are you doing? Get the hell out of here! (Phoebe and    Joey come out looking shocked) Joey: Well, that one did not have Emma's face on it. Phoebe: No, it did not. Joey: No. Judy: Well, we better get going, it's late. Jack's not allowed to drive at    night anymore. He has trouble staying in his lane. Jack: Last winter I went up on a church lawn and drove right through a manger    scene. The papers thought it was a hate crime. Judy: Anyway, it was lovely seeing you. Joey: Ok! (Opens the door for them)  Judy: Bye... Bye dear. Joey: Nighty-night! Judy: Nighty-night! Joey: Bye, bye. Phoebe: Joey? How could you just let them leave? Joey: Hey, hey, hey, hey! I'm not gonna mess with Jack, he's a great man, he    fought for our country. Monica: No, he didn't! He pretended to be a Quaker to get out of Korea. Joey: (Shocked) Oh! Well that's it! He's the last one to go. I'm locking you    guys in. (turns the bolts of the door, thereby locking it) Chandler: You do know, I can just turn them the other way around, right? Joey: Oh! I forgot you used to live here! (The phone rings, Joey picks up) Joey: Hello? Estelle: (on the other side of the line) Joey! It's Estelle! Joey: Hey! (smiles) Estelle: So, how did your audition go today? Joey: (smile fades) What audition? Estelle: The one I told you about last week? Joey: What? You never said anything about an audition! Estelle: (Looks confused) Let me start over. I just got a call about an audition.    I think you can still make it. It's down at the Astor Theatre and you need to    have a monologue prepared. Joey: A monologue? I don't have.. (sees the book he was reading before for    his "dramatic reading") I got it. (hangs up) (announces to the room)    Aah! so... I'm gonna take off! Phoebe: Wh.. what? No wait, you don't get to leave! I've got a massage client    waiting outside my door any minute! Monica: Yeah, and we've paid for a room, that we're supposed to be in right    now! Phoebe: Well, oh, ok now... Only one of us has to stay with Emma. Ok, and as    the person who realized that, I get to go! Monica: No! no! Let's figure out a fair way to decide who's staying. Joey: Oh! I got it! Ok, everyone pick a number from one to ten. Alright? Whoever    gets the highest number gets to go first. Monica: (She gives Joey a you-are-so-stupid-look) Ok, ten. Joey: Okay, Monica picks ten, I call nine! Anyone else? Phoebe: No, lets just draw straws. Joey: Or.. we could flip a coin, and then multiply the.. Chandler: I'm begging you stop. Joey: Right. Monica: Ok, how about this: We got wind up toys for Emma for her birthday.    We can make them race, and whoever comes in last, stays! Phoebe: (Visibly excited) Yeah!! Let's do that! Chandler: (Also very excited) That sounds more fun than the thing we were going    to do in Vermont!  Monica: Everybody get your toys! (They all run toward the table with toys) Phoebe: Ok! I want the dolphin! Chandler: Thats a bear. Phoebe: I'm too excited! Monica: Phoebe, you get the bear, uhm, Joey, you get the robot, and Chandler    and I get the dog. Ok, and the race is going to go (Takes two cups and marks    the start and finish lines with them) from here to here. Now the one who comes    in last, stays! Joey: Ok, ladies and gentlemen, wind your toys! (they do so) Chandler: Ok, on your mark... Get set... GO!!! (Monica, Phoebe and Joey release their wind-up toys.) Phoebe: Go! Go! Joey: Come on robot! (Phoebe's bear takes the lead, followed by Joey's robot, and far behind is    Chandler and Monica's dog, which walks a few paces, stops and starts barking,    sits, walks again, and so on... ) Monica: (to the dog) What are you barking at? (While Phoebe's bear is still in the lead, it is now closely followed by Joey's    robot. Chandler and Monica's dog however, sits down, barking... and does a backflip.) Monica: Wha... How the hell is that gonna help? Chandler: I bought you. How did I forget that that's all you do? (Meanwhile the race has been won by Phoebe's bear, followed by Joey's robot) Joey: Way to go robot! Phoebe: Good job Alan! Joey: Hey, good race you guys. Phoebe: Yeah, see you later! (Joey and Phoebe leave for the door) Monica: No! No, no... wait! We didn't lose. (turns to Chandler) The rules clearly    stated that the last one to cross the finish line was the loser. Well, our dog    never crossed the finish line, so technically... Chandler: They left. (Monica turns to see the closed door.)  [ Scene: The freeway. Rachel is driving Monica's Porsche, while    using her mobile phone. Ross is sitting next to her.]  Rachel: (into the phone) No, there isn't time to go to the bakery. We're just    gonna come home... Everybody left? Alright, well just tell Emma we're gonna    be there as soon as we can. (emotionally) Bye... (She hangs up, closes her phone, turns around and puts it in her bag which    is in the back of the car. While doing this and not looking at the road, she    turns the steering wheel by accident, which makes the car swerve.) Ross: RACHEL! Rachel: OOH! God! Sorry! Ross: (sarcastically) I can't believe they gave you a ticket. You're such a    good driver. (Ross fastens his seat belt.) Rachel: Emma's awake. Ross: Yeah? Rachel: I can't believe this. This is her first birthday. She's awake. We're    not even there. Everybody left. We still have this stupid obscene cake. Ross: Hey, maybe I can fix that, you know. Try to turn it into something else.    (he opens the box) Rachel: Oh, why do you even bother? I already ruined her first birthday...    And do you know how important these early experiences are Ross? Very! According    to the back cover of that book that you gave me. Ross: Rach, she's not going to remember this. Rachel: (shakes her head) I guess... Oh, I just had such an idea of what this    day would be like, you know? Emma laughing and everybody gathered around her    cake singing "Happy Birthday". Then we would all go into... HEY GET    OUT OF THE ROAD YOU STUPID STUDENT DRIVER!!! (honks furiously, and Ross looks    at her in disbelief and Rachel looks at him.) They have to learn! Ross: (looks back at the cake) Hey! Rachel: What? Ross: It's not bad. Rachel: (she looks at the cake) Oh my God! Look what... you made it into a    bunny. How did you do that? Ross: Well, I just made these two things uhm... cheeks. And then I split this    to make ears. Rachel: Well, I'm very impressed. Ross: Some can sing, some can dance. I apparently can turn phallic cakes into    woodland creatures.  [ Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment. Chandler, Monica and Emma    are sitting on the floor, and Emma's stuffed animals are lined up in front of    them.]  Monica: Now another way to organise your stuffed animals, is by size. Chandler: I'm sorry, is this a game for Emma or for Monica? Monica: Game? Chandler: Emma, you even know it's your birthday today? You're one! One-year-old,    that's little. (With his index finger he shows her how old she is. Emma also points her finger    and babbles...) Chandler: Ooh! That's my girl! Monica: That's how old you are. Chandler: Did I teach her that? Did I just... impart wisdom? Monica: (embraces Emma tightly) Ooh, I want one... Chandler: Me too... (There's a couple of seconds of silence. Then Chandler looks around...) Chandler: There's no-one around. Why don't we just take this one? Monica: ...and head to Canada! Chandler: I was kidding. Monica: I wasn't. Let's get going! (Phoebe enters the apartment again.) Phoebe: Hey, are Ross and Rachel back? Chandler: No, not yet. Phoebe: Oh good, I didn't miss the party. Monica: What about your massage client? Phoebe: I just felt so bad, missing this. So I just slipped him a little something,    you know. As long as I'm back in five or six hours, it will be alright. (Joey comes running into the apartment, out of breath.) Joey: Okay, if Ross and Rachel ask, I've been here the whole time. THE WHOLE    TIME! (Ross and Rachel enter.) Joey: (to Ross and Rachel) I've been here the whole time! Ross: Joey, we just saw you come in. You ran past us on the stairs. Rachel: I don't care that you left. I'm just glad that you're here. Thanks    you guys! Chandler: Hey, guys! Come on! You gotta see what Emma just did. Rachel: What? Chandler: Emma, how old are you? How old are you today? (holds up his index    finger again) Emma: Wo-ish. (and holds up her finger) (Ross and Rachel gasp) Rachel: Oh! Emma, that's right! You're that many! Ross: Oh my God! Our daughter's a genius! Rach, this means... Rachel: (angrily) NO, no science camp! Ross: Damnit! I'll put a candle on the cake. Rachel: Oh!... Oh and Emma, look at your stuffed animals lined up so neatly! Monica: Thanks! Ross: Okay, here we go! Emma's first birthday cake... Well hey... well, blow    out the candle. Come on Emma. Chandler: Let's do it, come on! (Rachel wipes away some tears.) Ross: What's wrong? Are you okay? Rachel: Oh yeah, nothing! These are happy tears! This is just what I wanted. Phoebe: (pointing at cake) Hey, you made it into a bunny. Joey: What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it    was a penis.  ENDING CREDITS   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel.    They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front    of the camera.] Rachel: Okay. Ross: Okay, you ready? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: A-a-and... record. Rachel: Okay. (they both look into the camera, and Ross waves.) Hi Emma. Well,    your first birthday is over, and it was really... (There's a lot of yelling and screaming coming from the hallway, and they get    up to look at what's the noise all about. In the hallway, Monica, Chandler,    Joey and Phoebe are having another wind-up animal race, yelling and screaming    fanatically.) Phoebe: (yelling at the top of her voice) Go, go, go Alan! Run you, hairy bastard!   end    
Monica: (she enters) Hey guys!
Monica: That place in Vermont? You can  take   a hint!
Monica: Well, can't you just have the party when we get back?
Monica: Well, I'm sorry, but Chandler and I could really use a weekend away.    You know, to reconnect... emotionally.
Monica: All right, we'll stay. We can just drive up after the party.
Monica: Believe me, that is not why we won't    be doing that! 
Monica: Hey!
Monica: All right... you're right. We're sorry. Now let's wake up Emma and    get the fun time started!
Monica: Are you freaking kidding me, Green?
Monica: So glad you came!
Monica: I can't believe Emma is still asleep!
Monica: I've got a plan. I've got a plan. I'm going to ram this platter really    hard into your ribs. You're gonna scream out and that'll wake her up!
Monica: Oh my God, that place has the creamiest frosting! I use to hitchhike    there when I was a kid.
Monica: Oh, did you do a picture of Emma?
Monica: Oh. So nice of her to pull my hair, 'till I dropped the key! 
Monica: We're Aunt Monica and uncle Chandler, by the way.   You may not recognize us, because we haven't spoken to your parents in seventeen years!
Monica: Ross, Rachel promised it would be over by now. We seriously have to    go, if we want to get to Vermont. I called them and the last train leaves in    a half hour.
Monica: Alright, 5 more minutes.
Monica: No! Wait! If anybody gets to go.. it's us (Points at herself and Chandler)    We've been complaining the longest!
Monica: No, he didn't! He pretended to be a Quaker to get out of Korea.
Monica: Yeah, and we've paid for a room, that we're supposed to be in right    now!
Monica: No! no! Let's figure out a fair way to decide who's staying.
Monica: (She gives Joey a you-are-so-stupid-look) Ok, ten.
Monica: Ok, how about this: We got wind up toys for Emma for her birthday.    We can make them race, and whoever comes in last, stays!
Monica: Everybody get your toys! (They all run toward the table with toys)
Monica: Phoebe, you get the bear, uhm, Joey, you get the robot, and Chandler    and I get the dog. Ok, and the race is going to go (Takes two cups and marks    the start and finish lines with them) from here to here. Now the one who comes    in last, stays!
Monica: (to the dog) What are you barking at?
Monica: Wha... How the hell is that gonna help?
Monica: No! No, no... wait! We didn't lose. (turns to Chandler) The rules clearly    stated that the last one to cross the finish line was the loser. Well, our dog    never crossed the finish line, so technically...
 Rachel: (into the phone) No, there isn't time to go to the bakery. We're just    gonna come home... Everybody left? Alright, well just tell Emma we're gonna    be there as soon as we can. (emotionally) Bye... (She hangs up, closes her phone, turns around and puts it in her bag which    is in the back of the car. While doing this and not looking at the road, she    turns the steering wheel by accident, which makes the car swerve.) Ross: RACHEL! Rachel: OOH! God! Sorry! Ross: (sarcastically) I can't believe they gave you a ticket. You're such a    good driver. (Ross fastens his seat belt.) Rachel: Emma's awake. Ross: Yeah? Rachel: I can't believe this. This is her first birthday. She's awake. We're    not even there. Everybody left. We still have this stupid obscene cake. Ross: Hey, maybe I can fix that, you know. Try to turn it into something else.    (he opens the box) Rachel: Oh, why do you even bother? I already ruined her first birthday...    And do you know how important these early experiences are Ross? Very! According    to the back cover of that book that you gave me. Ross: Rach, she's not going to remember this. Rachel: (shakes her head) I guess... Oh, I just had such an idea of what this    day would be like, you know? Emma laughing and everybody gathered around her    cake singing "Happy Birthday". Then we would all go into... HEY GET    OUT OF THE ROAD YOU STUPID STUDENT DRIVER!!! (honks furiously, and Ross looks    at her in disbelief and Rachel looks at him.) They have to learn! Ross: (looks back at the cake) Hey! Rachel: What? Ross: It's not bad. Rachel: (she looks at the cake) Oh my God! Look what... you made it into a    bunny. How did you do that? Ross: Well, I just made these two things uhm... cheeks. And then I split this    to make ears. Rachel: Well, I'm very impressed. Ross: Some can sing, some can dance. I apparently can turn phallic cakes into    woodland creatures.  [ Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment. Chandler, Monica and Emma    are sitting on the floor, and Emma's stuffed animals are lined up in front of    them.]  Monica: Now another way to organise your stuffed animals, is by size. Chandler: I'm sorry, is this a game for Emma or for Monica? Monica: Game? Chandler: Emma, you even know it's your birthday today? You're one! One-year-old,    that's little. (With his index finger he shows her how old she is. Emma also points her finger    and babbles...) Chandler: Ooh! That's my girl! Monica: That's how old you are. Chandler: Did I teach her that? Did I just... impart wisdom? Monica: (embraces Emma tightly) Ooh, I want one... Chandler: Me too... (There's a couple of seconds of silence. Then Chandler looks around...) Chandler: There's no-one around. Why don't we just take this one? Monica: ...and head to Canada! Chandler: I was kidding. Monica: I wasn't. Let's get going! (Phoebe enters the apartment again.) Phoebe: Hey, are Ross and Rachel back? Chandler: No, not yet. Phoebe: Oh good, I didn't miss the party. Monica: What about your massage client? Phoebe: I just felt so bad, missing this. So I just slipped him a little something,    you know. As long as I'm back in five or six hours, it will be alright. (Joey comes running into the apartment, out of breath.) Joey: Okay, if Ross and Rachel ask, I've been here the whole time. THE WHOLE    TIME! (Ross and Rachel enter.) Joey: (to Ross and Rachel) I've been here the whole time! Ross: Joey, we just saw you come in. You ran past us on the stairs. Rachel: I don't care that you left. I'm just glad that you're here. Thanks    you guys! Chandler: Hey, guys! Come on! You gotta see what Emma just did. Rachel: What? Chandler: Emma, how old are you? How old are you today? (holds up his index    finger again) Emma: Wo-ish. (and holds up her finger) (Ross and Rachel gasp) Rachel: Oh! Emma, that's right! You're that many! Ross: Oh my God! Our daughter's a genius! Rach, this means... Rachel: (angrily) NO, no science camp! Ross: Damnit! I'll put a candle on the cake. Rachel: Oh!... Oh and Emma, look at your stuffed animals lined up so neatly! Monica: Thanks! Ross: Okay, here we go! Emma's first birthday cake... Well hey... well, blow    out the candle. Come on Emma. Chandler: Let's do it, come on! (Rachel wipes away some tears.) Ross: What's wrong? Are you okay? Rachel: Oh yeah, nothing! These are happy tears! This is just what I wanted. Phoebe: (pointing at cake) Hey, you made it into a bunny. Joey: What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it    was a penis.  ENDING CREDITS   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel.    They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front    of the camera.] Rachel: Okay. Ross: Okay, you ready? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: A-a-and... record. Rachel: Okay. (they both look into the camera, and Ross waves.) Hi Emma. Well,    your first birthday is over, and it was really... (There's a lot of yelling and screaming coming from the hallway, and they get    up to look at what's the noise all about. In the hallway, Monica, Chandler,    Joey and Phoebe are having another wind-up animal race, yelling and screaming    fanatically.) Phoebe: (yelling at the top of her voice) Go, go, go Alan! Run you, hairy bastard!   end    
 Monica: Now another way to organise your stuffed animals, is by size. Chandler: I'm sorry, is this a game for Emma or for Monica? Monica: Game? Chandler: Emma, you even know it's your birthday today? You're one! One-year-old,    that's little. (With his index finger he shows her how old she is. Emma also points her finger    and babbles...) Chandler: Ooh! That's my girl! Monica: That's how old you are. Chandler: Did I teach her that? Did I just... impart wisdom? Monica: (embraces Emma tightly) Ooh, I want one... Chandler: Me too... (There's a couple of seconds of silence. Then Chandler looks around...) Chandler: There's no-one around. Why don't we just take this one? Monica: ...and head to Canada! Chandler: I was kidding. Monica: I wasn't. Let's get going! (Phoebe enters the apartment again.) Phoebe: Hey, are Ross and Rachel back? Chandler: No, not yet. Phoebe: Oh good, I didn't miss the party. Monica: What about your massage client? Phoebe: I just felt so bad, missing this. So I just slipped him a little something,    you know. As long as I'm back in five or six hours, it will be alright. (Joey comes running into the apartment, out of breath.) Joey: Okay, if Ross and Rachel ask, I've been here the whole time. THE WHOLE    TIME! (Ross and Rachel enter.) Joey: (to Ross and Rachel) I've been here the whole time! Ross: Joey, we just saw you come in. You ran past us on the stairs. Rachel: I don't care that you left. I'm just glad that you're here. Thanks    you guys! Chandler: Hey, guys! Come on! You gotta see what Emma just did. Rachel: What? Chandler: Emma, how old are you? How old are you today? (holds up his index    finger again) Emma: Wo-ish. (and holds up her finger) (Ross and Rachel gasp) Rachel: Oh! Emma, that's right! You're that many! Ross: Oh my God! Our daughter's a genius! Rach, this means... Rachel: (angrily) NO, no science camp! Ross: Damnit! I'll put a candle on the cake. Rachel: Oh!... Oh and Emma, look at your stuffed animals lined up so neatly! Monica: Thanks! Ross: Okay, here we go! Emma's first birthday cake... Well hey... well, blow    out the candle. Come on Emma. Chandler: Let's do it, come on! (Rachel wipes away some tears.) Ross: What's wrong? Are you okay? Rachel: Oh yeah, nothing! These are happy tears! This is just what I wanted. Phoebe: (pointing at cake) Hey, you made it into a bunny. Joey: What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it    was a penis.  ENDING CREDITS   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel.    They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front    of the camera.] Rachel: Okay. Ross: Okay, you ready? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: A-a-and... record. Rachel: Okay. (they both look into the camera, and Ross waves.) Hi Emma. Well,    your first birthday is over, and it was really... (There's a lot of yelling and screaming coming from the hallway, and they get    up to look at what's the noise all about. In the hallway, Monica, Chandler,    Joey and Phoebe are having another wind-up animal race, yelling and screaming    fanatically.) Phoebe: (yelling at the top of her voice) Go, go, go Alan! Run you, hairy bastard!   end    
Monica: Game?
Monica: That's how old you are.
Monica: (embraces Emma tightly) Ooh, I want one...
Monica: ...and head to Canada!
Monica: I wasn't. Let's get going!
Monica: What about your massage client?
Monica: Thanks!
Written by: Dana Klein   Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa [Scene: Central Perk]   Rachel: You know, I'm thinking about letting Emma have her    first cookie. Joey: Her first cookie? She has cookies all the time! Rachel: I've never given her a cookie. Have you? Joey: No! No... and, for the record, I've also never given her a frosting from    a can! Monica: Hey Rach, the adoption agency needs letters of recommendation and we    were wondering if you would write one for us. Rachel: Of course, I'd be honored! Chandler: Thanks! Monica: Thank you! (Joey looks at them, disappointed about their decision) Joey: U-U-Um, I think there's been an oversight. Chandler: Joey, we would've asked you, we just thought you wouldn't be interested. Monica: Yeah, it's just we don't think of you as really being so much "with    the words". Joey: Whoo-weh hey weh-hey whoo hey!! Monica: Clearly we were wrong. Joey: I gotta a lot of nice stuff to say about you guys, ok? And I know how    much you wanna have a baby, you know, and I would love to help you get one. Monica: You know what? Then, Joey, we want you to do it. Joey: Thank you! Alright, let me see how I'm gonna start... "Dear baby    adoption decider people..." Chandler: So excited about your letter! (Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Hey! All: Hey Phoebe! Joey: Hey! Monica: Wow! Don't you look nice?! Phoebe: Yes, I do! Today is Mike and my one-year anniversary. Rachel: OH! What's it the anniversary of? Your first date, your first kiss,    first time you had sex... Phoebe: YEAH! Chandler: So you must be going to somewhere fancy to celebrate? Phoebe: Uh-uh. Ehm, a Knicks game. Joey: Uhm... Aren't you a little overdressed? Phoebe: Hey, you know what, I've never had a one-year anniversary before, so    no matter where we go, I'm wearing something fancy pants, and... I'm gonna put    on my finest jewelry and we're gonna have sex in a public rest room. Monica: You guys do that? Chandler won't even have sex in our bathroom! Chandler: That's where people make number two!!  OPENING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross' apartment. Ross is grading papers. Charlie approaches    him.]   Charlie: Hey! (They kiss and cuddle a little) Ross: Hey... Charlie: So, you know... I have a little time. If you... if you want to... Ross: (surprised) Oh... (he pauses) (sounds disappointed) Ohh... I'd love to    but I really have to grade these papers. Charlie: Fine, it's fine... (she whispers) I'll just shower by myself... Ross: (Writing on the papers) B, B, B, B, B! Charlie: Oh, Ross, you gave a B to a Pottery Barn catalogue. Ross: Well, it had some good ideas, take off your shirt. (they start kissing but someone knocks at the door) Ross: Damnit! Amy: (yelling from outside) Rachel!! Open up!! It's your sister!! (she knocks    on the door again) I have to talk to you!! Ross: (he opens the door) Hi Amy! Amy: You're not Rachel. Ross: Still sharp as a tack! Amy: Um... Charlie, this is Rachel's sister Amy. Amy, this is Charlie. Charlie: Hi! Amy: Hi! Charlie: Nice to meet you. Amy: H-Hi!!(to Ross) And you are...? Ross: (pause) Ross? I... I grew up on your block! We had Thanksgiving together    last year... I had a baby with your sister! Amy: (looks confused) N-no... uhm... did I buy a falafel from you yesterday? Ross: (gives up) Yes, yes, you did.   [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment]   (Ross enters the apartment with Amy) Ross: Hi Rachel! Here's your sister Amy! She thinks I need   pec implants!   Rachel: Amy! Hi! Oh-oh-hoh! (they hug) Wow! You remember Joey? Amy: Yeah! Hey, sure! The "Days of Our Lives" guy! Joey: That's right, yeah. Amy: You're not good! Joey: Always nice to meet a fan! Rachel: So now, what are you doing here? Amy: Well, I have huge news. Rachel: (Emma starts crying in the other room) Oh sorry, hold on. Let me just    check on the baby! Amy: Wait, this is important! Can Ella wait? (Rachel goes to Emma) Ross: Ehm... Her name is Emma. Amy: Why did you change it, Ella was so much prettier! Ross: What do I know? I just sell Middle Eastern food from a cart! Amy: Hey, your English is getting better!! Ross: (to Joey) Oh my God! Joey: I know, she may be the hottest girl I've ever hated. Ross: What... what you working on? Joey: (using a laptop) Oh, Monica and Chandler's recommendation. I want it    to sound smart but.. I don't know any big words or anything, so... Ross: Why don't you use your Thesaurus? Joey: What did I just say? Ross: Watch. (he takes the laptop) Here, you ehm... You highlight the word    you want to change.   Go under Tools and the Thesaurus generates... 'gives'... 'gives' a whole list    of choices. You can pick the word that sounds smartest. Joey: Oh my God, that's great! I'm smart!! No, no, I'm... (he uses the Thesaurus)    "brainy, bright, clever", I love this thing! Look out ladies, Joey    Tribbiani's got the whole package!!   [Scene: Rachel's room. Rachel is attending to Emma. Amy is standing    behind her.]    Rachel: God! Amy: So beautiful. Rachel: Oh, I know, isn't she? Amy: No, I was talking about your bedding. Rachel: All right. What's your news, Amy? Amy: Oh! Um... Well... I'm getting married. Rachel: What? Oh my God! To who? Amy: This guy! He has a killer apartment. Rachel: A-And?? Amy: A-And it's on Fifth. And the elevator opens up right into the living room. Rachel: No, what's he like? Amy: Oh! He's ok. Do you remember my old boyfriend Mark? Rachel: Yeah. Amy: It's his dad. Rachel: Huh... wow, so he's gotta be... Amy: Old? Yeah! But he travels a lot, so he's hardly ever there. Rachel: Sweety, I gotta tell ya... it sounds a little bit like you like the    apartment more than you like... Amy: Myron. Hmm... I told you he was old! Rachel: Oh... sit down, sit down. Oh, honey, you know, I once also almost married    somebody that I didn’t love. Do you remember Barry? Amy: Humpf, remember him? How we used to make out all the time after you went    to sleep. Rachel: Sometimes just nodding is ok. (pause) Uhm, so but   anyway, listen, not marrying Barry was the best decision that I ever, ever   made. Honey, you deserve   true love. Your soulmate is out there, somewhere. Someone that is your age,   that is smart, that is fun and that you care about! Amy: (thinks about it) You’re right, you’re right! I’m gonna    do it! Rachel: Ok. Amy: I’m gonna marry Myron and keep looking   for Mr Right. Rachel: Ok, let’s keep talking.   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Mike and Phoebe are walking to    their seats.]   Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. (looking    at her ticket). Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my    seat. It's my anniversary. (to Mike) Here we are! (Mike nods). Can’t believe    it's been a whole year!  Mike: I know. This has been the best year... (the crowd starts cheering so    he starts yelling) THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND (crowd stops cheering) YOU'RE    AMAZING IN BED (everyone hears it and stare at them.) (to everybody) IT’S    OUR ANNIVERSARY! Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. (on the    screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes    on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her) Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. Mike: Really? Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! Mike: (looks strangely shocked) Excuse me... (he leaves, then Phoebe realizes  what she did).   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room]   Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to    Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the    longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. Chandler: (reading) I don’t... uh... understand. Joey: (sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated    for ya? Monica: (also reading it) It doesn’t make any sense. Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! Chandler: On every word? Joey: Yep! Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? (shows the sentence to    Joey) Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens    with full sized aortic pumps...? Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. Joey: Why not? Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani (Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that'    look). Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just    be yourself! Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from  here, (points at his own heart) your full sized aortic pump.   [Scene: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel    opens the door.]   Rachel: Amy, hi! Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. Rachel: Oh, good for you!  Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. (Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does    not notice the huge amount of bags) Joey: Ah, look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH,    WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! Joey: What? Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! (she snaps her finger and points at Joey,  snaps her fingers again and points to the bags) Come on!   [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room    and Joey comes out of his room.]   Joey: You slept out here? Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get    off!’ Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re    getting rid of her. Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping    Amy badly) "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!"    I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think    it’s really good that she’s here. Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was    a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of    me. Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t    think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys.    See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna    take patience, but that’s ok. Amy: Good morning. Joey: Yeaah. Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why    I hung it on the door. Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time    for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. (points    at her eyebrows) I am not happy. (to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands)    Oh... sure you wanna eat that? Joey: (yelling at her) I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!   [Scene: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler    are there, Phoebe enters the room]   Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote    me a rap song. Ross: Seriously? Chandler: Word! Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. Rachel: Well, what happened? Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the    big screen thing... Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning    on proposing to me that same way last night! Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna    propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean,    I said no in Barbados and now this! Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... (stops himself   mid-sentence...everyone stares at him) Did I just say if I were a   guy..? Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to    him! Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? Monica: I proposed to Chandler! (Phoebe stops herself from laughing) Alright,    moving on... Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! Monica: Thank you. Phoebe: (To Rachel and Ross) Well, do you think   I should propose? Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? Rachel: (Sarcastically) Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? (claps her hands    together, faking excitement) Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to,    plus he'd never suspect it! Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two (points    to Ross and Chandler) like that? Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think?  (Amy walks in carrying a phone handset) Amy: (To Rachel) Nana is on the phone (Hands the phone over to Rachel) Rachel: (Takes the phone) Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years    ago!! Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? Rachel: (Into the phone) Hello? (announces to Amy) Oh, it's our nanny! (goes    back to the phone conversation) Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye!    (Hangs up) (To Ross) That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had?    Because my throat's been hurting? Rachel: Menstrual cramps. Ross: I don't think that's what this is. Rachel: (To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe) Can any of you watch Emma? Monica: No, sorry sweety.. Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. Rachel: (To Ross) Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? Amy: Well, I can do it. Rachel: (Thinks for a moment) Well, actually...  Ross: (He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other    side of the room) Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. Rachel: Why not? Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!  Rachel: (Defends Amy) Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. Rachel: (Shocked) Wha... the next one? Ross: (a little confused) Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge    breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! Ross: I... I don't know.. Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows (points    at her own to emphasize the word) shaped to do this alright? Do you understand    how important that is in our world? (Amy approaches from behind) Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to...    Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's    been so wonderful to me... (looks at hem pleadingly) (Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently) Rachel: Absolutely. Amy: (very excited) Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? (Ross just gives up  and leaves)   [Scene: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk    in.]   Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. (Chandler and Monica look shocked) Monica: You dropped it off? Joey: Yeah. Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to    hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked) Monica: You hand-wrote it? Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at   all! See ya later! (Leaves) Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our    file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples    that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? (Takes out his mobile) I'll just    call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. (starts dialing) Monica: Okay good. Chandler: (on the phone) Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped    off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. (listens) Uh-huh... Uh-huh...    okay... thank you. Good-bye. (hangs up looking very confused). Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way    to the bird store. Chandler: (Still looks confused) They loved it. Monica: What? Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a   child write the recommendation letter. Monica: (surprised) They thought Joey was a child? Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings. (Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller) Amy: Hi! Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. Chandler: That sounds like fun. Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. (Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma) Rachel: (To Emma) Hey! Hi, how's my girl? Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? Rachel: (sounds excited) Yeah! (Amy takes off Emma's hat) Amy: Ta-daaa! (Rachel looks at Emma) Rachel: (not excited anymore) You pierced her ears!? Amy: (Very excited about it) Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? (Rachel looks very shocked) COMMERCIAL BREAK  Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me?  Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would    it? Chandler: I think she looks cute. (Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily)    ... but I am wrong! Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? Rachel: Ugh. (takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it) (Ross enters) Ross: Hey guys.   Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see.    (Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him). Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see.  Ross: Why not? Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was    in a milk carton but it looked like meat? Ross: Come here (Removes Emma's hat) Oh! There she is! Hi! (Rachel looks worried) Ross: (sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him) What? Rachel: Nothing. Ross: (Back to Emma) Hi! (Looks at her) What... (Moves the stroller away from    him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he    realizes the difference and gasps). Please tell me those are clip-ons.  Rachel: Oh, they're real! Ross: Did she (points at Amy) do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have    left Emma with her! Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. (To Amy)   You are soo irresponsible   I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs    to have a cool fun aunt! Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! Amy: (Sarcastically) O-Okay! Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure    out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going    to do with my life. Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. Rachel: (looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief) What? Ross: That's not a thing! Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what    colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... Rachel: (shouting) Babies don't care if they're slim. Amy: Enter Amy! Ross: (very angry) Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... Amy: What? What are you gonna do? Ross: (pointing at Amy, shouting) No more falafel for you! (Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant  and looks at Ross who gestures "later".)   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the    game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.]   Mike: Great game, huh? Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... (seems distracted) Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. (looking up) Please let the Knicks win... Thank    you Thor! (Mike is standing up) Where... where are you going? Mike: Going go to the bathroom. Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. Mike: Why? Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the    nutrients. Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. (We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then    we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of    Mike.) Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? (Mike looks bewildered) Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing   to him. Guess we know who wears the pants in that family.   (people are laughing, while   Mike still seems bewildered) Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! (There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand    in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him) Phoebe: Hey, hey! (shouting) Boo us? Boo you!   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone    rings.]   Joey: (picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani...    Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home    right now... (looks puzzled) Okay, bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was    nice! (Rachel and Amy enter) Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! Joey: Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachel's room) Amy: You're kicking me out?  Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl! Rachel: (gasps) I can't believe I ever even tried to help   you. You are so  beyond help. Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. Rachel: Excuse me? Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then,    I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws (frantically pointing    at her nose) And suddenly I am the bad guy? Rachel: (yelling) Joey, where are those bags? Joey: (Yelling from Rachel's room) She has a lot of crap! Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great.    Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without    that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... Rachel: (doesn't believe what she's hearing) Seriously? Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. Rachel: Hips or thighs? Amy: Ass and face. Rachel: (gasps) Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking    about real stuff. Rachel: (embarrassed) Oh, I can give you that. Amy: You can? Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're...    you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. Amy: (touched) Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. Rachel: Did you just say Emma? Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella.  [Scene: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.]   Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking    about. Mike, obviously you have balls. Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. Phoebe: (the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table) I would love it. Consider    it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose,    I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball    game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who    hides it in the cake. (Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.) Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? Mike: (puts on a fake smile) Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? (he    takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin) Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm    sorry! Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and    all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my    life with you. (Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face) Mike: I'm gonna do this now. Phoebe: Oh my God! (Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.) Mike: Phoebe, I... Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! (she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring    finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then...) Oh no! (She was    wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.) Mike: Ready? Phoebe: Uh-huh! (and now Mike kneels properly) Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry    me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow    old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? Phoebe: Yes! (Mike puts the ring on her finger) Mike: I love you! Phoebe: I love you more! Mike: Not possible! (they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...) She's gonna    be Mrs. No Balls. (They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.) COMMERCIAL BREAK   [Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are    walking on the sidewalk.]   Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies    are ugly.  Rachel: That's shocking! Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! (She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand,    whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair.) Hello-oo Ross! (to    Rachel) He's rude! THE END     
Monica: Hey Rach, the adoption agency needs letters of recommendation and we    were wondering if you would write one for us.
Monica: Thank you!
Monica: Yeah, it's just we don't think of you as really being so much "with    the words".
Monica: Clearly we were wrong.
Monica: You know what? Then, Joey, we want you to do it.
Monica: Wow! Don't you look nice?!
Monica: You guys do that? Chandler won't even have sex in our bathroom!
   Rachel: God! Amy: So beautiful. Rachel: Oh, I know, isn't she? Amy: No, I was talking about your bedding. Rachel: All right. What's your news, Amy? Amy: Oh! Um... Well... I'm getting married. Rachel: What? Oh my God! To who? Amy: This guy! He has a killer apartment. Rachel: A-And?? Amy: A-And it's on Fifth. And the elevator opens up right into the living room. Rachel: No, what's he like? Amy: Oh! He's ok. Do you remember my old boyfriend Mark? Rachel: Yeah. Amy: It's his dad. Rachel: Huh... wow, so he's gotta be... Amy: Old? Yeah! But he travels a lot, so he's hardly ever there. Rachel: Sweety, I gotta tell ya... it sounds a little bit like you like the    apartment more than you like... Amy: Myron. Hmm... I told you he was old! Rachel: Oh... sit down, sit down. Oh, honey, you know, I once also almost married    somebody that I didn’t love. Do you remember Barry? Amy: Humpf, remember him? How we used to make out all the time after you went    to sleep. Rachel: Sometimes just nodding is ok. (pause) Uhm, so but   anyway, listen, not marrying Barry was the best decision that I ever, ever   made. Honey, you deserve   true love. Your soulmate is out there, somewhere. Someone that is your age,   that is smart, that is fun and that you care about! Amy: (thinks about it) You’re right, you’re right! I’m gonna    do it! Rachel: Ok. Amy: I’m gonna marry Myron and keep looking   for Mr Right. Rachel: Ok, let’s keep talking.   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Mike and Phoebe are walking to    their seats.]   Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. (looking    at her ticket). Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my    seat. It's my anniversary. (to Mike) Here we are! (Mike nods). Can’t believe    it's been a whole year!  Mike: I know. This has been the best year... (the crowd starts cheering so    he starts yelling) THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND (crowd stops cheering) YOU'RE    AMAZING IN BED (everyone hears it and stare at them.) (to everybody) IT’S    OUR ANNIVERSARY! Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. (on the    screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes    on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her) Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. Mike: Really? Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! Mike: (looks strangely shocked) Excuse me... (he leaves, then Phoebe realizes  what she did).   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room]   Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to    Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the    longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. Chandler: (reading) I don’t... uh... understand. Joey: (sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated    for ya? Monica: (also reading it) It doesn’t make any sense. Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! Chandler: On every word? Joey: Yep! Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? (shows the sentence to    Joey) Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens    with full sized aortic pumps...? Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. Joey: Why not? Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani (Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that'    look). Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just    be yourself! Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from  here, (points at his own heart) your full sized aortic pump.   [Scene: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel    opens the door.]   Rachel: Amy, hi! Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. Rachel: Oh, good for you!  Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. (Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does    not notice the huge amount of bags) Joey: Ah, look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH,    WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! Joey: What? Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! (she snaps her finger and points at Joey,  snaps her fingers again and points to the bags) Come on!   [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room    and Joey comes out of his room.]   Joey: You slept out here? Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get    off!’ Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re    getting rid of her. Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping    Amy badly) "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!"    I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think    it’s really good that she’s here. Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was    a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of    me. Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t    think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys.    See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna    take patience, but that’s ok. Amy: Good morning. Joey: Yeaah. Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why    I hung it on the door. Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time    for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. (points    at her eyebrows) I am not happy. (to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands)    Oh... sure you wanna eat that? Joey: (yelling at her) I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!   [Scene: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler    are there, Phoebe enters the room]   Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote    me a rap song. Ross: Seriously? Chandler: Word! Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. Rachel: Well, what happened? Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the    big screen thing... Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning    on proposing to me that same way last night! Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna    propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean,    I said no in Barbados and now this! Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... (stops himself   mid-sentence...everyone stares at him) Did I just say if I were a   guy..? Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to    him! Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? Monica: I proposed to Chandler! (Phoebe stops herself from laughing) Alright,    moving on... Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! Monica: Thank you. Phoebe: (To Rachel and Ross) Well, do you think   I should propose? Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? Rachel: (Sarcastically) Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? (claps her hands    together, faking excitement) Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to,    plus he'd never suspect it! Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two (points    to Ross and Chandler) like that? Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think?  (Amy walks in carrying a phone handset) Amy: (To Rachel) Nana is on the phone (Hands the phone over to Rachel) Rachel: (Takes the phone) Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years    ago!! Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? Rachel: (Into the phone) Hello? (announces to Amy) Oh, it's our nanny! (goes    back to the phone conversation) Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye!    (Hangs up) (To Ross) That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had?    Because my throat's been hurting? Rachel: Menstrual cramps. Ross: I don't think that's what this is. Rachel: (To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe) Can any of you watch Emma? Monica: No, sorry sweety.. Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. Rachel: (To Ross) Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? Amy: Well, I can do it. Rachel: (Thinks for a moment) Well, actually...  Ross: (He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other    side of the room) Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. Rachel: Why not? Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!  Rachel: (Defends Amy) Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. Rachel: (Shocked) Wha... the next one? Ross: (a little confused) Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge    breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! Ross: I... I don't know.. Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows (points    at her own to emphasize the word) shaped to do this alright? Do you understand    how important that is in our world? (Amy approaches from behind) Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to...    Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's    been so wonderful to me... (looks at hem pleadingly) (Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently) Rachel: Absolutely. Amy: (very excited) Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? (Ross just gives up  and leaves)   [Scene: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk    in.]   Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. (Chandler and Monica look shocked) Monica: You dropped it off? Joey: Yeah. Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to    hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked) Monica: You hand-wrote it? Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at   all! See ya later! (Leaves) Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our    file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples    that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? (Takes out his mobile) I'll just    call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. (starts dialing) Monica: Okay good. Chandler: (on the phone) Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped    off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. (listens) Uh-huh... Uh-huh...    okay... thank you. Good-bye. (hangs up looking very confused). Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way    to the bird store. Chandler: (Still looks confused) They loved it. Monica: What? Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a   child write the recommendation letter. Monica: (surprised) They thought Joey was a child? Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings. (Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller) Amy: Hi! Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. Chandler: That sounds like fun. Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. (Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma) Rachel: (To Emma) Hey! Hi, how's my girl? Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? Rachel: (sounds excited) Yeah! (Amy takes off Emma's hat) Amy: Ta-daaa! (Rachel looks at Emma) Rachel: (not excited anymore) You pierced her ears!? Amy: (Very excited about it) Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? (Rachel looks very shocked) COMMERCIAL BREAK  Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me?  Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would    it? Chandler: I think she looks cute. (Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily)    ... but I am wrong! Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? Rachel: Ugh. (takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it) (Ross enters) Ross: Hey guys.   Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see.    (Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him). Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see.  Ross: Why not? Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was    in a milk carton but it looked like meat? Ross: Come here (Removes Emma's hat) Oh! There she is! Hi! (Rachel looks worried) Ross: (sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him) What? Rachel: Nothing. Ross: (Back to Emma) Hi! (Looks at her) What... (Moves the stroller away from    him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he    realizes the difference and gasps). Please tell me those are clip-ons.  Rachel: Oh, they're real! Ross: Did she (points at Amy) do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have    left Emma with her! Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. (To Amy)   You are soo irresponsible   I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs    to have a cool fun aunt! Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! Amy: (Sarcastically) O-Okay! Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure    out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going    to do with my life. Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. Rachel: (looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief) What? Ross: That's not a thing! Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what    colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... Rachel: (shouting) Babies don't care if they're slim. Amy: Enter Amy! Ross: (very angry) Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... Amy: What? What are you gonna do? Ross: (pointing at Amy, shouting) No more falafel for you! (Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant  and looks at Ross who gestures "later".)   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the    game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.]   Mike: Great game, huh? Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... (seems distracted) Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. (looking up) Please let the Knicks win... Thank    you Thor! (Mike is standing up) Where... where are you going? Mike: Going go to the bathroom. Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. Mike: Why? Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the    nutrients. Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. (We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then    we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of    Mike.) Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? (Mike looks bewildered) Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing   to him. Guess we know who wears the pants in that family.   (people are laughing, while   Mike still seems bewildered) Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! (There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand    in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him) Phoebe: Hey, hey! (shouting) Boo us? Boo you!   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone    rings.]   Joey: (picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani...    Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home    right now... (looks puzzled) Okay, bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was    nice! (Rachel and Amy enter) Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! Joey: Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachel's room) Amy: You're kicking me out?  Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl! Rachel: (gasps) I can't believe I ever even tried to help   you. You are so  beyond help. Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. Rachel: Excuse me? Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then,    I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws (frantically pointing    at her nose) And suddenly I am the bad guy? Rachel: (yelling) Joey, where are those bags? Joey: (Yelling from Rachel's room) She has a lot of crap! Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great.    Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without    that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... Rachel: (doesn't believe what she's hearing) Seriously? Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. Rachel: Hips or thighs? Amy: Ass and face. Rachel: (gasps) Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking    about real stuff. Rachel: (embarrassed) Oh, I can give you that. Amy: You can? Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're...    you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. Amy: (touched) Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. Rachel: Did you just say Emma? Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella.  [Scene: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.]   Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking    about. Mike, obviously you have balls. Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. Phoebe: (the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table) I would love it. Consider    it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose,    I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball    game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who    hides it in the cake. (Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.) Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? Mike: (puts on a fake smile) Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? (he    takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin) Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm    sorry! Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and    all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my    life with you. (Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face) Mike: I'm gonna do this now. Phoebe: Oh my God! (Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.) Mike: Phoebe, I... Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! (she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring    finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then...) Oh no! (She was    wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.) Mike: Ready? Phoebe: Uh-huh! (and now Mike kneels properly) Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry    me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow    old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? Phoebe: Yes! (Mike puts the ring on her finger) Mike: I love you! Phoebe: I love you more! Mike: Not possible! (they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...) She's gonna    be Mrs. No Balls. (They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.) COMMERCIAL BREAK   [Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are    walking on the sidewalk.]   Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies    are ugly.  Rachel: That's shocking! Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! (She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand,    whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair.) Hello-oo Ross! (to    Rachel) He's rude! THE END     
 Rachel: God! Amy: So beautiful. Rachel: Oh, I know, isn't she? Amy: No, I was talking about your bedding. Rachel: All right. What's your news, Amy? Amy: Oh! Um... Well... I'm getting married. Rachel: What? Oh my God! To who? Amy: This guy! He has a killer apartment. Rachel: A-And?? Amy: A-And it's on Fifth. And the elevator opens up right into the living room. Rachel: No, what's he like? Amy: Oh! He's ok. Do you remember my old boyfriend Mark? Rachel: Yeah. Amy: It's his dad. Rachel: Huh... wow, so he's gotta be... Amy: Old? Yeah! But he travels a lot, so he's hardly ever there. Rachel: Sweety, I gotta tell ya... it sounds a little bit like you like the    apartment more than you like... Amy: Myron. Hmm... I told you he was old! Rachel: Oh... sit down, sit down. Oh, honey, you know, I once also almost married    somebody that I didn’t love. Do you remember Barry? Amy: Humpf, remember him? How we used to make out all the time after you went    to sleep. Rachel: Sometimes just nodding is ok. (pause) Uhm, so but   anyway, listen, not marrying Barry was the best decision that I ever, ever   made. Honey, you deserve   true love. Your soulmate is out there, somewhere. Someone that is your age,   that is smart, that is fun and that you care about! Amy: (thinks about it) You’re right, you’re right! I’m gonna    do it! Rachel: Ok. Amy: I’m gonna marry Myron and keep looking   for Mr Right. Rachel: Ok, let’s keep talking.   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Mike and Phoebe are walking to    their seats.]   Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. (looking    at her ticket). Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my    seat. It's my anniversary. (to Mike) Here we are! (Mike nods). Can’t believe    it's been a whole year!  Mike: I know. This has been the best year... (the crowd starts cheering so    he starts yelling) THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND (crowd stops cheering) YOU'RE    AMAZING IN BED (everyone hears it and stare at them.) (to everybody) IT’S    OUR ANNIVERSARY! Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. (on the    screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes    on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her) Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. Mike: Really? Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! Mike: (looks strangely shocked) Excuse me... (he leaves, then Phoebe realizes  what she did).   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room]   Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to    Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the    longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. Chandler: (reading) I don’t... uh... understand. Joey: (sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated    for ya? Monica: (also reading it) It doesn’t make any sense. Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! Chandler: On every word? Joey: Yep! Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? (shows the sentence to    Joey) Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens    with full sized aortic pumps...? Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. Joey: Why not? Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani (Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that'    look). Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just    be yourself! Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from  here, (points at his own heart) your full sized aortic pump.   [Scene: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel    opens the door.]   Rachel: Amy, hi! Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. Rachel: Oh, good for you!  Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. (Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does    not notice the huge amount of bags) Joey: Ah, look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH,    WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! Joey: What? Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! (she snaps her finger and points at Joey,  snaps her fingers again and points to the bags) Come on!   [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room    and Joey comes out of his room.]   Joey: You slept out here? Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get    off!’ Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re    getting rid of her. Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping    Amy badly) "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!"    I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think    it’s really good that she’s here. Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was    a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of    me. Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t    think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys.    See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna    take patience, but that’s ok. Amy: Good morning. Joey: Yeaah. Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why    I hung it on the door. Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time    for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. (points    at her eyebrows) I am not happy. (to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands)    Oh... sure you wanna eat that? Joey: (yelling at her) I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!   [Scene: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler    are there, Phoebe enters the room]   Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote    me a rap song. Ross: Seriously? Chandler: Word! Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. Rachel: Well, what happened? Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the    big screen thing... Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning    on proposing to me that same way last night! Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna    propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean,    I said no in Barbados and now this! Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... (stops himself   mid-sentence...everyone stares at him) Did I just say if I were a   guy..? Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to    him! Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? Monica: I proposed to Chandler! (Phoebe stops herself from laughing) Alright,    moving on... Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! Monica: Thank you. Phoebe: (To Rachel and Ross) Well, do you think   I should propose? Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? Rachel: (Sarcastically) Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? (claps her hands    together, faking excitement) Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to,    plus he'd never suspect it! Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two (points    to Ross and Chandler) like that? Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think?  (Amy walks in carrying a phone handset) Amy: (To Rachel) Nana is on the phone (Hands the phone over to Rachel) Rachel: (Takes the phone) Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years    ago!! Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? Rachel: (Into the phone) Hello? (announces to Amy) Oh, it's our nanny! (goes    back to the phone conversation) Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye!    (Hangs up) (To Ross) That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had?    Because my throat's been hurting? Rachel: Menstrual cramps. Ross: I don't think that's what this is. Rachel: (To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe) Can any of you watch Emma? Monica: No, sorry sweety.. Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. Rachel: (To Ross) Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? Amy: Well, I can do it. Rachel: (Thinks for a moment) Well, actually...  Ross: (He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other    side of the room) Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. Rachel: Why not? Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!  Rachel: (Defends Amy) Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. Rachel: (Shocked) Wha... the next one? Ross: (a little confused) Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge    breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! Ross: I... I don't know.. Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows (points    at her own to emphasize the word) shaped to do this alright? Do you understand    how important that is in our world? (Amy approaches from behind) Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to...    Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's    been so wonderful to me... (looks at hem pleadingly) (Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently) Rachel: Absolutely. Amy: (very excited) Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? (Ross just gives up  and leaves)   [Scene: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk    in.]   Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. (Chandler and Monica look shocked) Monica: You dropped it off? Joey: Yeah. Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to    hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked) Monica: You hand-wrote it? Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at   all! See ya later! (Leaves) Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our    file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples    that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? (Takes out his mobile) I'll just    call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. (starts dialing) Monica: Okay good. Chandler: (on the phone) Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped    off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. (listens) Uh-huh... Uh-huh...    okay... thank you. Good-bye. (hangs up looking very confused). Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way    to the bird store. Chandler: (Still looks confused) They loved it. Monica: What? Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a   child write the recommendation letter. Monica: (surprised) They thought Joey was a child? Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings. (Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller) Amy: Hi! Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. Chandler: That sounds like fun. Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. (Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma) Rachel: (To Emma) Hey! Hi, how's my girl? Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? Rachel: (sounds excited) Yeah! (Amy takes off Emma's hat) Amy: Ta-daaa! (Rachel looks at Emma) Rachel: (not excited anymore) You pierced her ears!? Amy: (Very excited about it) Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? (Rachel looks very shocked) COMMERCIAL BREAK  Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me?  Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would    it? Chandler: I think she looks cute. (Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily)    ... but I am wrong! Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? Rachel: Ugh. (takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it) (Ross enters) Ross: Hey guys.   Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see.    (Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him). Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see.  Ross: Why not? Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was    in a milk carton but it looked like meat? Ross: Come here (Removes Emma's hat) Oh! There she is! Hi! (Rachel looks worried) Ross: (sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him) What? Rachel: Nothing. Ross: (Back to Emma) Hi! (Looks at her) What... (Moves the stroller away from    him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he    realizes the difference and gasps). Please tell me those are clip-ons.  Rachel: Oh, they're real! Ross: Did she (points at Amy) do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have    left Emma with her! Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. (To Amy)   You are soo irresponsible   I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs    to have a cool fun aunt! Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! Amy: (Sarcastically) O-Okay! Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure    out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going    to do with my life. Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. Rachel: (looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief) What? Ross: That's not a thing! Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what    colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... Rachel: (shouting) Babies don't care if they're slim. Amy: Enter Amy! Ross: (very angry) Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... Amy: What? What are you gonna do? Ross: (pointing at Amy, shouting) No more falafel for you! (Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant  and looks at Ross who gestures "later".)   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the    game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.]   Mike: Great game, huh? Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... (seems distracted) Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. (looking up) Please let the Knicks win... Thank    you Thor! (Mike is standing up) Where... where are you going? Mike: Going go to the bathroom. Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. Mike: Why? Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the    nutrients. Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. (We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then    we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of    Mike.) Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? (Mike looks bewildered) Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing   to him. Guess we know who wears the pants in that family.   (people are laughing, while   Mike still seems bewildered) Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! (There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand    in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him) Phoebe: Hey, hey! (shouting) Boo us? Boo you!   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone    rings.]   Joey: (picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani...    Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home    right now... (looks puzzled) Okay, bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was    nice! (Rachel and Amy enter) Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! Joey: Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachel's room) Amy: You're kicking me out?  Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl! Rachel: (gasps) I can't believe I ever even tried to help   you. You are so  beyond help. Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. Rachel: Excuse me? Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then,    I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws (frantically pointing    at her nose) And suddenly I am the bad guy? Rachel: (yelling) Joey, where are those bags? Joey: (Yelling from Rachel's room) She has a lot of crap! Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great.    Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without    that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... Rachel: (doesn't believe what she's hearing) Seriously? Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. Rachel: Hips or thighs? Amy: Ass and face. Rachel: (gasps) Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking    about real stuff. Rachel: (embarrassed) Oh, I can give you that. Amy: You can? Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're...    you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. Amy: (touched) Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. Rachel: Did you just say Emma? Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella.  [Scene: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.]   Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking    about. Mike, obviously you have balls. Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. Phoebe: (the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table) I would love it. Consider    it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose,    I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball    game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who    hides it in the cake. (Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.) Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? Mike: (puts on a fake smile) Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? (he    takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin) Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm    sorry! Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and    all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my    life with you. (Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face) Mike: I'm gonna do this now. Phoebe: Oh my God! (Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.) Mike: Phoebe, I... Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! (she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring    finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then...) Oh no! (She was    wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.) Mike: Ready? Phoebe: Uh-huh! (and now Mike kneels properly) Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry    me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow    old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? Phoebe: Yes! (Mike puts the ring on her finger) Mike: I love you! Phoebe: I love you more! Mike: Not possible! (they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...) She's gonna    be Mrs. No Balls. (They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.) COMMERCIAL BREAK   [Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are    walking on the sidewalk.]   Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies    are ugly.  Rachel: That's shocking! Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! (She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand,    whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair.) Hello-oo Ross! (to    Rachel) He's rude! THE END     
  Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. (looking    at her ticket). Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my    seat. It's my anniversary. (to Mike) Here we are! (Mike nods). Can’t believe    it's been a whole year!  Mike: I know. This has been the best year... (the crowd starts cheering so    he starts yelling) THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND (crowd stops cheering) YOU'RE    AMAZING IN BED (everyone hears it and stare at them.) (to everybody) IT’S    OUR ANNIVERSARY! Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. (on the    screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes    on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her) Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. Mike: Really? Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! Mike: (looks strangely shocked) Excuse me... (he leaves, then Phoebe realizes  what she did).   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room]   Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to    Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the    longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. Chandler: (reading) I don’t... uh... understand. Joey: (sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated    for ya? Monica: (also reading it) It doesn’t make any sense. Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! Chandler: On every word? Joey: Yep! Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? (shows the sentence to    Joey) Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens    with full sized aortic pumps...? Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. Joey: Why not? Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani (Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that'    look). Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just    be yourself! Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from  here, (points at his own heart) your full sized aortic pump.   [Scene: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel    opens the door.]   Rachel: Amy, hi! Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. Rachel: Oh, good for you!  Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. (Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does    not notice the huge amount of bags) Joey: Ah, look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH,    WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! Joey: What? Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! (she snaps her finger and points at Joey,  snaps her fingers again and points to the bags) Come on!   [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room    and Joey comes out of his room.]   Joey: You slept out here? Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get    off!’ Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re    getting rid of her. Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping    Amy badly) "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!"    I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think    it’s really good that she’s here. Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was    a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of    me. Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t    think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys.    See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna    take patience, but that’s ok. Amy: Good morning. Joey: Yeaah. Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why    I hung it on the door. Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time    for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. (points    at her eyebrows) I am not happy. (to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands)    Oh... sure you wanna eat that? Joey: (yelling at her) I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!   [Scene: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler    are there, Phoebe enters the room]   Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote    me a rap song. Ross: Seriously? Chandler: Word! Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. Rachel: Well, what happened? Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the    big screen thing... Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning    on proposing to me that same way last night! Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna    propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean,    I said no in Barbados and now this! Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... (stops himself   mid-sentence...everyone stares at him) Did I just say if I were a   guy..? Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to    him! Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? Monica: I proposed to Chandler! (Phoebe stops herself from laughing) Alright,    moving on... Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! Monica: Thank you. Phoebe: (To Rachel and Ross) Well, do you think   I should propose? Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? Rachel: (Sarcastically) Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? (claps her hands    together, faking excitement) Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to,    plus he'd never suspect it! Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two (points    to Ross and Chandler) like that? Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think?  (Amy walks in carrying a phone handset) Amy: (To Rachel) Nana is on the phone (Hands the phone over to Rachel) Rachel: (Takes the phone) Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years    ago!! Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? Rachel: (Into the phone) Hello? (announces to Amy) Oh, it's our nanny! (goes    back to the phone conversation) Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye!    (Hangs up) (To Ross) That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had?    Because my throat's been hurting? Rachel: Menstrual cramps. Ross: I don't think that's what this is. Rachel: (To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe) Can any of you watch Emma? Monica: No, sorry sweety.. Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. Rachel: (To Ross) Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? Amy: Well, I can do it. Rachel: (Thinks for a moment) Well, actually...  Ross: (He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other    side of the room) Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. Rachel: Why not? Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!  Rachel: (Defends Amy) Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. Rachel: (Shocked) Wha... the next one? Ross: (a little confused) Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge    breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! Ross: I... I don't know.. Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows (points    at her own to emphasize the word) shaped to do this alright? Do you understand    how important that is in our world? (Amy approaches from behind) Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to...    Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's    been so wonderful to me... (looks at hem pleadingly) (Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently) Rachel: Absolutely. Amy: (very excited) Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? (Ross just gives up  and leaves)   [Scene: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk    in.]   Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. (Chandler and Monica look shocked) Monica: You dropped it off? Joey: Yeah. Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to    hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked) Monica: You hand-wrote it? Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at   all! See ya later! (Leaves) Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our    file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples    that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? (Takes out his mobile) I'll just    call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. (starts dialing) Monica: Okay good. Chandler: (on the phone) Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped    off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. (listens) Uh-huh... Uh-huh...    okay... thank you. Good-bye. (hangs up looking very confused). Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way    to the bird store. Chandler: (Still looks confused) They loved it. Monica: What? Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a   child write the recommendation letter. Monica: (surprised) They thought Joey was a child? Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings. (Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller) Amy: Hi! Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. Chandler: That sounds like fun. Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. (Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma) Rachel: (To Emma) Hey! Hi, how's my girl? Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? Rachel: (sounds excited) Yeah! (Amy takes off Emma's hat) Amy: Ta-daaa! (Rachel looks at Emma) Rachel: (not excited anymore) You pierced her ears!? Amy: (Very excited about it) Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? (Rachel looks very shocked) COMMERCIAL BREAK  Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me?  Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would    it? Chandler: I think she looks cute. (Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily)    ... but I am wrong! Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? Rachel: Ugh. (takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it) (Ross enters) Ross: Hey guys.   Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see.    (Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him). Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see.  Ross: Why not? Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was    in a milk carton but it looked like meat? Ross: Come here (Removes Emma's hat) Oh! There she is! Hi! (Rachel looks worried) Ross: (sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him) What? Rachel: Nothing. Ross: (Back to Emma) Hi! (Looks at her) What... (Moves the stroller away from    him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he    realizes the difference and gasps). Please tell me those are clip-ons.  Rachel: Oh, they're real! Ross: Did she (points at Amy) do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have    left Emma with her! Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. (To Amy)   You are soo irresponsible   I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs    to have a cool fun aunt! Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! Amy: (Sarcastically) O-Okay! Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure    out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going    to do with my life. Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. Rachel: (looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief) What? Ross: That's not a thing! Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what    colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... Rachel: (shouting) Babies don't care if they're slim. Amy: Enter Amy! Ross: (very angry) Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... Amy: What? What are you gonna do? Ross: (pointing at Amy, shouting) No more falafel for you! (Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant  and looks at Ross who gestures "later".)   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the    game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.]   Mike: Great game, huh? Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... (seems distracted) Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. (looking up) Please let the Knicks win... Thank    you Thor! (Mike is standing up) Where... where are you going? Mike: Going go to the bathroom. Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. Mike: Why? Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the    nutrients. Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. (We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then    we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of    Mike.) Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? (Mike looks bewildered) Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing   to him. Guess we know who wears the pants in that family.   (people are laughing, while   Mike still seems bewildered) Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! (There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand    in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him) Phoebe: Hey, hey! (shouting) Boo us? Boo you!   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone    rings.]   Joey: (picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani...    Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home    right now... (looks puzzled) Okay, bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was    nice! (Rachel and Amy enter) Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! Joey: Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachel's room) Amy: You're kicking me out?  Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl! Rachel: (gasps) I can't believe I ever even tried to help   you. You are so  beyond help. Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. Rachel: Excuse me? Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then,    I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws (frantically pointing    at her nose) And suddenly I am the bad guy? Rachel: (yelling) Joey, where are those bags? Joey: (Yelling from Rachel's room) She has a lot of crap! Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great.    Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without    that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... Rachel: (doesn't believe what she's hearing) Seriously? Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. Rachel: Hips or thighs? Amy: Ass and face. Rachel: (gasps) Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking    about real stuff. Rachel: (embarrassed) Oh, I can give you that. Amy: You can? Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're...    you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. Amy: (touched) Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. Rachel: Did you just say Emma? Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella.  [Scene: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.]   Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking    about. Mike, obviously you have balls. Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. Phoebe: (the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table) I would love it. Consider    it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose,    I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball    game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who    hides it in the cake. (Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.) Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? Mike: (puts on a fake smile) Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? (he    takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin) Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm    sorry! Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and    all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my    life with you. (Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face) Mike: I'm gonna do this now. Phoebe: Oh my God! (Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.) Mike: Phoebe, I... Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! (she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring    finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then...) Oh no! (She was    wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.) Mike: Ready? Phoebe: Uh-huh! (and now Mike kneels properly) Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry    me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow    old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? Phoebe: Yes! (Mike puts the ring on her finger) Mike: I love you! Phoebe: I love you more! Mike: Not possible! (they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...) She's gonna    be Mrs. No Balls. (They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.) COMMERCIAL BREAK   [Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are    walking on the sidewalk.]   Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies    are ugly.  Rachel: That's shocking! Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! (She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand,    whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair.) Hello-oo Ross! (to    Rachel) He's rude! THE END     
Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. (looking    at her ticket). Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my    seat. It's my anniversary. (to Mike) Here we are! (Mike nods). Can’t believe    it's been a whole year!  Mike: I know. This has been the best year... (the crowd starts cheering so    he starts yelling) THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND (crowd stops cheering) YOU'RE    AMAZING IN BED (everyone hears it and stare at them.) (to everybody) IT’S    OUR ANNIVERSARY! Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. (on the    screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes    on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her) Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. Mike: Really? Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! Mike: (looks strangely shocked) Excuse me... (he leaves, then Phoebe realizes  what she did).   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room]   Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to    Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the    longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. Chandler: (reading) I don’t... uh... understand. Joey: (sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated    for ya? Monica: (also reading it) It doesn’t make any sense. Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! Chandler: On every word? Joey: Yep! Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? (shows the sentence to    Joey) Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens    with full sized aortic pumps...? Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. Joey: Why not? Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani (Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that'    look). Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just    be yourself! Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from  here, (points at his own heart) your full sized aortic pump.   [Scene: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel    opens the door.]   Rachel: Amy, hi! Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. Rachel: Oh, good for you!  Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. (Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does    not notice the huge amount of bags) Joey: Ah, look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH,    WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! Joey: What? Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! (she snaps her finger and points at Joey,  snaps her fingers again and points to the bags) Come on!   [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room    and Joey comes out of his room.]   Joey: You slept out here? Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get    off!’ Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re    getting rid of her. Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping    Amy badly) "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!"    I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think    it’s really good that she’s here. Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was    a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of    me. Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t    think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys.    See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna    take patience, but that’s ok. Amy: Good morning. Joey: Yeaah. Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why    I hung it on the door. Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time    for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. (points    at her eyebrows) I am not happy. (to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands)    Oh... sure you wanna eat that? Joey: (yelling at her) I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!   [Scene: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler    are there, Phoebe enters the room]   Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote    me a rap song. Ross: Seriously? Chandler: Word! Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. Rachel: Well, what happened? Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the    big screen thing... Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning    on proposing to me that same way last night! Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna    propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean,    I said no in Barbados and now this! Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... (stops himself   mid-sentence...everyone stares at him) Did I just say if I were a   guy..? Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to    him! Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? Monica: I proposed to Chandler! (Phoebe stops herself from laughing) Alright,    moving on... Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! Monica: Thank you. Phoebe: (To Rachel and Ross) Well, do you think   I should propose? Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? Rachel: (Sarcastically) Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? (claps her hands    together, faking excitement) Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to,    plus he'd never suspect it! Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two (points    to Ross and Chandler) like that? Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think?  (Amy walks in carrying a phone handset) Amy: (To Rachel) Nana is on the phone (Hands the phone over to Rachel) Rachel: (Takes the phone) Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years    ago!! Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? Rachel: (Into the phone) Hello? (announces to Amy) Oh, it's our nanny! (goes    back to the phone conversation) Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye!    (Hangs up) (To Ross) That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had?    Because my throat's been hurting? Rachel: Menstrual cramps. Ross: I don't think that's what this is. Rachel: (To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe) Can any of you watch Emma? Monica: No, sorry sweety.. Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. Rachel: (To Ross) Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? Amy: Well, I can do it. Rachel: (Thinks for a moment) Well, actually...  Ross: (He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other    side of the room) Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. Rachel: Why not? Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!  Rachel: (Defends Amy) Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. Rachel: (Shocked) Wha... the next one? Ross: (a little confused) Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge    breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! Ross: I... I don't know.. Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows (points    at her own to emphasize the word) shaped to do this alright? Do you understand    how important that is in our world? (Amy approaches from behind) Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to...    Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's    been so wonderful to me... (looks at hem pleadingly) (Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently) Rachel: Absolutely. Amy: (very excited) Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? (Ross just gives up  and leaves)   [Scene: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk    in.]   Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. (Chandler and Monica look shocked) Monica: You dropped it off? Joey: Yeah. Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to    hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked) Monica: You hand-wrote it? Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at   all! See ya later! (Leaves) Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our    file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples    that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? (Takes out his mobile) I'll just    call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. (starts dialing) Monica: Okay good. Chandler: (on the phone) Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped    off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. (listens) Uh-huh... Uh-huh...    okay... thank you. Good-bye. (hangs up looking very confused). Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way    to the bird store. Chandler: (Still looks confused) They loved it. Monica: What? Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a   child write the recommendation letter. Monica: (surprised) They thought Joey was a child? Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings. (Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller) Amy: Hi! Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. Chandler: That sounds like fun. Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. (Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma) Rachel: (To Emma) Hey! Hi, how's my girl? Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? Rachel: (sounds excited) Yeah! (Amy takes off Emma's hat) Amy: Ta-daaa! (Rachel looks at Emma) Rachel: (not excited anymore) You pierced her ears!? Amy: (Very excited about it) Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? (Rachel looks very shocked) COMMERCIAL BREAK  Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me?  Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would    it? Chandler: I think she looks cute. (Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily)    ... but I am wrong! Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? Rachel: Ugh. (takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it) (Ross enters) Ross: Hey guys.   Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see.    (Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him). Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see.  Ross: Why not? Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was    in a milk carton but it looked like meat? Ross: Come here (Removes Emma's hat) Oh! There she is! Hi! (Rachel looks worried) Ross: (sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him) What? Rachel: Nothing. Ross: (Back to Emma) Hi! (Looks at her) What... (Moves the stroller away from    him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he    realizes the difference and gasps). Please tell me those are clip-ons.  Rachel: Oh, they're real! Ross: Did she (points at Amy) do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have    left Emma with her! Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. (To Amy)   You are soo irresponsible   I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs    to have a cool fun aunt! Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! Amy: (Sarcastically) O-Okay! Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure    out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going    to do with my life. Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. Rachel: (looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief) What? Ross: That's not a thing! Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what    colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... Rachel: (shouting) Babies don't care if they're slim. Amy: Enter Amy! Ross: (very angry) Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... Amy: What? What are you gonna do? Ross: (pointing at Amy, shouting) No more falafel for you! (Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant  and looks at Ross who gestures "later".)   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the    game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.]   Mike: Great game, huh? Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... (seems distracted) Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. (looking up) Please let the Knicks win... Thank    you Thor! (Mike is standing up) Where... where are you going? Mike: Going go to the bathroom. Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. Mike: Why? Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the    nutrients. Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. (We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then    we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of    Mike.) Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? (Mike looks bewildered) Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing   to him. Guess we know who wears the pants in that family.   (people are laughing, while   Mike still seems bewildered) Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! (There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand    in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him) Phoebe: Hey, hey! (shouting) Boo us? Boo you!   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone    rings.]   Joey: (picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani...    Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home    right now... (looks puzzled) Okay, bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was    nice! (Rachel and Amy enter) Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! Joey: Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachel's room) Amy: You're kicking me out?  Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl! Rachel: (gasps) I can't believe I ever even tried to help   you. You are so  beyond help. Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. Rachel: Excuse me? Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then,    I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws (frantically pointing    at her nose) And suddenly I am the bad guy? Rachel: (yelling) Joey, where are those bags? Joey: (Yelling from Rachel's room) She has a lot of crap! Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great.    Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without    that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... Rachel: (doesn't believe what she's hearing) Seriously? Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. Rachel: Hips or thighs? Amy: Ass and face. Rachel: (gasps) Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking    about real stuff. Rachel: (embarrassed) Oh, I can give you that. Amy: You can? Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're...    you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. Amy: (touched) Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. Rachel: Did you just say Emma? Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella.  [Scene: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.]   Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking    about. Mike, obviously you have balls. Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. Phoebe: (the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table) I would love it. Consider    it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose,    I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball    game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who    hides it in the cake. (Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.) Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? Mike: (puts on a fake smile) Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? (he    takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin) Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm    sorry! Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and    all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my    life with you. (Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face) Mike: I'm gonna do this now. Phoebe: Oh my God! (Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.) Mike: Phoebe, I... Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! (she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring    finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then...) Oh no! (She was    wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.) Mike: Ready? Phoebe: Uh-huh! (and now Mike kneels properly) Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry    me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow    old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? Phoebe: Yes! (Mike puts the ring on her finger) Mike: I love you! Phoebe: I love you more! Mike: Not possible! (they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...) She's gonna    be Mrs. No Balls. (They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.) COMMERCIAL BREAK   [Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are    walking on the sidewalk.]   Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies    are ugly.  Rachel: That's shocking! Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! (She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand,    whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair.) Hello-oo Ross! (to    Rachel) He's rude! THE END     
Monica: (also reading it) It doesn’t make any sense.
Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? (shows the sentence to    Joey)
Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this.
Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani (Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that'    look). Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just    be yourself!
Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote    me a rap song.
Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose?
Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to    him!
Monica: I proposed to Chandler! (Phoebe stops herself from laughing) Alright,    moving on...
Monica: Thank you.
Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen?
Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to,    plus he'd never suspect it!
Monica: No, sorry sweety..
Monica: You dropped it off?
Monica: You hand-wrote it?
Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our    file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples    that collects orchids or has a lot of birds!
Monica: Okay good.
Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way    to the bird store.
Monica: What?
Monica: (surprised) They thought Joey was a child?
Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today?
Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world.
Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt!
Written by: Sebastian Jones   Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa    Final check by    Kim  [Scene: Central Perk, everyone except Phoebe is there] Phoebe: (she enters) Hey... All: Hey! Rachel: Hi! Ross: Pheebs, what's wrong? Phoebe: Oh, I'm just so exhausted from dragging around this...    (she shows her ring) HUGE engagement ring! All: OH! Rachel: My God! Joey: Hey!  Rachel: Congratulations! Wow!! Ross: So, did he get on one knee, did he have a speech prepared,    or (in a tender way) did he cry? (the guys look at him) Yeah, big surprise,    I like proposals! Phoebe: Well, it was really sweet, and like the   most romantic thing ever. Joey: Well, hey! Well... (he takes his mug to toast Phoebe)    Here's to Phoebe, who's found the greatest guy in the world! To Phoebe and...    (a bit uncertain) I wanna say Mike? (pause) To Phoebe and Mike! All: Whoo! Phoebe: Thank you! (to Rachel) Oh, and I have something for    you! Rachel: Mmh-mmh! Phoebe: It's, yes, my little black book. It's got the numbers    of all the guys I've dated. Rachel: Oh, Pheebs, baby, that's nice but, you know what,    I think I'm ok. Why don't you give it to one of your other single girlfriends?   Phoebe: I would, but you're the last one. Rachel: (angrily) GIVE ME THE BOOK! (she takes it and start    reading) Pablo Diaz, Brady Smith, huh, "Guy-in-van"? Phoebe: Oh, my first love!  Rachel: Oh! Monica: What does the red X next to Bob Greenmore's name mean? Phoebe: Dead. (everyone is a bit upset) Oh, it's OK, no,   he  was old, yeah! And he lived a full life, he was in the first wave   at Omaha Beach. Chandler: Hey, I'm sorry, I should have given you guys my    black book when I got married! Although it wasn't so much a book as a... napkin.    With Janice's phone number on it. Rachel: Phoebe, isn't Jethro Tull a band? Phoebe: (proud of herself) Oh yes, they are.  OPENING CREDITS  [Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment]   Chandler: (he enters) Hey honey! Joey: (Looking inside the fridge, and we only see his back.    Then he closes the door, and we see it's Joey.) Hi sweetie! Chandler: Is Monica not here? Joey: No. Chandler: Oh, then I'll tell you. My agency was bidding for   a big account and they got it! It's my first national commercial! Joey: Cool! Chandler: Yeah, and I don't wanna brag but a lot of the ideas    were mine! (silence) Hell, you weren't there? All the ideas were   mine!!! Joey: That's great! Hey, can you cast me in it? Chandler: Oh... I don't know, I really don't think you're    right for the part. Joey: What do you mean? I can do anything, I'm a chameleon!    Huh? (he mimes an old man with a beard) I'm old! (then he yawns) I'm tired!    (then he mimes someone who's hot...) Hey, I'm hot (...and cold) I'm cold!! Huh??    Come on! What can't I do? Chandler: First of all. Bravo. Uh, but I really don't think    you're right for this. The part calls for a stuffy college professor. Joey: I can do that! (in a deeper voice) "Hello, I'm    your professor. When I'm not busy thinking of important things or... professing.    I like to use..." Oh, what's the product? Chandler: Software that facilitates inter-business networking    e-solutions? Joey: (after a long pause he starts miming again) I'm cold!    [Scene: Central Perk. Charlie is sitting on the couch and Ross    enters.]   Ross: (to Charlie) Hey! Charlie: Hey! Ross: Guess who's a finalist for a huge research   grant!  I'll give you a hint, he's looking right at you.  Charlie: Ah, well, unless it's the creepy guy with his hand    up his kilt, I'm gonna say congratulations!  Ross: Oh, I'm so excited, I mean, apparently I beat out hundreds    of other applicants, included five guys I went to graduate school with. Not      that I'm keeping score or anything... five! Charlie: Wow, that's great! So, tell me about the grant! Ross: Well, ok, it's for 25 thousand dollars. And if I get    it, I'll finally be able to complete my field research! And there    will be  an article about me in the "Paleontology Review"! Yeah!    That'll be  the first time my name is in there, without people raising serious    questions    about my work! Charlie: Wait. Are you talking about the Dewar grant? Ross: Yeah. Why? Charlie: Benjamin Hobart is administering that grant. Ross: Your ex-boyfriend? Charlie: Yeah. Ross: So, your ex-boyfriend is gonna determine if your new    boyfriend gets this grant? Wow, your new boyfriend is screwed! Charlie: No, no, we ended up in great terms. I mean, if anything,    I think this could help you. You know what? Why don't we all go out to dinner    together, and I can introduce you. Ross: Well, if you think it would help. Charlie: Yes, absolutely. I'll call him. Ross: Ok, now, is there anything I can do to... you know,    butter him up? Anything he really likes? Charlie: Mmh... he does have a pretty serious latex fetish. Ross: We'll see how dinner goes.   [Scene: Phoebe's apartment. She is packing a few tings into boxes.] Phoebe: (looking at Monica entering) Hey!  Monica: Hey, you wanna go to see a movie? Phoebe: Well, I told you I had to spend all the day clearing    out stuff, so Mike could move in. Monica: Oh, right. Phoebe: Yeah.  Monica: Oh, well. Now that I'm here I might as well help you    with the cleaning and organizing! Just happen to have my label maker! Phoebe: Oh, it's so hard to get rid of stuff! Did   you and Chandler have to make compromises when you first moved in together? Monica: Uh, Chandler did! What does he want you  to give  up?  Phoebe: A bunch of stuff. And the worst one... he wants me    to get rid of Gladys. Monica: Who's Gladys? (Phoebe shows her a horrific painting    with a half-a-body girl dummy coming out of the frame. Monica's frightened and    she gasps.) Oh! What a tragic loss! Phoebe: Yeah. I really hate to give her up. Oh,   I know!! Oh, you should take her! Monica: (faking happiness) Well, I-I-I-I... I don't know... Phoebe: Why, you don't like her? Monica: Well, of course I do. What's not to like! I'll    take her in a minute! But, you know, I think that you're giving up too    easy, honey. I think that you need to fight for her! Phoebe: Really? You think? Monica: Absolutely! Yes, you say to him "I'm sorry    Mike I can't live without her, she means too much to me!" Phoebe: Ok, I'll fight for her. Ok! Oh, wait, oh I just    realized... if I do that, that means you don't get her. Monica: Damn it, I did not think this through!  [Scene: Central Perk. Rachel, Joey and Emma are there.]    Chandler: Hey you guys.  Rachel: Hi! Joey: Oh! Any word on casting yet? Chandler: Joe, I told you, you're just not right for    the part. Joey: What do you mean? Rach, don't I seem like a professor    you'd buy some kind of e-crap from? Rachel: I'm sorry, this sounds like something I'm never gonna    be interested in. Joey (to Chandler): Look, c'mon, please? It's    not like I'm asking for some crazy favour. This is what I do for a living. I    am a professional actor! (he glances at his watch and sees the time) Oh, man,    I'm two hours late for work! (he stands, ready to go). Look, here's a    copy of my reels. It's got all the commercials that I've been in. Chandler: Joe... Joey: Just watch it, and if you don't like it, you don't    pass it on to your bosses! Chandler: Fine! Joey: Thank you. (he sits down) Chandler: Work, Joe! Joey: Damn it! (he leaves) Chandler (to Rachel): What am I gonna do now? Joey: Just pass it to your boss! Chandler: He's not right for the part. So if I suggest    him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should    learn on their own! Rachel: Just tell Joey that you watched the tape and you liked    it, but your bosses didn't. Then that way, you're the good guy and    they're the bad guys. Chandler: That's good! I liked it, they didn't.    (he sees Joey out of the window hitting on a girl) Joey, for God's sake,    go to work! (Joey runs away).  [Scene: A restaurant. Ross and Charlie are waiting for her ex-boyfriend,    Benjamin Hobart]    Ross: I can't believe I'm about to meet Benjamin Hobart.    I've always thought of him as one of the people I'd invite to my fantasy dinner    party. Do you think there's any chance he'll bring Christie Brinkley    or C3PO? Charlie: (glances over Ross' shoulder) Sorry, looks    like it's just him. Benjamin: Charlie! My God, you look absolutely stunning! Ross: Well, I... I am having a good hair day. Benjamin: So good to see you. Charlie: Me too. (she and Benjamin are hugging for very long    and Ross starts pretending to clear his throat, until they stop) Ross: I'm ok. Charlie: I'm sorry... (introduces them to each other) Ross    Geller... Benjamin Hobart. Ross: It's an honor to meet you. I can't tell    you how long I've been an admirer of your work, I mean, that Nobel prize,    (he thumbs up) whoooo! I mean, I have to tell you that, you're one of    the reasons I got into the field. Benjamin: Oh, well, likewise. Actually, not likewise. I've    never heard of you until this morning, but, it's nice to be nice!  Charlie: Shall we? (they sit down and Benjamin takes Ross'    chair). Benjamin: (to Ross) Thank you! (to Charlie). I can't    believe that you chose this restaurant! Do you remember the night? Charlie: Oh my God, I completely forgot! (they laugh) Oh   my  God! I can't believe they let us back in this place! (they laugh   more, and Ross start laughing too). Benjamin (to Ross): You weren't there! Ross: No, but, it's, you know, it's just a funny image,    you know, the two of you, in this restaurant, with... (laughs nervously)tzz-zzz,    mmm. Charlie: Ross, why don't you tell Benji about your proposal,    while I go to the ladies room? Benjamin: So, tell me about it. Ross: Ok well, I would like to do a dig in the painted desert. Benjamin: M-m. Ross: See, there are still several areas that haven't    been fully excavated. Benjamin: Break up with Charlie! Ross: What? Benjamin: What? Ross: Did you just say "break up with Charlie"? Benjamin: Well, yes, and now. Yes I did say it, and no, I    didn't not say it. Ross: Kind of inappropriate, don't you think? Benjamin: I'm sorry. I just haven't seen her for so    long! All these feelings are rushing back! I'm starting to realize how much    I missed her, and I'm gonna need you to break up with her. Ross: Are you serious? Benjamin: If you say yes then I'm serious, if you say no then    I'm joking! Ross: No! Benjamin: Joking it is!  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters the room.]   Phoebe: Hi! Sorry, I'm late. Monica: Hey, how did it go with Mike, is he gonna let you    keep the painting? Phoebe: No, he really hates it. But he's gonna let me    keep my box of human hair! So you got to pick your battles. But the good news    is, Gladys is yours! Monica: Wow, what's the bad news! Rachel: Who's Gladys? Phoebe: Oh, she's that work of art I made, you know,    with the woman coming out of the frame. Rachel: (sarcastic) Oh, and Monica gets to keep her?   In her house? I am so jealous! Phoebe: Oh, I didn't know you wanted her too! Monica: Huh! Rachel: Well, I mean, sure, of course. But... you already    gave that to Monica, so... Monica: You know, I would give her up, for you. Rachel: No, I couldn't let you do that. Monica: But I want to. Rachel: But I don't want you to. Monica: But I insist! Rachel: But I insist harder! Phoebe: Girls, girls, stop, ok? We'll flip a coin. Heads,    she's Rachel's, tails she's Monica's. (she flips the    coin). Tails! Monica, she's yours! Monica: No, that landed in your food! Rachel: (sarcastic) No, no, that's ok. You won fair    and square. I'm so sad!  [Scene: Chandler walks into Joey's apartment]   Chandler: Hey Joe! Joey: What's up? Chandler: Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along    to my bosses and they weren't interested. Joey: (sounds disappointed) Oh. Chandler: (Hands the tape back to him) I'm sorry man. Joey: (looks at him suspiciously) But, ehm... you watched    the tape? Chandler: (sounds nervous) Yeah! I... I... I liked it! (Joey    continues to look at him suspiciously) But, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it.    Stupid sons of bitches! Joey: (sounds confident) You didn't watch the tape. Chandler: (looks surprised) What!? Of course I did! Joey: Look, it's one thing not to cast me, but to lie to me? Chandler: I'm not lying to you, I watched it! Joey: Well, you lied again! (Rachel comes out of her room    and is observing the conversation) Chandler: I watched it! Joey: Keep going Pinocchio! Chandler: (now yelling) (pretending to look shocked) I did! Joey: (yelling back) No you didn't! (turns and goes towards    his room) Chandler: (following him) I'm telling you, I watched the tape.    (Reaches Joey's room and Joey slams the door in his face) Rachel: Did you watch the tape? Chandler:(In a sarcastic "of course not"!-tone)    No!  [Scene: Interview room. Ross and two other professors (one man,    one woman) are sitting on one side of a long desk. Benjamin Hobart is sitting    on the other side]   Benjamin: The selection committee has chosen the three of    you as our finalists today. The ultimate decision will be based upon the answers    you give to the questions I ask here. I'm gonna start with Dr. Li. Dr. Li, you    claim the field is too reliant on the Linnaean taxonomic system. How do you    propose to correct this problem? Dr. Li: Well, I believe that the answers lie in the osteological    evidence. I plan to begin there. Benjamin: (nods) Interesting. Ross: (Rolls his eyes) I guess! Benjamin: Dr. Biely, your proposal includes some field work.    Where might that take place? Dr. Biely: Primarily in the Pierre Shale region of South Dakota. Benjamin: Certainly. Very well. And Dr. Geller, when is my    birthday? Ross: (shocked and confused by the question) What? I... I...    (Benjamin looks at him as if to say "What's wrong? Answer the question") Benjamin: Care to venture a guess? Ross: (annoyed) May 12th? Benjamin: (looks surprised and un-impressed) That's not even    kinda close! (Ross looks around confused) Dr. Li, how many graduate students    you'd be needing? Dr. Li: Half a dozen. Benjamin: I see, and Dr. Biely? Dr. Biely: Three for excavation and two for analysis. Benjamin: Certainly. Dr. Geller, which 1965 Shirelles hit    was later covered by a popular British invasion band? Ross: (even more shocked) Wha..? I need 6 graduate students.   Benjamin: No! I'm sorry, we were looking for "Baby It's    You". Baby It's You. Ross: Wha...? Wait, wait, wait, just a minute. None of my    questions have anything to do with Paleontology. Benjamin: You're right, I apologize. Scratch the last question.    Spell "Boscodictiasaur". Ross: (annoyed) um... I've never heard of a "Boscodictiasaur". Benjamin: Yeah, I just made it up. Spell it. Ross: (stares at him angrily) Ok. (determined to spell it    correctly) B - O - S ... Benjamin: No, it starts with a silent "M". Ross: Oh come on!!  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. Chandler and Rachel are    talking.]   Chandler: I can't believe Joey. I hate being called a liar! Rachel: But you are a liar. Chandler: What did I just say? (Joey comes out of his room) Joey: You still here? Chandler: Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am    insulted. When I tell somebody I did something... Joey: Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there, ok?    First, you lied, right? Then, you lied about lying, ok? Then you lied about    lying about lying, ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying    about... lying... (loses count and begins to count the number of 'lyings' in    the air but gives up.) (yelling) Stop lying! Chandler: Why are you so sure I didn't watch this tape? Joey: (very angry) You wanna know wh...? You wanna know why?    (goes back into his room)  Rachel: Well, this is going well. (Chandler looks worried) Joey: (comes out holding the tape) Here's how I know you didn't    watch the tape, ok? (puts it into the vcr) If you had seen what was on this    tape, believe me, you would have some comments. Alright, now remember, I    got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan. (presses play    and he appears on the TV screen and a TV commercial begins) (The commercial: Joey says "Ichiban". It displays a few girls dancing around and Joey    fills most of the screen, he puts something blue on his lips and smacks them    saying "Lipstick For Men!" It goes on to show him playing a guitar    and putting on more blue lipstick. In the end he says seductively "Ichiban...    Lipstick For Men" and "Sahiko" and it ends. Chandler and Rachel    are speechless.)  Joey: (Yelling at Chandler) And that's how I know you    didn't watch the tape! (goes back to his room and slams the door).  (Silence) Chandler: He really is a chameleon.  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters carrying the horrific    'painting' of Gladys. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the couch.]   Phoebe: (smiling from ear to ear) Well, Gladys say hello to    your new home! (she holds out the 'painting') Monica: (faking happiness) Oh, my!  Rachel: (surprised by how ugly it is) Wow! (sarcastic) Oh,    she's so nice and big! Oh, Monica, where are you going to display Gladys oh    so proudly? (looks around for a spot)  Monica: (sounds desperate, knowing what Rachel is trying to    do) I haven't really settled on a spot yet! Rachel: Well, hey! How about right above the TV? (Points to    the spot where her famous French poster is hanging). That way, it will be    the first thing that you see when you walk in the door! Phoebe: (genuinely excited about it) Yeah, yeah! And you can    get rid of that French poster. Monica: (offended) I like that poster! Phoebe: Really? It doesn't have anything coming out of it.    Or maybe there is some place for her in your bedroom? Rachel: (jumps at the chance to make that happen) Oh! There's    nothing above your bed!! Monica: (Impatient with Rachel) Are you still here? [Scene: Ross' office. Ross is pacing and Benjamin enters]   Ross: Oh hi! Hello! Uh, have you come to ask me some more paleontology    related questions? Uhm... your grandmother's nickname, perhaps? (Now yelling)    Aunt Margaret's pants size? Benjamin: I've come here to apologize. I think I may have    let my feelings for Charlie interfere with the interview process.  Ross: (Sarcastic) No! Stop!  Benjamin: Anyway, I've decided to offer you the grant.  Ross: (Skeptical) Really? Benjamin: Well... there is just one small... stipulation... Ross: I have to break up with Charlie? Benjamin: Hey, you got one right! (Ross shakes his head)  Ross: You're crazy. Benjamin: Crazy, or... romantic? Ross: Crazy! Benjamin: Ooor... Ross: (Yelling) Get out! (Benjamin leaves)  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Rachel enters, checking the mail, then looks up and sees Gladys placed on    the barcalounger.) Rachel: O-oh my God! Joey: (enters from his bedroom) What? Rachel: Joey, what... is... this...thing... doing here? Joey: I got it from Monica. She sold it to me for a very    reasonable price. Rachel: Joey, we're not keeping this! Joey: But it's an original Buffay... Rachel: Alright, fine. You can keep it. As long as you don't    mind that she's haunted.  Joey: Hey? what? what? wey! whoo! what? what!? Rachel: Well, legend has it Joey, that... she comes alive    when you're asleep. (Joey's eyes are twice their size now, and looks nervously from Rachel to Gladys    and back.) Rachel: She climbs out of the frame, and then drags her half-a-body    across the floor, just looking for legs to steal. (in a spooky, slow voice)    And then with her one good hand, she slo-o-owly re-e-a-aches up and turns your    doorknob. Joey: GET THAT LEGLESS WITCH OUT OF HERE! (Joey leaves for his bedroom, and Rachel grins. She then takes Gladys and enters    Monica's apartment.) Monica: Hey! I sold that to Joey. Rachel: Well, why I told him it's haunted. Two can play at    this game. (gives Gladys to Monica) Monica: No, too late. You can't give it back! (she pushes    the painting back to Rachel) Rachel: Yes I can! (pushes her back again) Monica: No you can't. She's yours! Rachel: She's yours! Monica: SHE'S YOURS! Rachel: She's yours! (While they are both pushing the painting towards each other, Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Hey! (there's a pause) Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's m-i-i-ne! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Phoebe: You guys! You guys! You don't have to fight over her    anymore. (she goes out into the hallway and enters with an even more hideous    painting/collage. One of those faceles mannequins heads wearing a blueish dress    and orange gloves reaching out into the room. Around the head 3 small dolls    are hovering.) Whoever doesn't get Gladys gets Glynnis. (Rachel and Monica are    gasping for air at the sight of this monstrous piece of art.) Rachel: I want Gladys! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey's home alone, reading a Sports    Illustrated magazine when Chandler enters.] Chandler: Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And    I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part    or not. Joey: That's not the point Chandler. The point is that you    lied. Chandler: I know. You're right. What's it gonna take for you    to forgive me?  [Scene: Central Perk. Monica, Phoebe and Rachel are on the couch.] Monica: Oh my God! (we see Joey and Chandler standing there, and Chandler is wearing the blue    Ichiban lipstick!) Rachel: Excellent! Joey: Now, what do you say? Chandler: Lying is wrong! Joey: And?... AND? Chandler: I'm a pretty little girl. Phoebe: I knew it!  [Scene: Central Perk. Some time later that day. The group has    left and Charlie is there when Ross enters.] Ross: Your ex-boyfriend is insane. Charlie: Did you get the grant? Ross: No I didn't, and you want to know why? Because your    ex-boyfriend is still in love with you. Charlie: What? Ross: Yeah. He wouldn't give me the grant, because I wouldn't    give you up. Charlie: Benji isn't in love with me. I mean, he broke up    with me. And besides, he's a very ethical man. Ross: Really? Is it ethical to ask someone in a grant review,    who was the voice of "Underdog"? Charlie: I'm sure he was just joking, Ross. Ross: If you don't believe me, let's go talk to him, okay?    I'm telling you, he didn't ask me one paleontological question. Charlie: Seriously? Ross: Oh, I'm sorry, no. He did ask me one. Uhm... How do    you spell Mboscodictiosaur? Charlie: Well, if it's like the lake Mbosco in Congo, then    M-B-O...  Ross: Damnit!  [Scene: Benjamin's office. Ross and Charlie are entering.] Benjamin: Dr. Geller...? Charlie... What are you... what are    you doing here? Ross: I want you to tell her everything. About the deal you    tried to make with me, about the crazy questions you... Wally Cox! That's the    voice of Underdog! Benjamin: Like I tried to tell you in the interview Ross,    this grant is not based on your knowledge of pretty useless trivia. Ross: No, no, no. Don't do that! I want you to look her in    the eyes, and tell her the truth. Charlie: Benji? Benjamin: Alright, it's true. I behaved horribly. But it's    only because I still love you. And I would do anything to have you back in    my life. Ross: Too little, too late, Benji! Charlie: I can't believe this. Benjamin: I never should have broken up with you. I think    about you all the time. I mean, do you ever still think about me?  Ross: (indignant) No! Charlie: Yes! Ross: What? Charlie: I don't know what to say, Benji. This is all so....    romantic. Ross: or... Benjamin: Listen, I know, I may be way out of bounds here,    but is there any chance you will take me back? Charlie: Maybe... Ross: Sweetie, this conversation is starting to make me a    little uncomfortable. Charlie: Oh God! I am so sorry, but... (she puts her hand    on Ross's cheek) I mean it's... there's so much history between us, you know... Benjamin: (puts his hand on Ross's other cheek) I'm sorry    too... (Charlie and Benji both let their hands slide down Ross's face, until their    hands meet, and they hold hands.) Benjamin: I love you! Charlie: I love you too! (and they start to kiss) Ross: Okay, that's it. WE ARE SEEING OTHER PEOPLE!    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene: Joey's bedroom. Joey's asleep with Hugsy, the penguin    right next to him.] (There are scratching and squeaking noises coming from the living room, and    Joey wakes up, terrified. He pulls his blanket higher. The doorknob is turning.) Joey: Gladys? (The door opens, and there is Gladys, still in her frame though. Joey panics    and moves frantically, screaming. Then there is laughing, and the painting is    lowered. It was Rachel holding Gladys.)  Rachel: Ha ha ha, third time this week. Man, this does not    get old. Joey: You're mean! Rachel: Oh, don't be such a baby! (She closes his door again, and turns around. Then she starts screaming, terrified.    There is Glynnis... And Monica holding her up, laughing.)  end        
Monica: What does the red X next to Bob Greenmore's name mean?
Phoebe: (looking at Monica entering) Hey!  Monica: Hey, you wanna go to see a movie? Phoebe: Well, I told you I had to spend all the day clearing    out stuff, so Mike could move in. Monica: Oh, right. Phoebe: Yeah.  Monica: Oh, well. Now that I'm here I might as well help you    with the cleaning and organizing! Just happen to have my label maker! Phoebe: Oh, it's so hard to get rid of stuff! Did   you and Chandler have to make compromises when you first moved in together? Monica: Uh, Chandler did! What does he want you  to give  up?  Phoebe: A bunch of stuff. And the worst one... he wants me    to get rid of Gladys. Monica: Who's Gladys? (Phoebe shows her a horrific painting    with a half-a-body girl dummy coming out of the frame. Monica's frightened and    she gasps.) Oh! What a tragic loss! Phoebe: Yeah. I really hate to give her up. Oh,   I know!! Oh, you should take her! Monica: (faking happiness) Well, I-I-I-I... I don't know... Phoebe: Why, you don't like her? Monica: Well, of course I do. What's not to like! I'll    take her in a minute! But, you know, I think that you're giving up too    easy, honey. I think that you need to fight for her! Phoebe: Really? You think? Monica: Absolutely! Yes, you say to him "I'm sorry    Mike I can't live without her, she means too much to me!" Phoebe: Ok, I'll fight for her. Ok! Oh, wait, oh I just    realized... if I do that, that means you don't get her. Monica: Damn it, I did not think this through!  [Scene: Central Perk. Rachel, Joey and Emma are there.]    Chandler: Hey you guys.  Rachel: Hi! Joey: Oh! Any word on casting yet? Chandler: Joe, I told you, you're just not right for    the part. Joey: What do you mean? Rach, don't I seem like a professor    you'd buy some kind of e-crap from? Rachel: I'm sorry, this sounds like something I'm never gonna    be interested in. Joey (to Chandler): Look, c'mon, please? It's    not like I'm asking for some crazy favour. This is what I do for a living. I    am a professional actor! (he glances at his watch and sees the time) Oh, man,    I'm two hours late for work! (he stands, ready to go). Look, here's a    copy of my reels. It's got all the commercials that I've been in. Chandler: Joe... Joey: Just watch it, and if you don't like it, you don't    pass it on to your bosses! Chandler: Fine! Joey: Thank you. (he sits down) Chandler: Work, Joe! Joey: Damn it! (he leaves) Chandler (to Rachel): What am I gonna do now? Joey: Just pass it to your boss! Chandler: He's not right for the part. So if I suggest    him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should    learn on their own! Rachel: Just tell Joey that you watched the tape and you liked    it, but your bosses didn't. Then that way, you're the good guy and    they're the bad guys. Chandler: That's good! I liked it, they didn't.    (he sees Joey out of the window hitting on a girl) Joey, for God's sake,    go to work! (Joey runs away).  [Scene: A restaurant. Ross and Charlie are waiting for her ex-boyfriend,    Benjamin Hobart]    Ross: I can't believe I'm about to meet Benjamin Hobart.    I've always thought of him as one of the people I'd invite to my fantasy dinner    party. Do you think there's any chance he'll bring Christie Brinkley    or C3PO? Charlie: (glances over Ross' shoulder) Sorry, looks    like it's just him. Benjamin: Charlie! My God, you look absolutely stunning! Ross: Well, I... I am having a good hair day. Benjamin: So good to see you. Charlie: Me too. (she and Benjamin are hugging for very long    and Ross starts pretending to clear his throat, until they stop) Ross: I'm ok. Charlie: I'm sorry... (introduces them to each other) Ross    Geller... Benjamin Hobart. Ross: It's an honor to meet you. I can't tell    you how long I've been an admirer of your work, I mean, that Nobel prize,    (he thumbs up) whoooo! I mean, I have to tell you that, you're one of    the reasons I got into the field. Benjamin: Oh, well, likewise. Actually, not likewise. I've    never heard of you until this morning, but, it's nice to be nice!  Charlie: Shall we? (they sit down and Benjamin takes Ross'    chair). Benjamin: (to Ross) Thank you! (to Charlie). I can't    believe that you chose this restaurant! Do you remember the night? Charlie: Oh my God, I completely forgot! (they laugh) Oh   my  God! I can't believe they let us back in this place! (they laugh   more, and Ross start laughing too). Benjamin (to Ross): You weren't there! Ross: No, but, it's, you know, it's just a funny image,    you know, the two of you, in this restaurant, with... (laughs nervously)tzz-zzz,    mmm. Charlie: Ross, why don't you tell Benji about your proposal,    while I go to the ladies room? Benjamin: So, tell me about it. Ross: Ok well, I would like to do a dig in the painted desert. Benjamin: M-m. Ross: See, there are still several areas that haven't    been fully excavated. Benjamin: Break up with Charlie! Ross: What? Benjamin: What? Ross: Did you just say "break up with Charlie"? Benjamin: Well, yes, and now. Yes I did say it, and no, I    didn't not say it. Ross: Kind of inappropriate, don't you think? Benjamin: I'm sorry. I just haven't seen her for so    long! All these feelings are rushing back! I'm starting to realize how much    I missed her, and I'm gonna need you to break up with her. Ross: Are you serious? Benjamin: If you say yes then I'm serious, if you say no then    I'm joking! Ross: No! Benjamin: Joking it is!  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters the room.]   Phoebe: Hi! Sorry, I'm late. Monica: Hey, how did it go with Mike, is he gonna let you    keep the painting? Phoebe: No, he really hates it. But he's gonna let me    keep my box of human hair! So you got to pick your battles. But the good news    is, Gladys is yours! Monica: Wow, what's the bad news! Rachel: Who's Gladys? Phoebe: Oh, she's that work of art I made, you know,    with the woman coming out of the frame. Rachel: (sarcastic) Oh, and Monica gets to keep her?   In her house? I am so jealous! Phoebe: Oh, I didn't know you wanted her too! Monica: Huh! Rachel: Well, I mean, sure, of course. But... you already    gave that to Monica, so... Monica: You know, I would give her up, for you. Rachel: No, I couldn't let you do that. Monica: But I want to. Rachel: But I don't want you to. Monica: But I insist! Rachel: But I insist harder! Phoebe: Girls, girls, stop, ok? We'll flip a coin. Heads,    she's Rachel's, tails she's Monica's. (she flips the    coin). Tails! Monica, she's yours! Monica: No, that landed in your food! Rachel: (sarcastic) No, no, that's ok. You won fair    and square. I'm so sad!  [Scene: Chandler walks into Joey's apartment]   Chandler: Hey Joe! Joey: What's up? Chandler: Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along    to my bosses and they weren't interested. Joey: (sounds disappointed) Oh. Chandler: (Hands the tape back to him) I'm sorry man. Joey: (looks at him suspiciously) But, ehm... you watched    the tape? Chandler: (sounds nervous) Yeah! I... I... I liked it! (Joey    continues to look at him suspiciously) But, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it.    Stupid sons of bitches! Joey: (sounds confident) You didn't watch the tape. Chandler: (looks surprised) What!? Of course I did! Joey: Look, it's one thing not to cast me, but to lie to me? Chandler: I'm not lying to you, I watched it! Joey: Well, you lied again! (Rachel comes out of her room    and is observing the conversation) Chandler: I watched it! Joey: Keep going Pinocchio! Chandler: (now yelling) (pretending to look shocked) I did! Joey: (yelling back) No you didn't! (turns and goes towards    his room) Chandler: (following him) I'm telling you, I watched the tape.    (Reaches Joey's room and Joey slams the door in his face) Rachel: Did you watch the tape? Chandler:(In a sarcastic "of course not"!-tone)    No!  [Scene: Interview room. Ross and two other professors (one man,    one woman) are sitting on one side of a long desk. Benjamin Hobart is sitting    on the other side]   Benjamin: The selection committee has chosen the three of    you as our finalists today. The ultimate decision will be based upon the answers    you give to the questions I ask here. I'm gonna start with Dr. Li. Dr. Li, you    claim the field is too reliant on the Linnaean taxonomic system. How do you    propose to correct this problem? Dr. Li: Well, I believe that the answers lie in the osteological    evidence. I plan to begin there. Benjamin: (nods) Interesting. Ross: (Rolls his eyes) I guess! Benjamin: Dr. Biely, your proposal includes some field work.    Where might that take place? Dr. Biely: Primarily in the Pierre Shale region of South Dakota. Benjamin: Certainly. Very well. And Dr. Geller, when is my    birthday? Ross: (shocked and confused by the question) What? I... I...    (Benjamin looks at him as if to say "What's wrong? Answer the question") Benjamin: Care to venture a guess? Ross: (annoyed) May 12th? Benjamin: (looks surprised and un-impressed) That's not even    kinda close! (Ross looks around confused) Dr. Li, how many graduate students    you'd be needing? Dr. Li: Half a dozen. Benjamin: I see, and Dr. Biely? Dr. Biely: Three for excavation and two for analysis. Benjamin: Certainly. Dr. Geller, which 1965 Shirelles hit    was later covered by a popular British invasion band? Ross: (even more shocked) Wha..? I need 6 graduate students.   Benjamin: No! I'm sorry, we were looking for "Baby It's    You". Baby It's You. Ross: Wha...? Wait, wait, wait, just a minute. None of my    questions have anything to do with Paleontology. Benjamin: You're right, I apologize. Scratch the last question.    Spell "Boscodictiasaur". Ross: (annoyed) um... I've never heard of a "Boscodictiasaur". Benjamin: Yeah, I just made it up. Spell it. Ross: (stares at him angrily) Ok. (determined to spell it    correctly) B - O - S ... Benjamin: No, it starts with a silent "M". Ross: Oh come on!!  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. Chandler and Rachel are    talking.]   Chandler: I can't believe Joey. I hate being called a liar! Rachel: But you are a liar. Chandler: What did I just say? (Joey comes out of his room) Joey: You still here? Chandler: Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am    insulted. When I tell somebody I did something... Joey: Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there, ok?    First, you lied, right? Then, you lied about lying, ok? Then you lied about    lying about lying, ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying    about... lying... (loses count and begins to count the number of 'lyings' in    the air but gives up.) (yelling) Stop lying! Chandler: Why are you so sure I didn't watch this tape? Joey: (very angry) You wanna know wh...? You wanna know why?    (goes back into his room)  Rachel: Well, this is going well. (Chandler looks worried) Joey: (comes out holding the tape) Here's how I know you didn't    watch the tape, ok? (puts it into the vcr) If you had seen what was on this    tape, believe me, you would have some comments. Alright, now remember, I    got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan. (presses play    and he appears on the TV screen and a TV commercial begins) (The commercial: Joey says "Ichiban". It displays a few girls dancing around and Joey    fills most of the screen, he puts something blue on his lips and smacks them    saying "Lipstick For Men!" It goes on to show him playing a guitar    and putting on more blue lipstick. In the end he says seductively "Ichiban...    Lipstick For Men" and "Sahiko" and it ends. Chandler and Rachel    are speechless.)  Joey: (Yelling at Chandler) And that's how I know you    didn't watch the tape! (goes back to his room and slams the door).  (Silence) Chandler: He really is a chameleon.  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters carrying the horrific    'painting' of Gladys. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the couch.]   Phoebe: (smiling from ear to ear) Well, Gladys say hello to    your new home! (she holds out the 'painting') Monica: (faking happiness) Oh, my!  Rachel: (surprised by how ugly it is) Wow! (sarcastic) Oh,    she's so nice and big! Oh, Monica, where are you going to display Gladys oh    so proudly? (looks around for a spot)  Monica: (sounds desperate, knowing what Rachel is trying to    do) I haven't really settled on a spot yet! Rachel: Well, hey! How about right above the TV? (Points to    the spot where her famous French poster is hanging). That way, it will be    the first thing that you see when you walk in the door! Phoebe: (genuinely excited about it) Yeah, yeah! And you can    get rid of that French poster. Monica: (offended) I like that poster! Phoebe: Really? It doesn't have anything coming out of it.    Or maybe there is some place for her in your bedroom? Rachel: (jumps at the chance to make that happen) Oh! There's    nothing above your bed!! Monica: (Impatient with Rachel) Are you still here? [Scene: Ross' office. Ross is pacing and Benjamin enters]   Ross: Oh hi! Hello! Uh, have you come to ask me some more paleontology    related questions? Uhm... your grandmother's nickname, perhaps? (Now yelling)    Aunt Margaret's pants size? Benjamin: I've come here to apologize. I think I may have    let my feelings for Charlie interfere with the interview process.  Ross: (Sarcastic) No! Stop!  Benjamin: Anyway, I've decided to offer you the grant.  Ross: (Skeptical) Really? Benjamin: Well... there is just one small... stipulation... Ross: I have to break up with Charlie? Benjamin: Hey, you got one right! (Ross shakes his head)  Ross: You're crazy. Benjamin: Crazy, or... romantic? Ross: Crazy! Benjamin: Ooor... Ross: (Yelling) Get out! (Benjamin leaves)  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Rachel enters, checking the mail, then looks up and sees Gladys placed on    the barcalounger.) Rachel: O-oh my God! Joey: (enters from his bedroom) What? Rachel: Joey, what... is... this...thing... doing here? Joey: I got it from Monica. She sold it to me for a very    reasonable price. Rachel: Joey, we're not keeping this! Joey: But it's an original Buffay... Rachel: Alright, fine. You can keep it. As long as you don't    mind that she's haunted.  Joey: Hey? what? what? wey! whoo! what? what!? Rachel: Well, legend has it Joey, that... she comes alive    when you're asleep. (Joey's eyes are twice their size now, and looks nervously from Rachel to Gladys    and back.) Rachel: She climbs out of the frame, and then drags her half-a-body    across the floor, just looking for legs to steal. (in a spooky, slow voice)    And then with her one good hand, she slo-o-owly re-e-a-aches up and turns your    doorknob. Joey: GET THAT LEGLESS WITCH OUT OF HERE! (Joey leaves for his bedroom, and Rachel grins. She then takes Gladys and enters    Monica's apartment.) Monica: Hey! I sold that to Joey. Rachel: Well, why I told him it's haunted. Two can play at    this game. (gives Gladys to Monica) Monica: No, too late. You can't give it back! (she pushes    the painting back to Rachel) Rachel: Yes I can! (pushes her back again) Monica: No you can't. She's yours! Rachel: She's yours! Monica: SHE'S YOURS! Rachel: She's yours! (While they are both pushing the painting towards each other, Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Hey! (there's a pause) Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's m-i-i-ne! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Phoebe: You guys! You guys! You don't have to fight over her    anymore. (she goes out into the hallway and enters with an even more hideous    painting/collage. One of those faceles mannequins heads wearing a blueish dress    and orange gloves reaching out into the room. Around the head 3 small dolls    are hovering.) Whoever doesn't get Gladys gets Glynnis. (Rachel and Monica are    gasping for air at the sight of this monstrous piece of art.) Rachel: I want Gladys! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey's home alone, reading a Sports    Illustrated magazine when Chandler enters.] Chandler: Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And    I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part    or not. Joey: That's not the point Chandler. The point is that you    lied. Chandler: I know. You're right. What's it gonna take for you    to forgive me?  [Scene: Central Perk. Monica, Phoebe and Rachel are on the couch.] Monica: Oh my God! (we see Joey and Chandler standing there, and Chandler is wearing the blue    Ichiban lipstick!) Rachel: Excellent! Joey: Now, what do you say? Chandler: Lying is wrong! Joey: And?... AND? Chandler: I'm a pretty little girl. Phoebe: I knew it!  [Scene: Central Perk. Some time later that day. The group has    left and Charlie is there when Ross enters.] Ross: Your ex-boyfriend is insane. Charlie: Did you get the grant? Ross: No I didn't, and you want to know why? Because your    ex-boyfriend is still in love with you. Charlie: What? Ross: Yeah. He wouldn't give me the grant, because I wouldn't    give you up. Charlie: Benji isn't in love with me. I mean, he broke up    with me. And besides, he's a very ethical man. Ross: Really? Is it ethical to ask someone in a grant review,    who was the voice of "Underdog"? Charlie: I'm sure he was just joking, Ross. Ross: If you don't believe me, let's go talk to him, okay?    I'm telling you, he didn't ask me one paleontological question. Charlie: Seriously? Ross: Oh, I'm sorry, no. He did ask me one. Uhm... How do    you spell Mboscodictiosaur? Charlie: Well, if it's like the lake Mbosco in Congo, then    M-B-O...  Ross: Damnit!  [Scene: Benjamin's office. Ross and Charlie are entering.] Benjamin: Dr. Geller...? Charlie... What are you... what are    you doing here? Ross: I want you to tell her everything. About the deal you    tried to make with me, about the crazy questions you... Wally Cox! That's the    voice of Underdog! Benjamin: Like I tried to tell you in the interview Ross,    this grant is not based on your knowledge of pretty useless trivia. Ross: No, no, no. Don't do that! I want you to look her in    the eyes, and tell her the truth. Charlie: Benji? Benjamin: Alright, it's true. I behaved horribly. But it's    only because I still love you. And I would do anything to have you back in    my life. Ross: Too little, too late, Benji! Charlie: I can't believe this. Benjamin: I never should have broken up with you. I think    about you all the time. I mean, do you ever still think about me?  Ross: (indignant) No! Charlie: Yes! Ross: What? Charlie: I don't know what to say, Benji. This is all so....    romantic. Ross: or... Benjamin: Listen, I know, I may be way out of bounds here,    but is there any chance you will take me back? Charlie: Maybe... Ross: Sweetie, this conversation is starting to make me a    little uncomfortable. Charlie: Oh God! I am so sorry, but... (she puts her hand    on Ross's cheek) I mean it's... there's so much history between us, you know... Benjamin: (puts his hand on Ross's other cheek) I'm sorry    too... (Charlie and Benji both let their hands slide down Ross's face, until their    hands meet, and they hold hands.) Benjamin: I love you! Charlie: I love you too! (and they start to kiss) Ross: Okay, that's it. WE ARE SEEING OTHER PEOPLE!    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene: Joey's bedroom. Joey's asleep with Hugsy, the penguin    right next to him.] (There are scratching and squeaking noises coming from the living room, and    Joey wakes up, terrified. He pulls his blanket higher. The doorknob is turning.) Joey: Gladys? (The door opens, and there is Gladys, still in her frame though. Joey panics    and moves frantically, screaming. Then there is laughing, and the painting is    lowered. It was Rachel holding Gladys.)  Rachel: Ha ha ha, third time this week. Man, this does not    get old. Joey: You're mean! Rachel: Oh, don't be such a baby! (She closes his door again, and turns around. Then she starts screaming, terrified.    There is Glynnis... And Monica holding her up, laughing.)  end        
Monica: Hey, you wanna go to see a movie?
Monica: Oh, right.
Monica: Oh, well. Now that I'm here I might as well help you    with the cleaning and organizing! Just happen to have my label maker!
Monica: Uh, Chandler did! What does he want you  to give  up?  Phoebe: A bunch of stuff. And the worst one... he wants me    to get rid of Gladys.
Monica: Who's Gladys? (Phoebe shows her a horrific painting    with a half-a-body girl dummy coming out of the frame. Monica's frightened and    she gasps.) Oh! What a tragic loss!
Monica: (faking happiness) Well, I-I-I-I... I don't know...
Monica: Well, of course I do. What's not to like! I'll    take her in a minute! But, you know, I think that you're giving up too    easy, honey. I think that you need to fight for her!
Monica: Absolutely! Yes, you say to him "I'm sorry    Mike I can't live without her, she means too much to me!"
Monica: Damn it, I did not think this through! 
   Chandler: Hey you guys.  Rachel: Hi! Joey: Oh! Any word on casting yet? Chandler: Joe, I told you, you're just not right for    the part. Joey: What do you mean? Rach, don't I seem like a professor    you'd buy some kind of e-crap from? Rachel: I'm sorry, this sounds like something I'm never gonna    be interested in. Joey (to Chandler): Look, c'mon, please? It's    not like I'm asking for some crazy favour. This is what I do for a living. I    am a professional actor! (he glances at his watch and sees the time) Oh, man,    I'm two hours late for work! (he stands, ready to go). Look, here's a    copy of my reels. It's got all the commercials that I've been in. Chandler: Joe... Joey: Just watch it, and if you don't like it, you don't    pass it on to your bosses! Chandler: Fine! Joey: Thank you. (he sits down) Chandler: Work, Joe! Joey: Damn it! (he leaves) Chandler (to Rachel): What am I gonna do now? Joey: Just pass it to your boss! Chandler: He's not right for the part. So if I suggest    him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should    learn on their own! Rachel: Just tell Joey that you watched the tape and you liked    it, but your bosses didn't. Then that way, you're the good guy and    they're the bad guys. Chandler: That's good! I liked it, they didn't.    (he sees Joey out of the window hitting on a girl) Joey, for God's sake,    go to work! (Joey runs away).  [Scene: A restaurant. Ross and Charlie are waiting for her ex-boyfriend,    Benjamin Hobart]    Ross: I can't believe I'm about to meet Benjamin Hobart.    I've always thought of him as one of the people I'd invite to my fantasy dinner    party. Do you think there's any chance he'll bring Christie Brinkley    or C3PO? Charlie: (glances over Ross' shoulder) Sorry, looks    like it's just him. Benjamin: Charlie! My God, you look absolutely stunning! Ross: Well, I... I am having a good hair day. Benjamin: So good to see you. Charlie: Me too. (she and Benjamin are hugging for very long    and Ross starts pretending to clear his throat, until they stop) Ross: I'm ok. Charlie: I'm sorry... (introduces them to each other) Ross    Geller... Benjamin Hobart. Ross: It's an honor to meet you. I can't tell    you how long I've been an admirer of your work, I mean, that Nobel prize,    (he thumbs up) whoooo! I mean, I have to tell you that, you're one of    the reasons I got into the field. Benjamin: Oh, well, likewise. Actually, not likewise. I've    never heard of you until this morning, but, it's nice to be nice!  Charlie: Shall we? (they sit down and Benjamin takes Ross'    chair). Benjamin: (to Ross) Thank you! (to Charlie). I can't    believe that you chose this restaurant! Do you remember the night? Charlie: Oh my God, I completely forgot! (they laugh) Oh   my  God! I can't believe they let us back in this place! (they laugh   more, and Ross start laughing too). Benjamin (to Ross): You weren't there! Ross: No, but, it's, you know, it's just a funny image,    you know, the two of you, in this restaurant, with... (laughs nervously)tzz-zzz,    mmm. Charlie: Ross, why don't you tell Benji about your proposal,    while I go to the ladies room? Benjamin: So, tell me about it. Ross: Ok well, I would like to do a dig in the painted desert. Benjamin: M-m. Ross: See, there are still several areas that haven't    been fully excavated. Benjamin: Break up with Charlie! Ross: What? Benjamin: What? Ross: Did you just say "break up with Charlie"? Benjamin: Well, yes, and now. Yes I did say it, and no, I    didn't not say it. Ross: Kind of inappropriate, don't you think? Benjamin: I'm sorry. I just haven't seen her for so    long! All these feelings are rushing back! I'm starting to realize how much    I missed her, and I'm gonna need you to break up with her. Ross: Are you serious? Benjamin: If you say yes then I'm serious, if you say no then    I'm joking! Ross: No! Benjamin: Joking it is!  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters the room.]   Phoebe: Hi! Sorry, I'm late. Monica: Hey, how did it go with Mike, is he gonna let you    keep the painting? Phoebe: No, he really hates it. But he's gonna let me    keep my box of human hair! So you got to pick your battles. But the good news    is, Gladys is yours! Monica: Wow, what's the bad news! Rachel: Who's Gladys? Phoebe: Oh, she's that work of art I made, you know,    with the woman coming out of the frame. Rachel: (sarcastic) Oh, and Monica gets to keep her?   In her house? I am so jealous! Phoebe: Oh, I didn't know you wanted her too! Monica: Huh! Rachel: Well, I mean, sure, of course. But... you already    gave that to Monica, so... Monica: You know, I would give her up, for you. Rachel: No, I couldn't let you do that. Monica: But I want to. Rachel: But I don't want you to. Monica: But I insist! Rachel: But I insist harder! Phoebe: Girls, girls, stop, ok? We'll flip a coin. Heads,    she's Rachel's, tails she's Monica's. (she flips the    coin). Tails! Monica, she's yours! Monica: No, that landed in your food! Rachel: (sarcastic) No, no, that's ok. You won fair    and square. I'm so sad!  [Scene: Chandler walks into Joey's apartment]   Chandler: Hey Joe! Joey: What's up? Chandler: Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along    to my bosses and they weren't interested. Joey: (sounds disappointed) Oh. Chandler: (Hands the tape back to him) I'm sorry man. Joey: (looks at him suspiciously) But, ehm... you watched    the tape? Chandler: (sounds nervous) Yeah! I... I... I liked it! (Joey    continues to look at him suspiciously) But, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it.    Stupid sons of bitches! Joey: (sounds confident) You didn't watch the tape. Chandler: (looks surprised) What!? Of course I did! Joey: Look, it's one thing not to cast me, but to lie to me? Chandler: I'm not lying to you, I watched it! Joey: Well, you lied again! (Rachel comes out of her room    and is observing the conversation) Chandler: I watched it! Joey: Keep going Pinocchio! Chandler: (now yelling) (pretending to look shocked) I did! Joey: (yelling back) No you didn't! (turns and goes towards    his room) Chandler: (following him) I'm telling you, I watched the tape.    (Reaches Joey's room and Joey slams the door in his face) Rachel: Did you watch the tape? Chandler:(In a sarcastic "of course not"!-tone)    No!  [Scene: Interview room. Ross and two other professors (one man,    one woman) are sitting on one side of a long desk. Benjamin Hobart is sitting    on the other side]   Benjamin: The selection committee has chosen the three of    you as our finalists today. The ultimate decision will be based upon the answers    you give to the questions I ask here. I'm gonna start with Dr. Li. Dr. Li, you    claim the field is too reliant on the Linnaean taxonomic system. How do you    propose to correct this problem? Dr. Li: Well, I believe that the answers lie in the osteological    evidence. I plan to begin there. Benjamin: (nods) Interesting. Ross: (Rolls his eyes) I guess! Benjamin: Dr. Biely, your proposal includes some field work.    Where might that take place? Dr. Biely: Primarily in the Pierre Shale region of South Dakota. Benjamin: Certainly. Very well. And Dr. Geller, when is my    birthday? Ross: (shocked and confused by the question) What? I... I...    (Benjamin looks at him as if to say "What's wrong? Answer the question") Benjamin: Care to venture a guess? Ross: (annoyed) May 12th? Benjamin: (looks surprised and un-impressed) That's not even    kinda close! (Ross looks around confused) Dr. Li, how many graduate students    you'd be needing? Dr. Li: Half a dozen. Benjamin: I see, and Dr. Biely? Dr. Biely: Three for excavation and two for analysis. Benjamin: Certainly. Dr. Geller, which 1965 Shirelles hit    was later covered by a popular British invasion band? Ross: (even more shocked) Wha..? I need 6 graduate students.   Benjamin: No! I'm sorry, we were looking for "Baby It's    You". Baby It's You. Ross: Wha...? Wait, wait, wait, just a minute. None of my    questions have anything to do with Paleontology. Benjamin: You're right, I apologize. Scratch the last question.    Spell "Boscodictiasaur". Ross: (annoyed) um... I've never heard of a "Boscodictiasaur". Benjamin: Yeah, I just made it up. Spell it. Ross: (stares at him angrily) Ok. (determined to spell it    correctly) B - O - S ... Benjamin: No, it starts with a silent "M". Ross: Oh come on!!  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. Chandler and Rachel are    talking.]   Chandler: I can't believe Joey. I hate being called a liar! Rachel: But you are a liar. Chandler: What did I just say? (Joey comes out of his room) Joey: You still here? Chandler: Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am    insulted. When I tell somebody I did something... Joey: Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there, ok?    First, you lied, right? Then, you lied about lying, ok? Then you lied about    lying about lying, ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying    about... lying... (loses count and begins to count the number of 'lyings' in    the air but gives up.) (yelling) Stop lying! Chandler: Why are you so sure I didn't watch this tape? Joey: (very angry) You wanna know wh...? You wanna know why?    (goes back into his room)  Rachel: Well, this is going well. (Chandler looks worried) Joey: (comes out holding the tape) Here's how I know you didn't    watch the tape, ok? (puts it into the vcr) If you had seen what was on this    tape, believe me, you would have some comments. Alright, now remember, I    got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan. (presses play    and he appears on the TV screen and a TV commercial begins) (The commercial: Joey says "Ichiban". It displays a few girls dancing around and Joey    fills most of the screen, he puts something blue on his lips and smacks them    saying "Lipstick For Men!" It goes on to show him playing a guitar    and putting on more blue lipstick. In the end he says seductively "Ichiban...    Lipstick For Men" and "Sahiko" and it ends. Chandler and Rachel    are speechless.)  Joey: (Yelling at Chandler) And that's how I know you    didn't watch the tape! (goes back to his room and slams the door).  (Silence) Chandler: He really is a chameleon.  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters carrying the horrific    'painting' of Gladys. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the couch.]   Phoebe: (smiling from ear to ear) Well, Gladys say hello to    your new home! (she holds out the 'painting') Monica: (faking happiness) Oh, my!  Rachel: (surprised by how ugly it is) Wow! (sarcastic) Oh,    she's so nice and big! Oh, Monica, where are you going to display Gladys oh    so proudly? (looks around for a spot)  Monica: (sounds desperate, knowing what Rachel is trying to    do) I haven't really settled on a spot yet! Rachel: Well, hey! How about right above the TV? (Points to    the spot where her famous French poster is hanging). That way, it will be    the first thing that you see when you walk in the door! Phoebe: (genuinely excited about it) Yeah, yeah! And you can    get rid of that French poster. Monica: (offended) I like that poster! Phoebe: Really? It doesn't have anything coming out of it.    Or maybe there is some place for her in your bedroom? Rachel: (jumps at the chance to make that happen) Oh! There's    nothing above your bed!! Monica: (Impatient with Rachel) Are you still here? [Scene: Ross' office. Ross is pacing and Benjamin enters]   Ross: Oh hi! Hello! Uh, have you come to ask me some more paleontology    related questions? Uhm... your grandmother's nickname, perhaps? (Now yelling)    Aunt Margaret's pants size? Benjamin: I've come here to apologize. I think I may have    let my feelings for Charlie interfere with the interview process.  Ross: (Sarcastic) No! Stop!  Benjamin: Anyway, I've decided to offer you the grant.  Ross: (Skeptical) Really? Benjamin: Well... there is just one small... stipulation... Ross: I have to break up with Charlie? Benjamin: Hey, you got one right! (Ross shakes his head)  Ross: You're crazy. Benjamin: Crazy, or... romantic? Ross: Crazy! Benjamin: Ooor... Ross: (Yelling) Get out! (Benjamin leaves)  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Rachel enters, checking the mail, then looks up and sees Gladys placed on    the barcalounger.) Rachel: O-oh my God! Joey: (enters from his bedroom) What? Rachel: Joey, what... is... this...thing... doing here? Joey: I got it from Monica. She sold it to me for a very    reasonable price. Rachel: Joey, we're not keeping this! Joey: But it's an original Buffay... Rachel: Alright, fine. You can keep it. As long as you don't    mind that she's haunted.  Joey: Hey? what? what? wey! whoo! what? what!? Rachel: Well, legend has it Joey, that... she comes alive    when you're asleep. (Joey's eyes are twice their size now, and looks nervously from Rachel to Gladys    and back.) Rachel: She climbs out of the frame, and then drags her half-a-body    across the floor, just looking for legs to steal. (in a spooky, slow voice)    And then with her one good hand, she slo-o-owly re-e-a-aches up and turns your    doorknob. Joey: GET THAT LEGLESS WITCH OUT OF HERE! (Joey leaves for his bedroom, and Rachel grins. She then takes Gladys and enters    Monica's apartment.) Monica: Hey! I sold that to Joey. Rachel: Well, why I told him it's haunted. Two can play at    this game. (gives Gladys to Monica) Monica: No, too late. You can't give it back! (she pushes    the painting back to Rachel) Rachel: Yes I can! (pushes her back again) Monica: No you can't. She's yours! Rachel: She's yours! Monica: SHE'S YOURS! Rachel: She's yours! (While they are both pushing the painting towards each other, Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Hey! (there's a pause) Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's m-i-i-ne! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Phoebe: You guys! You guys! You don't have to fight over her    anymore. (she goes out into the hallway and enters with an even more hideous    painting/collage. One of those faceles mannequins heads wearing a blueish dress    and orange gloves reaching out into the room. Around the head 3 small dolls    are hovering.) Whoever doesn't get Gladys gets Glynnis. (Rachel and Monica are    gasping for air at the sight of this monstrous piece of art.) Rachel: I want Gladys! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey's home alone, reading a Sports    Illustrated magazine when Chandler enters.] Chandler: Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And    I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part    or not. Joey: That's not the point Chandler. The point is that you    lied. Chandler: I know. You're right. What's it gonna take for you    to forgive me?  [Scene: Central Perk. Monica, Phoebe and Rachel are on the couch.] Monica: Oh my God! (we see Joey and Chandler standing there, and Chandler is wearing the blue    Ichiban lipstick!) Rachel: Excellent! Joey: Now, what do you say? Chandler: Lying is wrong! Joey: And?... AND? Chandler: I'm a pretty little girl. Phoebe: I knew it!  [Scene: Central Perk. Some time later that day. The group has    left and Charlie is there when Ross enters.] Ross: Your ex-boyfriend is insane. Charlie: Did you get the grant? Ross: No I didn't, and you want to know why? Because your    ex-boyfriend is still in love with you. Charlie: What? Ross: Yeah. He wouldn't give me the grant, because I wouldn't    give you up. Charlie: Benji isn't in love with me. I mean, he broke up    with me. And besides, he's a very ethical man. Ross: Really? Is it ethical to ask someone in a grant review,    who was the voice of "Underdog"? Charlie: I'm sure he was just joking, Ross. Ross: If you don't believe me, let's go talk to him, okay?    I'm telling you, he didn't ask me one paleontological question. Charlie: Seriously? Ross: Oh, I'm sorry, no. He did ask me one. Uhm... How do    you spell Mboscodictiosaur? Charlie: Well, if it's like the lake Mbosco in Congo, then    M-B-O...  Ross: Damnit!  [Scene: Benjamin's office. Ross and Charlie are entering.] Benjamin: Dr. Geller...? Charlie... What are you... what are    you doing here? Ross: I want you to tell her everything. About the deal you    tried to make with me, about the crazy questions you... Wally Cox! That's the    voice of Underdog! Benjamin: Like I tried to tell you in the interview Ross,    this grant is not based on your knowledge of pretty useless trivia. Ross: No, no, no. Don't do that! I want you to look her in    the eyes, and tell her the truth. Charlie: Benji? Benjamin: Alright, it's true. I behaved horribly. But it's    only because I still love you. And I would do anything to have you back in    my life. Ross: Too little, too late, Benji! Charlie: I can't believe this. Benjamin: I never should have broken up with you. I think    about you all the time. I mean, do you ever still think about me?  Ross: (indignant) No! Charlie: Yes! Ross: What? Charlie: I don't know what to say, Benji. This is all so....    romantic. Ross: or... Benjamin: Listen, I know, I may be way out of bounds here,    but is there any chance you will take me back? Charlie: Maybe... Ross: Sweetie, this conversation is starting to make me a    little uncomfortable. Charlie: Oh God! I am so sorry, but... (she puts her hand    on Ross's cheek) I mean it's... there's so much history between us, you know... Benjamin: (puts his hand on Ross's other cheek) I'm sorry    too... (Charlie and Benji both let their hands slide down Ross's face, until their    hands meet, and they hold hands.) Benjamin: I love you! Charlie: I love you too! (and they start to kiss) Ross: Okay, that's it. WE ARE SEEING OTHER PEOPLE!    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene: Joey's bedroom. Joey's asleep with Hugsy, the penguin    right next to him.] (There are scratching and squeaking noises coming from the living room, and    Joey wakes up, terrified. He pulls his blanket higher. The doorknob is turning.) Joey: Gladys? (The door opens, and there is Gladys, still in her frame though. Joey panics    and moves frantically, screaming. Then there is laughing, and the painting is    lowered. It was Rachel holding Gladys.)  Rachel: Ha ha ha, third time this week. Man, this does not    get old. Joey: You're mean! Rachel: Oh, don't be such a baby! (She closes his door again, and turns around. Then she starts screaming, terrified.    There is Glynnis... And Monica holding her up, laughing.)  end        
Chandler: Hey you guys.  Rachel: Hi! Joey: Oh! Any word on casting yet? Chandler: Joe, I told you, you're just not right for    the part. Joey: What do you mean? Rach, don't I seem like a professor    you'd buy some kind of e-crap from? Rachel: I'm sorry, this sounds like something I'm never gonna    be interested in. Joey (to Chandler): Look, c'mon, please? It's    not like I'm asking for some crazy favour. This is what I do for a living. I    am a professional actor! (he glances at his watch and sees the time) Oh, man,    I'm two hours late for work! (he stands, ready to go). Look, here's a    copy of my reels. It's got all the commercials that I've been in. Chandler: Joe... Joey: Just watch it, and if you don't like it, you don't    pass it on to your bosses! Chandler: Fine! Joey: Thank you. (he sits down) Chandler: Work, Joe! Joey: Damn it! (he leaves) Chandler (to Rachel): What am I gonna do now? Joey: Just pass it to your boss! Chandler: He's not right for the part. So if I suggest    him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should    learn on their own! Rachel: Just tell Joey that you watched the tape and you liked    it, but your bosses didn't. Then that way, you're the good guy and    they're the bad guys. Chandler: That's good! I liked it, they didn't.    (he sees Joey out of the window hitting on a girl) Joey, for God's sake,    go to work! (Joey runs away).  [Scene: A restaurant. Ross and Charlie are waiting for her ex-boyfriend,    Benjamin Hobart]    Ross: I can't believe I'm about to meet Benjamin Hobart.    I've always thought of him as one of the people I'd invite to my fantasy dinner    party. Do you think there's any chance he'll bring Christie Brinkley    or C3PO? Charlie: (glances over Ross' shoulder) Sorry, looks    like it's just him. Benjamin: Charlie! My God, you look absolutely stunning! Ross: Well, I... I am having a good hair day. Benjamin: So good to see you. Charlie: Me too. (she and Benjamin are hugging for very long    and Ross starts pretending to clear his throat, until they stop) Ross: I'm ok. Charlie: I'm sorry... (introduces them to each other) Ross    Geller... Benjamin Hobart. Ross: It's an honor to meet you. I can't tell    you how long I've been an admirer of your work, I mean, that Nobel prize,    (he thumbs up) whoooo! I mean, I have to tell you that, you're one of    the reasons I got into the field. Benjamin: Oh, well, likewise. Actually, not likewise. I've    never heard of you until this morning, but, it's nice to be nice!  Charlie: Shall we? (they sit down and Benjamin takes Ross'    chair). Benjamin: (to Ross) Thank you! (to Charlie). I can't    believe that you chose this restaurant! Do you remember the night? Charlie: Oh my God, I completely forgot! (they laugh) Oh   my  God! I can't believe they let us back in this place! (they laugh   more, and Ross start laughing too). Benjamin (to Ross): You weren't there! Ross: No, but, it's, you know, it's just a funny image,    you know, the two of you, in this restaurant, with... (laughs nervously)tzz-zzz,    mmm. Charlie: Ross, why don't you tell Benji about your proposal,    while I go to the ladies room? Benjamin: So, tell me about it. Ross: Ok well, I would like to do a dig in the painted desert. Benjamin: M-m. Ross: See, there are still several areas that haven't    been fully excavated. Benjamin: Break up with Charlie! Ross: What? Benjamin: What? Ross: Did you just say "break up with Charlie"? Benjamin: Well, yes, and now. Yes I did say it, and no, I    didn't not say it. Ross: Kind of inappropriate, don't you think? Benjamin: I'm sorry. I just haven't seen her for so    long! All these feelings are rushing back! I'm starting to realize how much    I missed her, and I'm gonna need you to break up with her. Ross: Are you serious? Benjamin: If you say yes then I'm serious, if you say no then    I'm joking! Ross: No! Benjamin: Joking it is!  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters the room.]   Phoebe: Hi! Sorry, I'm late. Monica: Hey, how did it go with Mike, is he gonna let you    keep the painting? Phoebe: No, he really hates it. But he's gonna let me    keep my box of human hair! So you got to pick your battles. But the good news    is, Gladys is yours! Monica: Wow, what's the bad news! Rachel: Who's Gladys? Phoebe: Oh, she's that work of art I made, you know,    with the woman coming out of the frame. Rachel: (sarcastic) Oh, and Monica gets to keep her?   In her house? I am so jealous! Phoebe: Oh, I didn't know you wanted her too! Monica: Huh! Rachel: Well, I mean, sure, of course. But... you already    gave that to Monica, so... Monica: You know, I would give her up, for you. Rachel: No, I couldn't let you do that. Monica: But I want to. Rachel: But I don't want you to. Monica: But I insist! Rachel: But I insist harder! Phoebe: Girls, girls, stop, ok? We'll flip a coin. Heads,    she's Rachel's, tails she's Monica's. (she flips the    coin). Tails! Monica, she's yours! Monica: No, that landed in your food! Rachel: (sarcastic) No, no, that's ok. You won fair    and square. I'm so sad!  [Scene: Chandler walks into Joey's apartment]   Chandler: Hey Joe! Joey: What's up? Chandler: Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along    to my bosses and they weren't interested. Joey: (sounds disappointed) Oh. Chandler: (Hands the tape back to him) I'm sorry man. Joey: (looks at him suspiciously) But, ehm... you watched    the tape? Chandler: (sounds nervous) Yeah! I... I... I liked it! (Joey    continues to look at him suspiciously) But, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it.    Stupid sons of bitches! Joey: (sounds confident) You didn't watch the tape. Chandler: (looks surprised) What!? Of course I did! Joey: Look, it's one thing not to cast me, but to lie to me? Chandler: I'm not lying to you, I watched it! Joey: Well, you lied again! (Rachel comes out of her room    and is observing the conversation) Chandler: I watched it! Joey: Keep going Pinocchio! Chandler: (now yelling) (pretending to look shocked) I did! Joey: (yelling back) No you didn't! (turns and goes towards    his room) Chandler: (following him) I'm telling you, I watched the tape.    (Reaches Joey's room and Joey slams the door in his face) Rachel: Did you watch the tape? Chandler:(In a sarcastic "of course not"!-tone)    No!  [Scene: Interview room. Ross and two other professors (one man,    one woman) are sitting on one side of a long desk. Benjamin Hobart is sitting    on the other side]   Benjamin: The selection committee has chosen the three of    you as our finalists today. The ultimate decision will be based upon the answers    you give to the questions I ask here. I'm gonna start with Dr. Li. Dr. Li, you    claim the field is too reliant on the Linnaean taxonomic system. How do you    propose to correct this problem? Dr. Li: Well, I believe that the answers lie in the osteological    evidence. I plan to begin there. Benjamin: (nods) Interesting. Ross: (Rolls his eyes) I guess! Benjamin: Dr. Biely, your proposal includes some field work.    Where might that take place? Dr. Biely: Primarily in the Pierre Shale region of South Dakota. Benjamin: Certainly. Very well. And Dr. Geller, when is my    birthday? Ross: (shocked and confused by the question) What? I... I...    (Benjamin looks at him as if to say "What's wrong? Answer the question") Benjamin: Care to venture a guess? Ross: (annoyed) May 12th? Benjamin: (looks surprised and un-impressed) That's not even    kinda close! (Ross looks around confused) Dr. Li, how many graduate students    you'd be needing? Dr. Li: Half a dozen. Benjamin: I see, and Dr. Biely? Dr. Biely: Three for excavation and two for analysis. Benjamin: Certainly. Dr. Geller, which 1965 Shirelles hit    was later covered by a popular British invasion band? Ross: (even more shocked) Wha..? I need 6 graduate students.   Benjamin: No! I'm sorry, we were looking for "Baby It's    You". Baby It's You. Ross: Wha...? Wait, wait, wait, just a minute. None of my    questions have anything to do with Paleontology. Benjamin: You're right, I apologize. Scratch the last question.    Spell "Boscodictiasaur". Ross: (annoyed) um... I've never heard of a "Boscodictiasaur". Benjamin: Yeah, I just made it up. Spell it. Ross: (stares at him angrily) Ok. (determined to spell it    correctly) B - O - S ... Benjamin: No, it starts with a silent "M". Ross: Oh come on!!  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. Chandler and Rachel are    talking.]   Chandler: I can't believe Joey. I hate being called a liar! Rachel: But you are a liar. Chandler: What did I just say? (Joey comes out of his room) Joey: You still here? Chandler: Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am    insulted. When I tell somebody I did something... Joey: Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there, ok?    First, you lied, right? Then, you lied about lying, ok? Then you lied about    lying about lying, ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying    about... lying... (loses count and begins to count the number of 'lyings' in    the air but gives up.) (yelling) Stop lying! Chandler: Why are you so sure I didn't watch this tape? Joey: (very angry) You wanna know wh...? You wanna know why?    (goes back into his room)  Rachel: Well, this is going well. (Chandler looks worried) Joey: (comes out holding the tape) Here's how I know you didn't    watch the tape, ok? (puts it into the vcr) If you had seen what was on this    tape, believe me, you would have some comments. Alright, now remember, I    got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan. (presses play    and he appears on the TV screen and a TV commercial begins) (The commercial: Joey says "Ichiban". It displays a few girls dancing around and Joey    fills most of the screen, he puts something blue on his lips and smacks them    saying "Lipstick For Men!" It goes on to show him playing a guitar    and putting on more blue lipstick. In the end he says seductively "Ichiban...    Lipstick For Men" and "Sahiko" and it ends. Chandler and Rachel    are speechless.)  Joey: (Yelling at Chandler) And that's how I know you    didn't watch the tape! (goes back to his room and slams the door).  (Silence) Chandler: He really is a chameleon.  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters carrying the horrific    'painting' of Gladys. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the couch.]   Phoebe: (smiling from ear to ear) Well, Gladys say hello to    your new home! (she holds out the 'painting') Monica: (faking happiness) Oh, my!  Rachel: (surprised by how ugly it is) Wow! (sarcastic) Oh,    she's so nice and big! Oh, Monica, where are you going to display Gladys oh    so proudly? (looks around for a spot)  Monica: (sounds desperate, knowing what Rachel is trying to    do) I haven't really settled on a spot yet! Rachel: Well, hey! How about right above the TV? (Points to    the spot where her famous French poster is hanging). That way, it will be    the first thing that you see when you walk in the door! Phoebe: (genuinely excited about it) Yeah, yeah! And you can    get rid of that French poster. Monica: (offended) I like that poster! Phoebe: Really? It doesn't have anything coming out of it.    Or maybe there is some place for her in your bedroom? Rachel: (jumps at the chance to make that happen) Oh! There's    nothing above your bed!! Monica: (Impatient with Rachel) Are you still here? [Scene: Ross' office. Ross is pacing and Benjamin enters]   Ross: Oh hi! Hello! Uh, have you come to ask me some more paleontology    related questions? Uhm... your grandmother's nickname, perhaps? (Now yelling)    Aunt Margaret's pants size? Benjamin: I've come here to apologize. I think I may have    let my feelings for Charlie interfere with the interview process.  Ross: (Sarcastic) No! Stop!  Benjamin: Anyway, I've decided to offer you the grant.  Ross: (Skeptical) Really? Benjamin: Well... there is just one small... stipulation... Ross: I have to break up with Charlie? Benjamin: Hey, you got one right! (Ross shakes his head)  Ross: You're crazy. Benjamin: Crazy, or... romantic? Ross: Crazy! Benjamin: Ooor... Ross: (Yelling) Get out! (Benjamin leaves)  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Rachel enters, checking the mail, then looks up and sees Gladys placed on    the barcalounger.) Rachel: O-oh my God! Joey: (enters from his bedroom) What? Rachel: Joey, what... is... this...thing... doing here? Joey: I got it from Monica. She sold it to me for a very    reasonable price. Rachel: Joey, we're not keeping this! Joey: But it's an original Buffay... Rachel: Alright, fine. You can keep it. As long as you don't    mind that she's haunted.  Joey: Hey? what? what? wey! whoo! what? what!? Rachel: Well, legend has it Joey, that... she comes alive    when you're asleep. (Joey's eyes are twice their size now, and looks nervously from Rachel to Gladys    and back.) Rachel: She climbs out of the frame, and then drags her half-a-body    across the floor, just looking for legs to steal. (in a spooky, slow voice)    And then with her one good hand, she slo-o-owly re-e-a-aches up and turns your    doorknob. Joey: GET THAT LEGLESS WITCH OUT OF HERE! (Joey leaves for his bedroom, and Rachel grins. She then takes Gladys and enters    Monica's apartment.) Monica: Hey! I sold that to Joey. Rachel: Well, why I told him it's haunted. Two can play at    this game. (gives Gladys to Monica) Monica: No, too late. You can't give it back! (she pushes    the painting back to Rachel) Rachel: Yes I can! (pushes her back again) Monica: No you can't. She's yours! Rachel: She's yours! Monica: SHE'S YOURS! Rachel: She's yours! (While they are both pushing the painting towards each other, Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Hey! (there's a pause) Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's m-i-i-ne! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Phoebe: You guys! You guys! You don't have to fight over her    anymore. (she goes out into the hallway and enters with an even more hideous    painting/collage. One of those faceles mannequins heads wearing a blueish dress    and orange gloves reaching out into the room. Around the head 3 small dolls    are hovering.) Whoever doesn't get Gladys gets Glynnis. (Rachel and Monica are    gasping for air at the sight of this monstrous piece of art.) Rachel: I want Gladys! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey's home alone, reading a Sports    Illustrated magazine when Chandler enters.] Chandler: Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And    I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part    or not. Joey: That's not the point Chandler. The point is that you    lied. Chandler: I know. You're right. What's it gonna take for you    to forgive me?  [Scene: Central Perk. Monica, Phoebe and Rachel are on the couch.] Monica: Oh my God! (we see Joey and Chandler standing there, and Chandler is wearing the blue    Ichiban lipstick!) Rachel: Excellent! Joey: Now, what do you say? Chandler: Lying is wrong! Joey: And?... AND? Chandler: I'm a pretty little girl. Phoebe: I knew it!  [Scene: Central Perk. Some time later that day. The group has    left and Charlie is there when Ross enters.] Ross: Your ex-boyfriend is insane. Charlie: Did you get the grant? Ross: No I didn't, and you want to know why? Because your    ex-boyfriend is still in love with you. Charlie: What? Ross: Yeah. He wouldn't give me the grant, because I wouldn't    give you up. Charlie: Benji isn't in love with me. I mean, he broke up    with me. And besides, he's a very ethical man. Ross: Really? Is it ethical to ask someone in a grant review,    who was the voice of "Underdog"? Charlie: I'm sure he was just joking, Ross. Ross: If you don't believe me, let's go talk to him, okay?    I'm telling you, he didn't ask me one paleontological question. Charlie: Seriously? Ross: Oh, I'm sorry, no. He did ask me one. Uhm... How do    you spell Mboscodictiosaur? Charlie: Well, if it's like the lake Mbosco in Congo, then    M-B-O...  Ross: Damnit!  [Scene: Benjamin's office. Ross and Charlie are entering.] Benjamin: Dr. Geller...? Charlie... What are you... what are    you doing here? Ross: I want you to tell her everything. About the deal you    tried to make with me, about the crazy questions you... Wally Cox! That's the    voice of Underdog! Benjamin: Like I tried to tell you in the interview Ross,    this grant is not based on your knowledge of pretty useless trivia. Ross: No, no, no. Don't do that! I want you to look her in    the eyes, and tell her the truth. Charlie: Benji? Benjamin: Alright, it's true. I behaved horribly. But it's    only because I still love you. And I would do anything to have you back in    my life. Ross: Too little, too late, Benji! Charlie: I can't believe this. Benjamin: I never should have broken up with you. I think    about you all the time. I mean, do you ever still think about me?  Ross: (indignant) No! Charlie: Yes! Ross: What? Charlie: I don't know what to say, Benji. This is all so....    romantic. Ross: or... Benjamin: Listen, I know, I may be way out of bounds here,    but is there any chance you will take me back? Charlie: Maybe... Ross: Sweetie, this conversation is starting to make me a    little uncomfortable. Charlie: Oh God! I am so sorry, but... (she puts her hand    on Ross's cheek) I mean it's... there's so much history between us, you know... Benjamin: (puts his hand on Ross's other cheek) I'm sorry    too... (Charlie and Benji both let their hands slide down Ross's face, until their    hands meet, and they hold hands.) Benjamin: I love you! Charlie: I love you too! (and they start to kiss) Ross: Okay, that's it. WE ARE SEEING OTHER PEOPLE!    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene: Joey's bedroom. Joey's asleep with Hugsy, the penguin    right next to him.] (There are scratching and squeaking noises coming from the living room, and    Joey wakes up, terrified. He pulls his blanket higher. The doorknob is turning.) Joey: Gladys? (The door opens, and there is Gladys, still in her frame though. Joey panics    and moves frantically, screaming. Then there is laughing, and the painting is    lowered. It was Rachel holding Gladys.)  Rachel: Ha ha ha, third time this week. Man, this does not    get old. Joey: You're mean! Rachel: Oh, don't be such a baby! (She closes his door again, and turns around. Then she starts screaming, terrified.    There is Glynnis... And Monica holding her up, laughing.)  end        
Monica: Hey, how did it go with Mike, is he gonna let you    keep the painting?
Monica: Wow, what's the bad news!
Monica: Huh!
Monica: You know, I would give her up, for you.
Monica: But I want to.
Monica: But I insist!
Monica: No, that landed in your food!
Monica: (faking happiness) Oh, my! 
 Monica: (sounds desperate, knowing what Rachel is trying to    do) I haven't really settled on a spot yet!
Monica: (offended) I like that poster!
Monica: (Impatient with Rachel) Are you still here?
Monica: Hey! I sold that to Joey.
Monica: No, too late. You can't give it back! (she pushes    the painting back to Rachel)
Monica: No you can't. She's yours!
Monica: SHE'S YOURS!
Monica: She's m-i-i-ne!
Monica: She's mine!
Monica: She's mine!
Monica: She's mine!
Monica: Oh my God!
Written by: Mark Kunerth   Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa   Final check by Kim [Scene: Central Perk] (Joey and Ross enter. Phoebe and Mike are sitting on the couch, reading a magazine.) Ross: Hey you guys! Phoebe: Hey! Ross: Hey, what are you doing? Mike: Oh, figuring out our wedding plans. Chandler: That's funny, we were doing the same thing! Ross: Yeah! Phoebe: It's really crazy! The hall, the dress, the food... I-I had no idea    how expensive this stuff was! Chandler: Yeah it is really pricey. I mean, I freaked when I first heard the    numbers. Phoebe: So what did you two do about it? Chandler: It was pretty simple actually, I came up with a couple of cost-cutting    solutions, wrote out a list and Monica told me to go to hell. Ross: There's no way around it Pheebs, you just gonna have to accept the fact    that this is gonna cost you a lot of money. Mike: I heard that weddings are like a 40 billion dollar a year industry. Ross: Yeah, and I'm responsible for just like half of that. Phoebe: But really, it does seem like this money could be put to better use? Mike: Are you serious? Phoebe: Yeah! Now, how would you feel if we gave all the wedding money to charity    and we just got married at City Hall? Mike: I think it would make me wanna marry you even more. (he kisses her) Ross: I've got to say you guys, that's an incredible gesture! Chandler: (to Ross) Maybe you do that next time you get married! Ross: No, no, no. The next time it's gonna be a Hawaii at sunset. [pause] But    maybe the time after that!  Opening Credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] (Monica is cleaning the table, Chandler is sitting on the sofa. Joey enters.) Joey: Hey! Chandler: Hey! Joey: What's going on? Chandler: Our adoption social worker is coming by today so we are cleaning    the apartment. Monica: (sarcastically) We? Chandler: You know you don't want me to help. You can't have it both ways! Joey: Hey, is this person who decides whether or not you... get a baby? Chandler: Kind of. She's coming by to interview us and see where we live. Monica: And it has to go perfectly, because if she doesn't like something about    us she can keep us off every adoption list in the state. Joey: Hey, maybe I should stop by! She could be a soap opera fan! It's very    impressive when the little people know a celebrity. Chandler: (pointing at himself) Little people? Joey: (pointing at himself) Celebrity. Monica: Ok, so I think I'm just about done here, unless you have any bad stuff    hidden somewhere, like... porn or cigarettes? Chandler: What...? NO! Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (he stands up and he feels very offended) I don't, and I'm offended    by the insinuation! Monica: Ok, so there's not a magazine under the couch, or a pack of cigarettes    taped to the back of the toilet tank, or a filthy video in the VCR? Chandler: I'll admit to the cigarettes and the magazine, but that tape is not    mine. Monica: It isn't mine! Joey: (going out with the VCR in his hand) Well, I guess we'll never know whose    it is!     [Scene: The New York City Children's fund hallway.] Charity guy: May I help you?  Phoebe: Yes. We're here to make a rather sizeable donation to the children. Charity guy: Well, any contribution, large or small, is always appreciated. Phoebe: Well, I think you're gonna appreciate it the crap out of this one (she    gives him a check) Charity guy: Well, this is very generous! Phoebe: And we don't want any recognition. This is completely anonymous. Mike: Completely anonymous. From two kind strangers. Phoebe: Mr. X and Phoebe Buffay. Charity guy: Well if you like, we can include your names in our newsletter. Mike: Not necessary. Phoebe: Buffay is spelled B-U-F-F-A-Y. Mike: And "X" is spelled uhm... "Mike Hannigan". Charity guy: Right. Well, on behalf of the children: thank you both very much. Phoebe: Sure, I so glad we did this. It feels so good! Mike: It does. It feels really good! Phoebe: Oh, look! And we get these free t-shirts! (she takes a t-shirt which    was on the counter) Charity guy: Oh, actually, that's the shirt I wore to the gym. Phoebe: Mhm... it's moist.   [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] Ross: (he enters) Hi! Rachel: Hi! Emma will be up in a minute! Ross: Oh, good! Rachel: Oh hey Ross... Listen, I heard about you and Charlie. I'm really sorry. Ross: Oh, that's OK. I'm sure there are tons of other beautiful paleontologists    out there. Rachel: Absolutely. Ross: There was one! She's it! All the rest look like they should live under    a bridge! Rachel: So, uhm... what are you gonna do today? Ross: Well, I was thinking of taking Emma to the playground! Rachel: Oh my God, what!? Ross: Like I said I was thinking of taking Emma to the museum of knives and    fire! Rachel: Ok, look, Ross. I do not want Emma going to the playground. Ross: Be-caaauuuse... Rachel: (upset) All right, well, if you must know... I had a traumatic... swing    incident... when I was little. Ross: Seriously? Rachel: Yes, I was 4 years old and I was on the swing and then all of a sudden    my hair got tangled in the chain. And to get me out my mom had to-had to cut    a big chunk of my hair! (crying) And it was uneven for weeks! Ross: (sarcastic) And you made it through that? I wonder who's gonna play you    in the movie! Rachel: Ok, fine! You can make fun of me. I do not want Emma going there. And    I was thinking Claire Danes. Ross: Look, I'm sorry to hear about your tragedy, ok? But the swings are perfectly    safe, and besides Emma loves them. You know what, you should come with us and    you'll see! Rachel: Ross, those things go like 40 miles an hour! Ok? When you're... and    there is that moment when you are at the top, when you just don't know if you're    gonna return back to earth!  Ross: Space is filled with orbiting children. (pause) Look, please, just come    on, you know, when you’ll see the look on Emma’s face, I swear you    won’t regret it. Rachel: All right! Ross: Good, you don’t want to be one of those mothers who pass on their    irrational fears on their children, do you? Rachel: Irrational, huh? All right, well, I’ll remember that the next    time you freak out about a spider in your apartment! Ross: Oh, yeah, that’s the same, I am sure there are thirty different    species of poisonous swings!  [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Somebody knocks the door] Monica: Oh my God, the adoption lady is early! Chandler: Ok, ok, here we go. Monica: Ok. Chandler: Here we go. Stand up straight. (smiling) Big smile. (opens the door    and both are smiling exaggeratedly) Phoebe: Hello, is this the creepy residence? Monica: We’re waiting for the adoption lady, but, hey, I’m glad    you’re here. I was cleaning this morning and I found this (she puts a    box on the table and opens it). I don’t know if you wanna use it, but… Phoebe: Awe, this is so sweet of you! But you know what? I won’t be needing    a veil, I actually won’t be wearing a dress at all! Monica: I told you! I am not coming to a naked wedding!  Phoebe: No, no, no, we’re not having a big reception, we took the money    we were gonna spend on a wedding and we donate them to the children charity. Monica: That’s crazy! (Phoebe looks bewildered). I am sorry. I just can’t    imagine giving up my one wedding day like that! Phoebe: We, you know, we’re different! We don’t care about having    a huge party. (She picks up the veil) This is really nice for you, but, oh,    please, I put this on? (she puts it on) And, ow, I look (she looks her reflex    image on a toaster), why, well, radiant. (pause) All right, well, who cares,    I don’t need a pretty veil and a fancy dress. Monica: That’s right. You’re making a commitment and that’s    the same, whether you do that at the Plaza or, where are you gonna do it? Phoebe: City Hall. Monica: Ow! (Chandler slaps her on her back) Oh, that sounds nice! I am just    there for jury duty. They really spruce that place up! Phoebe: It’s ok, it’s ok. I made my decision. What I really want    is a great big wedding (she covers her mouth) Monica: Yay! Chandler: But you already gave all your money to charity! Phoebe: Well, I’ll just ask for it back! Chandler: I don’t think you can do that! Monica: Why not! This is her wedding day, this is way more important than some    stupid kids! Chandler: That’s sweet, honey, but save something for the adoption Lady.  [Scene: The playground. Ross put Emma on the swing and they’re    ready to play] Rachel: Ok, careful. Ross: Ok. Rachel: Careful, watch her hair. WATCH HER HAIR! Ross: Rach, she’s got like three hairs! Rachel: I know (she touches Emma’s head) but they’re just so beautiful!    Oh, my God, I just pulled one out. Ross: I promise you she’s safe! No watch how much she loves this.  Rachel: Ok. Ross (to Emma): Ready sweety? Rachel: Ok. Ross: Here we go! (He starts pushing Emma) Rachel: Ok, careful, ok. (Emma giggles) Oh, she’s smiling! Oh my God,    she does like it! Ross: See, I told you! Rachel: Awe! (Emma laughs) Oh my God! Looks, she’s a little dare-devil!    Oh, let me push, can I push? Ross: Oh, absolutely! Rachel: Ok. Oh God. (To Ross) Get the camera, it’s in the diaper bag. Ross: Ok! (he takes the camera and walks backwards to take a shot) See? Scared    of swings, I bet you feel pretty silly (a swinging boy knocks him down) Ow!     [Scene: The New York City Children's fund ] Mike: We’re seriously asking for our money back? Phoebe: It’s for our wedding day! Right, now, is this guy gay or straight,    because one of us gonna have to start flirting. Charity guy: Wow! Are you here to make another donation the same day? I don’t    think that that’s ever happened before. Phoebe (to Mike): Gay, go. Mike (to the charity guy): Oh my God, I love your shirt! Phoebe: The donation we made earlier, we k…, we w…, we want it    back. Charity guy: Excuse me? Phoebe: Yeah. See, that money was for a big wedding, that we thought we didn’t    want, but it turns out we do. Charity guy: So you’re asking us to refund your donation to the children? Mike: Yeah! This feels really good. Phoebe: I am sorry. I am, but this wedding is just really important to me. Charity guy: Hey, it’s not my business, (he takes their check from a    drawer) besides it’s probably a good thing. We really would have been    spoiling the children, all those food, and warm clothing… Phoebe: Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important!    And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a graduation party! And I didn’t    go to Prom. And I spent my sweet sixteen being chased round a tire yard by an    escaped mental patient who is his own words wanted to “kill me”    or whatever. So I deserve a real celebration and I am not gonna let some sweaty    little man make me feel badly about it.( She storms out) Mike: She could have been talking about either one of us.   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Somebody knocks the door] Laura: Hi, I am Laura, I am here for your adoption interview. Monica: Hi, I am Monica and this is Chandler. Please come in. Laura: Thank you! Monica: Would you like something to drink? Laura: Oh, water would be fine. Monica: Ok. Great. I am so glad that you are here. We’re really excited    about getting this process started. Chandler: Oh, because we love kids. Love ‘em to death.Well, not actually    to death, that's just a figure of speech - we love kids the appropriate amount...    as allowed by law. Laura: Your place is just lovely. Monica: Ah, thank you. This building does have a wholesome family feel to it. Laura: You know, I... I feel like I've been here before. Are any other couples    in the    building adopting? Monica: Is that that couple on the first floor? Because we should get a baby    before    them. Yeah! That guy tried to sell me drugs. (Laura looks shocked) Chandler: But other than that... wholesome, wholesome building. Laura: Oh... Chandler: What? Laura: I just realized why I remember this place. Monica: Really? What is it? Laura: Oh, it's nothing. I went on a date with a guy who lived in this building    and it    didn't end very well. Monica: Ohh... that wouldn't by any chance be... Joey Tribbiani? Laura: Yes! Chandler: Of course it was! Laura: Yeah, we had a really great night and in the morning he promised he    would call    me and he didn't. Chandler: RAT BASTARD! Laura: So you're not friends with him? Monica and Chandler: OH GOD NO! Nope, no, no, no. No! No, no. Nope! No, no,    no, no, no, no, no, no, no. NO! (finally Monica concludes) No! Laura: Well, I'm sorry I brought it up. So, are either one of you planning    on staying at    home with your child... (someone knocks on the door) Joey: (form the other side of the door) Hellooo? Anybody in there order a celebrity?       (He starts to enter the apartment and Chandler runs to the door and shuts it    back in    his face) OW! Laura: What was that? Chandler: Oh, it's just some crazy guy who roams the halls here. He's great    with    kids though.   [Scene: Ross and Rachel are at the playground with Emma. Rachel    in putting her back in the stroller and Ross is tending to his wound] Rachel: Oh, oh Ross, oh my God, are you okay? Ross: SON OF A BITCH! (turns to his right to see three kids staring at him)    (To the    kids) Oh relax! I didn't say the 'F' word! (They go away) Rachel: Ross, see! I told you, those swings are evil! Alright, that is it.    That is    the last time Emma is getting on one of those things for her entire life. Ross: No! No, no, no, no, okay, it wasn't the swing's fault. It was my fault    and kind    of that (point to the kid that kicked him) kids fault. Who is still laughing.    Nice.  Rachel: Ross, c'mon, please. Can we just get out of here, before somebody else    gets    hurt? Ross: No wait, okay, okay, I have an idea. I want you to get on the swing,    okay? And    you'll see that there's nothing to be afraid of.  Rachel: (looks at him suspiciously) I know what this is all about... You've    always been    jealous of my hair. Ross: Look, I just think you're an adult, okay? And you should get over your    silly    fears. Rachel: Alright fine. I'll do it. Ross: Good. Rachel: If you hold a spider.  Ross: (He freaks out and starts jumping around brushing his sweater) WHAT?    WHERE? WHERE? Rachel: IF you hold a spider. Ross: I know. (Rachel bends down to Emma and Ross looks over his shoulder again,       afraid)  [Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. Chandler is still leaning    against the door, keeping Joey out, who is still banging and shouting on the    other side.] Joey: Guys? Everything ok? It's me, Joe... Chandler: (Screams to interrupt Joey) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA......AAAaaa-doption!! Laura: What's going on? Chandler: Oh, just like I said. That crazy... Bert... roaming the halls. (Joey    bangs on    the door again) Joey: Guys!? Monica: Keep on roaming Bert! We don't want any crazy today! Joey: What's going on? Chandler: WE'LL TALK TO YOU LATER, BERT. EVERYTHNG'S FINE!!  (cut to Joey on the other side, who finally leaves the door and goes to his    apartment) Joey: Everything doesn't sound fine! Laura: Is he alright out there by himself? Chandler: Oh yeah! He has a caretaker. His older brother... Ernie. Laura: Bert and Ernie! Chandler: (nervous smile) You can't make this stuff up!  [Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe and Mike enter] Mike: You never told me about that guy on your sweet sixteen. Oh, ugh. I'm    sorry about    that. Phoebe: (Lightly) Oh! It ended okay. One of my friends shot him.  Mike: Well, hey, at least you're getting a proper wedding. I mean, you really    deserve that. Phoebe: Yeah, I really do. You know, I had nothing growing up. (thinks for    a few    seconds) Just like the kids I took the money from. Mike: No! No, no. I see where this is going. Don't make me go back there. Phoebe: Look, I can't have a wedding with this money now. It's tainted. Mike: Alright, fine. We'll give the money back. Phoebe: And if that guy at the charity gives us a hard time, my friend hasn't    shot    anyone in a really long time.   [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing    to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window, Chandler    and Monica are standing on either side of her, facing each other. Laura: Well, I must say, this seems like a lovely environment to raise a child    in. Monica: Oh, by the way, you are more than welcome to look under any of the    furniture,    because, believe me, you won't find any porn or cigarettes under there! Laura: Oh! Well, actually, before we look around, let me make sure I have everything    I need    up to here... (She starts checking her form. Chandler sees movement near the window from       the corner of his eye and when he looks he spots Joey climbing up the fire escape    and    onto their balcony. He warns Monica silently.) Monica: (Pulls Laura into the spare room) Why don't I show you the baby's room? (Joey enters through the side window and jogs towards the kitchen holding a    baseball bat) Chandler: What the hell are you doing? Joey: Well, you wouldn't let me in, so I thought you were in trouble. Chandler: Well, we're not. Joey: But you called me 'Bert'!? That's our code word for danger! Chandler: We don't have a code word. Joey: We don't? We really should. From now on, 'Bert' will be our code word    for danger. (Monica talks loudly in the baby's room) Monica: So that was the baby's room. (They come out and Chandler throws Joey    behind    the couch and puts his foot on him. Monica looks at Chandler) Monica: (To Chandler) What room should we see next? Chandler: Any room that isn't behind this couch! (laughs nervously) Monica: (laughs nervously as well, Laura looks confused) (To Laura) Some people    don't    get him, but I think he's really funny! (She takes Laura to their own bedroom). (Joey gets up and look annoyed) Joey: (quivering with anger) I did not care for that! Chandler: (escorting Joey to the door) You have to get out of here. You slept    with    our social worker and you never called her back and she is still pissed, so    she can't    see you. Joey: Ok, ok! (He leaves) Chandler: Ok! (Joey leaves and closes the door behind him. Chandler walks towards the living    room, but then Joey enters again.) Chandler: What? Joey: I forgot my bat. (He picks up his bat and holds it up, but then Monica and Laura enter the living    room again. When Laura sees Joey, she freezes...) Laura: Oh my God! Chandler: And for the last time, we do not want to be friends with you! And    we don't want to buy your bat! (Joey lowers his bat) Laura: What are you doing here? Joey: (to Chandler) Bert! Bert! Bert! Bert! Laura: Are you friends with him? Chandler: I can explain... Joey... Joey: Uhm... ok... uhm... Well, yeah... You have got some nerve, coming back    here. I can't believe you never called me. Laura: Excuse me? Joey: Oh... yeah... Probably you don't even remember my name. It's Joey, by    the way. And don't bother telling me yours, because I totally remember it...    lady. Yeah! I waited weeks for you to call me. Laura: I gave you my number, you never called me. Joey: No, no! Don't try to turn this around on me, ok? I'm not some kind of...    social work, ok, that you can just... do. Laura: (embarrassed towards Chandler and Monica) Well, I'm pretty sure I gave    you my number. Joey: Really? Think about it. Come on! You're a beautiful woman, smart, funny,    we had a really good time, huh? If I had your number, why wouldn't I call you? Laura: I don't know... Well, maybe I'm wrong... I'm sorry... Joey: No, no, hey, no! Too late for apologies... ok? You broke my heart. You    know how many women I had to sleep with to get over you? (and he leaves the    apartment, leaving her shocked) Laura: Joey, wait! Joey: (acting sad) NO! I waited a long time, I can't wait anymore... (and closes    the door behind him) Laura: (laughing nervously) I'm sorry that you had to see that. I'm so embarrassed... Chandler: Oh, that's really ok. Monica: Yeah, that we totally understand. Dating is hard. Laura: Boy, you people are nice... And I've got to say... I think you're going    to make excellent parents. (Chandler and Monica hug each other, and then Joey enters the apartment again.) Joey: LAURA! (and points to her, very confident)   [Scene: The New York City Children's Fund building. Phoebe and    Mike are entering.] Phoebe: (to the Charity guy) We're back! Charity guy: Are you here to take more money? Because, I think what you're    looking for is an ATM. Mike: No, no, we're here to give the money back. Phoebe: Yeah, because you know what, it's... it's all about the children.  (the Charity guy smiles wanting to take the check, but Phoebe pulls it back    again. His smile fades.)  Phoebe: Although... it's also about the wedding... Ugh, alright... here. (she    gives the check and pulls it back again) No... Oh God... Oh! Charity guy: If I haven't said so already sir, (sarcastically pointing to Phoebe)    congratulations! Mike: (takes the check from Phoebe) Ok, look! Enough! Alright? I'm stepping    in. I'm putting my foot down! As your future husband I'm going to make this    decision for us. (thinking) Now... what do you think we should do? Charity guy: You know what? It's not your decision anymore. Mike: What? Charity guy: On behalf of the Children of New York, I reject your money. Phoebe: But... but... but we're giving you this! Charity guy: Yeah... And I'm giving it back to you... Come on! Consider it    a contribution. (gives the check to Phoebe) Phoebe: (looks at the amount on the check, and gasps) Well, this is very generous! Charity guy: Please, take the check, go have a great wedding and a wonderful    life together. Mike: Well, I mean... It sounds good to me. And that way we can save up, come    back in a few years and make an even bigger donation. Charity guy: Absolutely! And when you do, make sure you ask for Brian. Phoebe: Oh, is that you? Charity guy: No!   [Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. They are sitting in    their living room when the phone rings.] Monica: Hello...? Oh hi... Oh my God...! Really...? I can't wait to tell Chandler...    Ok, goodbye. (hangs up) Chandler: Wrong number? Monica: It was Laura... She gave us a great report and we are officially on    the waiting list. Chandler: That's great! Monica: Now we just have to wait for a call and... and someone tells us there's    a baby waiting for us. Oh...  (Chandler and Monica hug and after a while the telephone rings again... Monica's    eyes get bigger. Chandler answers.) Chandler: Hello...? Have you seen Joey's bat?    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene: The playground. Ross, Rachel and Emma are still there.    Rachel comes walking to Ross and Emma with something between her hands.] Rachel: Ok... I got a spider. There were two, I picked the bigger one. Ross: (nervously) Ok... Rachel: Ok... (and passes the spider to Ross who holds it in between his hands) Ross: (Gasps and speaks at a higher pitch) This feels perfectly normal. Ok,    get on the swing! Rachel: (reluctantly) Ok... O-k... (She slowly grabs the chains of the swing, swings her hair back, and sits down.) Rachel: (more confident) Ok... (She slowly walks forward and backward, to gain speed...) Rachel: whoo... ok... wow... ok... OH! Ross: See? Rachel: A-alright! I can do this. Ross: There you go! Good for you! And you know what, I'm actually getting used    to this little guy. I don't really even feel him in here anymore. Rachel: That's because he's on your neck. Ross: Well... (realizes, screaming like a little girl, trying to get rid of    the spider) Whaa... aaah... aaahhh... (Ross is now preoccupied with the spider, and forgets that Rachel is still    using the swing. While trying to get rid of the spider, he stands in front of    Rachel, who bumps into him, throwing him on the ground again.) Rachel: ROSS! (Rachel tries to stop mid-swing, and the swing starts to turn from side to    side) end  
Monica: (sarcastically) We?
Monica: And it has to go perfectly, because if she doesn't like something about    us she can keep us off every adoption list in the state.
Monica: Ok, so I think I'm just about done here, unless you have any bad stuff    hidden somewhere, like... porn or cigarettes?
Monica: Chandler?
Monica: Ok, so there's not a magazine under the couch, or a pack of cigarettes    taped to the back of the toilet tank, or a filthy video in the VCR?
Monica: It isn't mine!
Monica: Oh my God, the adoption lady is early! Chandler: Ok, ok, here we go. Monica: Ok. Chandler: Here we go. Stand up straight. (smiling) Big smile. (opens the door    and both are smiling exaggeratedly) Phoebe: Hello, is this the creepy residence? Monica: We’re waiting for the adoption lady, but, hey, I’m glad    you’re here. I was cleaning this morning and I found this (she puts a    box on the table and opens it). I don’t know if you wanna use it, but… Phoebe: Awe, this is so sweet of you! But you know what? I won’t be needing    a veil, I actually won’t be wearing a dress at all! Monica: I told you! I am not coming to a naked wedding!  Phoebe: No, no, no, we’re not having a big reception, we took the money    we were gonna spend on a wedding and we donate them to the children charity. Monica: That’s crazy! (Phoebe looks bewildered). I am sorry. I just can’t    imagine giving up my one wedding day like that! Phoebe: We, you know, we’re different! We don’t care about having    a huge party. (She picks up the veil) This is really nice for you, but, oh,    please, I put this on? (she puts it on) And, ow, I look (she looks her reflex    image on a toaster), why, well, radiant. (pause) All right, well, who cares,    I don’t need a pretty veil and a fancy dress. Monica: That’s right. You’re making a commitment and that’s    the same, whether you do that at the Plaza or, where are you gonna do it? Phoebe: City Hall. Monica: Ow! (Chandler slaps her on her back) Oh, that sounds nice! I am just    there for jury duty. They really spruce that place up! Phoebe: It’s ok, it’s ok. I made my decision. What I really want    is a great big wedding (she covers her mouth) Monica: Yay! Chandler: But you already gave all your money to charity! Phoebe: Well, I’ll just ask for it back! Chandler: I don’t think you can do that! Monica: Why not! This is her wedding day, this is way more important than some    stupid kids! Chandler: That’s sweet, honey, but save something for the adoption Lady.  [Scene: The playground. Ross put Emma on the swing and they’re    ready to play] Rachel: Ok, careful. Ross: Ok. Rachel: Careful, watch her hair. WATCH HER HAIR! Ross: Rach, she’s got like three hairs! Rachel: I know (she touches Emma’s head) but they’re just so beautiful!    Oh, my God, I just pulled one out. Ross: I promise you she’s safe! No watch how much she loves this.  Rachel: Ok. Ross (to Emma): Ready sweety? Rachel: Ok. Ross: Here we go! (He starts pushing Emma) Rachel: Ok, careful, ok. (Emma giggles) Oh, she’s smiling! Oh my God,    she does like it! Ross: See, I told you! Rachel: Awe! (Emma laughs) Oh my God! Looks, she’s a little dare-devil!    Oh, let me push, can I push? Ross: Oh, absolutely! Rachel: Ok. Oh God. (To Ross) Get the camera, it’s in the diaper bag. Ross: Ok! (he takes the camera and walks backwards to take a shot) See? Scared    of swings, I bet you feel pretty silly (a swinging boy knocks him down) Ow!     [Scene: The New York City Children's fund ] Mike: We’re seriously asking for our money back? Phoebe: It’s for our wedding day! Right, now, is this guy gay or straight,    because one of us gonna have to start flirting. Charity guy: Wow! Are you here to make another donation the same day? I don’t    think that that’s ever happened before. Phoebe (to Mike): Gay, go. Mike (to the charity guy): Oh my God, I love your shirt! Phoebe: The donation we made earlier, we k…, we w…, we want it    back. Charity guy: Excuse me? Phoebe: Yeah. See, that money was for a big wedding, that we thought we didn’t    want, but it turns out we do. Charity guy: So you’re asking us to refund your donation to the children? Mike: Yeah! This feels really good. Phoebe: I am sorry. I am, but this wedding is just really important to me. Charity guy: Hey, it’s not my business, (he takes their check from a    drawer) besides it’s probably a good thing. We really would have been    spoiling the children, all those food, and warm clothing… Phoebe: Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important!    And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a graduation party! And I didn’t    go to Prom. And I spent my sweet sixteen being chased round a tire yard by an    escaped mental patient who is his own words wanted to “kill me”    or whatever. So I deserve a real celebration and I am not gonna let some sweaty    little man make me feel badly about it.( She storms out) Mike: She could have been talking about either one of us.   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Somebody knocks the door] Laura: Hi, I am Laura, I am here for your adoption interview. Monica: Hi, I am Monica and this is Chandler. Please come in. Laura: Thank you! Monica: Would you like something to drink? Laura: Oh, water would be fine. Monica: Ok. Great. I am so glad that you are here. We’re really excited    about getting this process started. Chandler: Oh, because we love kids. Love ‘em to death.Well, not actually    to death, that's just a figure of speech - we love kids the appropriate amount...    as allowed by law. Laura: Your place is just lovely. Monica: Ah, thank you. This building does have a wholesome family feel to it. Laura: You know, I... I feel like I've been here before. Are any other couples    in the    building adopting? Monica: Is that that couple on the first floor? Because we should get a baby    before    them. Yeah! That guy tried to sell me drugs. (Laura looks shocked) Chandler: But other than that... wholesome, wholesome building. Laura: Oh... Chandler: What? Laura: I just realized why I remember this place. Monica: Really? What is it? Laura: Oh, it's nothing. I went on a date with a guy who lived in this building    and it    didn't end very well. Monica: Ohh... that wouldn't by any chance be... Joey Tribbiani? Laura: Yes! Chandler: Of course it was! Laura: Yeah, we had a really great night and in the morning he promised he    would call    me and he didn't. Chandler: RAT BASTARD! Laura: So you're not friends with him? Monica and Chandler: OH GOD NO! Nope, no, no, no. No! No, no. Nope! No, no,    no, no, no, no, no, no, no. NO! (finally Monica concludes) No! Laura: Well, I'm sorry I brought it up. So, are either one of you planning    on staying at    home with your child... (someone knocks on the door) Joey: (form the other side of the door) Hellooo? Anybody in there order a celebrity?       (He starts to enter the apartment and Chandler runs to the door and shuts it    back in    his face) OW! Laura: What was that? Chandler: Oh, it's just some crazy guy who roams the halls here. He's great    with    kids though.   [Scene: Ross and Rachel are at the playground with Emma. Rachel    in putting her back in the stroller and Ross is tending to his wound] Rachel: Oh, oh Ross, oh my God, are you okay? Ross: SON OF A BITCH! (turns to his right to see three kids staring at him)    (To the    kids) Oh relax! I didn't say the 'F' word! (They go away) Rachel: Ross, see! I told you, those swings are evil! Alright, that is it.    That is    the last time Emma is getting on one of those things for her entire life. Ross: No! No, no, no, no, okay, it wasn't the swing's fault. It was my fault    and kind    of that (point to the kid that kicked him) kids fault. Who is still laughing.    Nice.  Rachel: Ross, c'mon, please. Can we just get out of here, before somebody else    gets    hurt? Ross: No wait, okay, okay, I have an idea. I want you to get on the swing,    okay? And    you'll see that there's nothing to be afraid of.  Rachel: (looks at him suspiciously) I know what this is all about... You've    always been    jealous of my hair. Ross: Look, I just think you're an adult, okay? And you should get over your    silly    fears. Rachel: Alright fine. I'll do it. Ross: Good. Rachel: If you hold a spider.  Ross: (He freaks out and starts jumping around brushing his sweater) WHAT?    WHERE? WHERE? Rachel: IF you hold a spider. Ross: I know. (Rachel bends down to Emma and Ross looks over his shoulder again,       afraid)  [Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. Chandler is still leaning    against the door, keeping Joey out, who is still banging and shouting on the    other side.] Joey: Guys? Everything ok? It's me, Joe... Chandler: (Screams to interrupt Joey) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA......AAAaaa-doption!! Laura: What's going on? Chandler: Oh, just like I said. That crazy... Bert... roaming the halls. (Joey    bangs on    the door again) Joey: Guys!? Monica: Keep on roaming Bert! We don't want any crazy today! Joey: What's going on? Chandler: WE'LL TALK TO YOU LATER, BERT. EVERYTHNG'S FINE!!  (cut to Joey on the other side, who finally leaves the door and goes to his    apartment) Joey: Everything doesn't sound fine! Laura: Is he alright out there by himself? Chandler: Oh yeah! He has a caretaker. His older brother... Ernie. Laura: Bert and Ernie! Chandler: (nervous smile) You can't make this stuff up!  [Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe and Mike enter] Mike: You never told me about that guy on your sweet sixteen. Oh, ugh. I'm    sorry about    that. Phoebe: (Lightly) Oh! It ended okay. One of my friends shot him.  Mike: Well, hey, at least you're getting a proper wedding. I mean, you really    deserve that. Phoebe: Yeah, I really do. You know, I had nothing growing up. (thinks for    a few    seconds) Just like the kids I took the money from. Mike: No! No, no. I see where this is going. Don't make me go back there. Phoebe: Look, I can't have a wedding with this money now. It's tainted. Mike: Alright, fine. We'll give the money back. Phoebe: And if that guy at the charity gives us a hard time, my friend hasn't    shot    anyone in a really long time.   [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing    to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window, Chandler    and Monica are standing on either side of her, facing each other. Laura: Well, I must say, this seems like a lovely environment to raise a child    in. Monica: Oh, by the way, you are more than welcome to look under any of the    furniture,    because, believe me, you won't find any porn or cigarettes under there! Laura: Oh! Well, actually, before we look around, let me make sure I have everything    I need    up to here... (She starts checking her form. Chandler sees movement near the window from       the corner of his eye and when he looks he spots Joey climbing up the fire escape    and    onto their balcony. He warns Monica silently.) Monica: (Pulls Laura into the spare room) Why don't I show you the baby's room? (Joey enters through the side window and jogs towards the kitchen holding a    baseball bat) Chandler: What the hell are you doing? Joey: Well, you wouldn't let me in, so I thought you were in trouble. Chandler: Well, we're not. Joey: But you called me 'Bert'!? That's our code word for danger! Chandler: We don't have a code word. Joey: We don't? We really should. From now on, 'Bert' will be our code word    for danger. (Monica talks loudly in the baby's room) Monica: So that was the baby's room. (They come out and Chandler throws Joey    behind    the couch and puts his foot on him. Monica looks at Chandler) Monica: (To Chandler) What room should we see next? Chandler: Any room that isn't behind this couch! (laughs nervously) Monica: (laughs nervously as well, Laura looks confused) (To Laura) Some people    don't    get him, but I think he's really funny! (She takes Laura to their own bedroom). (Joey gets up and look annoyed) Joey: (quivering with anger) I did not care for that! Chandler: (escorting Joey to the door) You have to get out of here. You slept    with    our social worker and you never called her back and she is still pissed, so    she can't    see you. Joey: Ok, ok! (He leaves) Chandler: Ok! (Joey leaves and closes the door behind him. Chandler walks towards the living    room, but then Joey enters again.) Chandler: What? Joey: I forgot my bat. (He picks up his bat and holds it up, but then Monica and Laura enter the living    room again. When Laura sees Joey, she freezes...) Laura: Oh my God! Chandler: And for the last time, we do not want to be friends with you! And    we don't want to buy your bat! (Joey lowers his bat) Laura: What are you doing here? Joey: (to Chandler) Bert! Bert! Bert! Bert! Laura: Are you friends with him? Chandler: I can explain... Joey... Joey: Uhm... ok... uhm... Well, yeah... You have got some nerve, coming back    here. I can't believe you never called me. Laura: Excuse me? Joey: Oh... yeah... Probably you don't even remember my name. It's Joey, by    the way. And don't bother telling me yours, because I totally remember it...    lady. Yeah! I waited weeks for you to call me. Laura: I gave you my number, you never called me. Joey: No, no! Don't try to turn this around on me, ok? I'm not some kind of...    social work, ok, that you can just... do. Laura: (embarrassed towards Chandler and Monica) Well, I'm pretty sure I gave    you my number. Joey: Really? Think about it. Come on! You're a beautiful woman, smart, funny,    we had a really good time, huh? If I had your number, why wouldn't I call you? Laura: I don't know... Well, maybe I'm wrong... I'm sorry... Joey: No, no, hey, no! Too late for apologies... ok? You broke my heart. You    know how many women I had to sleep with to get over you? (and he leaves the    apartment, leaving her shocked) Laura: Joey, wait! Joey: (acting sad) NO! I waited a long time, I can't wait anymore... (and closes    the door behind him) Laura: (laughing nervously) I'm sorry that you had to see that. I'm so embarrassed... Chandler: Oh, that's really ok. Monica: Yeah, that we totally understand. Dating is hard. Laura: Boy, you people are nice... And I've got to say... I think you're going    to make excellent parents. (Chandler and Monica hug each other, and then Joey enters the apartment again.) Joey: LAURA! (and points to her, very confident)   [Scene: The New York City Children's Fund building. Phoebe and    Mike are entering.] Phoebe: (to the Charity guy) We're back! Charity guy: Are you here to take more money? Because, I think what you're    looking for is an ATM. Mike: No, no, we're here to give the money back. Phoebe: Yeah, because you know what, it's... it's all about the children.  (the Charity guy smiles wanting to take the check, but Phoebe pulls it back    again. His smile fades.)  Phoebe: Although... it's also about the wedding... Ugh, alright... here. (she    gives the check and pulls it back again) No... Oh God... Oh! Charity guy: If I haven't said so already sir, (sarcastically pointing to Phoebe)    congratulations! Mike: (takes the check from Phoebe) Ok, look! Enough! Alright? I'm stepping    in. I'm putting my foot down! As your future husband I'm going to make this    decision for us. (thinking) Now... what do you think we should do? Charity guy: You know what? It's not your decision anymore. Mike: What? Charity guy: On behalf of the Children of New York, I reject your money. Phoebe: But... but... but we're giving you this! Charity guy: Yeah... And I'm giving it back to you... Come on! Consider it    a contribution. (gives the check to Phoebe) Phoebe: (looks at the amount on the check, and gasps) Well, this is very generous! Charity guy: Please, take the check, go have a great wedding and a wonderful    life together. Mike: Well, I mean... It sounds good to me. And that way we can save up, come    back in a few years and make an even bigger donation. Charity guy: Absolutely! And when you do, make sure you ask for Brian. Phoebe: Oh, is that you? Charity guy: No!   [Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. They are sitting in    their living room when the phone rings.] Monica: Hello...? Oh hi... Oh my God...! Really...? I can't wait to tell Chandler...    Ok, goodbye. (hangs up) Chandler: Wrong number? Monica: It was Laura... She gave us a great report and we are officially on    the waiting list. Chandler: That's great! Monica: Now we just have to wait for a call and... and someone tells us there's    a baby waiting for us. Oh...  (Chandler and Monica hug and after a while the telephone rings again... Monica's    eyes get bigger. Chandler answers.) Chandler: Hello...? Have you seen Joey's bat?    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene: The playground. Ross, Rachel and Emma are still there.    Rachel comes walking to Ross and Emma with something between her hands.] Rachel: Ok... I got a spider. There were two, I picked the bigger one. Ross: (nervously) Ok... Rachel: Ok... (and passes the spider to Ross who holds it in between his hands) Ross: (Gasps and speaks at a higher pitch) This feels perfectly normal. Ok,    get on the swing! Rachel: (reluctantly) Ok... O-k... (She slowly grabs the chains of the swing, swings her hair back, and sits down.) Rachel: (more confident) Ok... (She slowly walks forward and backward, to gain speed...) Rachel: whoo... ok... wow... ok... OH! Ross: See? Rachel: A-alright! I can do this. Ross: There you go! Good for you! And you know what, I'm actually getting used    to this little guy. I don't really even feel him in here anymore. Rachel: That's because he's on your neck. Ross: Well... (realizes, screaming like a little girl, trying to get rid of    the spider) Whaa... aaah... aaahhh... (Ross is now preoccupied with the spider, and forgets that Rachel is still    using the swing. While trying to get rid of the spider, he stands in front of    Rachel, who bumps into him, throwing him on the ground again.) Rachel: ROSS! (Rachel tries to stop mid-swing, and the swing starts to turn from side to    side) end  
Monica: Ok.
Monica: We’re waiting for the adoption lady, but, hey, I’m glad    you’re here. I was cleaning this morning and I found this (she puts a    box on the table and opens it). I don’t know if you wanna use it, but…
Monica: I told you! I am not coming to a naked wedding! 
Monica: That’s crazy! (Phoebe looks bewildered). I am sorry. I just can’t    imagine giving up my one wedding day like that!
Monica: That’s right. You’re making a commitment and that’s    the same, whether you do that at the Plaza or, where are you gonna do it?
Monica: Ow! (Chandler slaps her on her back) Oh, that sounds nice! I am just    there for jury duty. They really spruce that place up!
Monica: Yay!
Monica: Why not! This is her wedding day, this is way more important than some    stupid kids!
Monica: Hi, I am Monica and this is Chandler. Please come in.
Monica: Would you like something to drink?
Monica: Ok. Great. I am so glad that you are here. We’re really excited    about getting this process started.
Monica: Ah, thank you. This building does have a wholesome family feel to it.
Monica: Is that that couple on the first floor? Because we should get a baby    before    them. Yeah! That guy tried to sell me drugs. (Laura looks shocked)
Monica: Really? What is it?
Monica: Ohh... that wouldn't by any chance be... Joey Tribbiani?
Monica: Keep on roaming Bert! We don't want any crazy today!
Monica: Oh, by the way, you are more than welcome to look under any of the    furniture,    because, believe me, you won't find any porn or cigarettes under there!
Monica: (Pulls Laura into the spare room) Why don't I show you the baby's room?
Monica: So that was the baby's room. (They come out and Chandler throws Joey    behind    the couch and puts his foot on him. Monica looks at Chandler)
Monica: (To Chandler) What room should we see next?
Monica: (laughs nervously as well, Laura looks confused) (To Laura) Some people    don't    get him, but I think he's really funny! (She takes Laura to their own bedroom).
Monica: Yeah, that we totally understand. Dating is hard.
Monica: Hello...? Oh hi... Oh my God...! Really...? I can't wait to tell Chandler...    Ok, goodbye. (hangs up)
Monica: It was Laura... She gave us a great report and we are officially on    the waiting list.
Monica: Now we just have to wait for a call and... and someone tells us there's    a baby waiting for us. Oh... 
Written by: Scott Silveri    Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller    Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa    Final check by Kim [Scene: Central Perk. Everyone's sitting on the couch.Monica and Chandler enter]  Chandler:  Hi! Ross: Hey! Monica: Hey! Chandler: We're just here to say goodbye, we're off to Ohio. Phoebe: Oh, right! Your adoption interview! Monica: Yep, we're gonna meet the lady who could be carrying our baby. Joey: I can't believe it. When you guys come back, you're gonna have a baby! That is so weird! Chandler: And so incorrect! Monica: She's only a couple of months pregnant. She liked our application but who knows if she's gonna like us. Ross: Come on, she's gonna love you guys! Chandler: Uhm, thank you, but we're really trying not to get our hopes up. Monica: And a lot could still get in our way. Chandler: Yeah. I mean, this girl could decide against adoption or she could like another couple better.. Phoebe: What are you gonna name the baby? Chandler: I can develop a condition in which I talk and talk and no one hears a word. Joey: But just think, ok? What if everything goes right? What if this woman does pick you guys? Monica: Oh my God. She's gonna pick us! Chandler: So we're standing firm on the 'not getting our hopes up'? Monica: You know, I know that things could still go wrong but if they don't? If this works out, we're gonna have a baby Chandler, a baby! Chandler: Yes, but... Monica: Oh my God, it's gonna WORK! We're gonna make it work! I'm gonna be a mummy and (to Chandler) you're gonna be a daddy! All right, I'll see you suckers. I'm gonna get me... A BABY! {she leaves) Chandler: Oh, screw it, I'm gonna be a daddy!!  OPENING CREDITS  [Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe's speaking to a girl.] Rachel: (to Joey) Hey, who's Phoebe with? Joey: I'm gonna say someone I'm gonna have sex with. (the girl leaves and Phoebe goes toward the couch) (to Phoebe) Hey! Phoebe: Hey! Joey: So... who's your friend? Phoebe: Oh, that's Sarah. No, no. Don't you get any ideas, ok? No, I'm not setting you up with any more of my friends! Joey: OW, why, why, why? Phoebe: Because you'll date her once, sleep with her and then forget she exists! Joey: Oh, name one friend of yours that I did that with. Phoebe: Mandy. Joey: Mandy, uh? Uh... really hot blonde, big boobs? Phoebe: No. Joey: I know why I don't remember her, huh? (he winks at Rachel) Rachel: Do you think I'm someone else? Joey: Ok, I may not have treated your friends well in the past, but I have grown up a lot, really. Honest, Rach? Rachel: Well, believe it or not, it's true. When Joey and I were together, he was wonderful. He was thoughtful and mature. And for the one week that we went out, he didn't sleep with anybody else! Joey: (pointing at himself) Growth! Phoebe: Fine, I'll give you her number. Joey: Ok, thank you. And I promise you I will not forget this one. (he starts writing on his hand) Mandy. Phoebe: SARAH! Joey: Saraaah. Ross: (entering) Hey! Rachel: Hi! Ross: Hey you guys, I need some fashion advice. Rachel: Oh! Ross: (he takes a baby blue beret out of a shopping box and puts it on) How does this look? Rachel: Well, it's a little low... pick up a little... (Ross picks it up) a little bit more... (he picks it up again) a little bit more... (he takes it off) There you go! (pause) Now throw it away! Ross: C'mon! This looks good! Rachel: Ross, please, trust me. I buy 30 fashion magazines a month. Now, I don't know who's running for president or who that... NATO guy is, but I do know that you have to get as far away as you can from that hat. Ross: Damnit! I have this date tomorrow night and I have to look cool! Phoebe: Well, you know, if you want fashion help, Rachel and I are going shopping tomorrow. You're more than welcome to come with us, right? Ross: Really? That would be great. I mean, I have to do something, she kinda teased me about how I dress.  Joey: I can see why, nice shirt! Ross: You're wearing the same shirt. Joey: Stupid Gap on every corner!  [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are entering with a man.]  Agency guy: Please, make yourself comfortable and I will back in a moment with Erica. Monica: Ok, thank you.(the man leaves) Uh, well this is it. Are you OK? Chandler: Yeah. Just weird, you know. It's like: "Hi, I'm Chandler. May I have the human growing inside you?" Monica: Uh, we're gonna be great. Chandler: You're gonna be great. Monica: Well... obviously! Agency guy: (he enters with Erica) Monica, Chandler. I'd like you to meet Erica. Monica: Hi. It is so, so nice to meet you. Erica: (whispering) Hi... Chandler: Thank you so much for agreeing to see us. Erica: Hi. Agency guy: I'll let you get acquainted. Chandler: Ok. Erica: So, it's Monica and Chandler. I only know you as file 0W33815-D. Chandler: That's what our friends call us. Erica: Gosh, you know, you're just such an amazing couple. It's... kind of intimidating. Monica: I don't know about that. Erica: You're kidding me? I mean, it's enough that you are a doctor. But on top of it, you're married to a reverend? Chandler: (astonished) I don't think that's exactly... Monica: (overlapping) Let her finish, doctor.   [Scene: Central Perk]  Phoebe: Hey! Joey: Hey. Phoebe: Oh, my friend Sarah had a great time last night. Joey: Well... Phoebe: Yeah! So you're gonna call this one back? Joey: Nope. Phoebe: What are you talking about? Sarah's great! Joey: Oh, really? You know what your great friend did? We're out to dinner, ok? (he starts talking about the date and we can see what happened through a flashback video) We're getting along, having a really nice time. I was thinking she was really cool. And then, out of nowhere...  (Sarah picks up some fries from Joey’s plate and Joey looks very angry. Then we’re back to Central Perk and Joey does a you-see-what-I-mean look to Phoebe) Phoebe: That’s it? That’s why you won’t go out with her again? So, she took some fries, big deal! Joey: Hey, hey, look! It’s not about a few fries... it’s about what the fries represent. Phoebe: What? Joey: ALL FOOD! Phoebe: I’m sorry, I can’t believe I set you up with such a MONSTER! Joey: Hey, hey, hey, hey. Look. I take a girl out, she can order whatever she wants! The more, the better! All right? Just don’t order a Garden salad and then eat my food! That’s a good way to lose some fingers! (Rachel enters from the main door) Phoebe: (to Rachel) Oh Rachel: Hi Phoebe: Thank God you’re here. Listen to this! Rachel: what? Phoebe: Joey and my friend were out last night and having dinner and she reaches over and takes a few of his fries... Rachel: Oh! Oh, no! (Joey looks satisfied) Phoebe: What? You know about the plate thing? Rachel: Oh, yeah. Joey doesn’t share food. I mean, just last week we were having breakfast and he had a couple of grapes on his plate and ... Phoebe: (to Joey) You wouldn’t let her have a grape? Rachel: Oh no! Not me! Emma! (Phoebe looks horrified and she turns to watch Joey) Joey: (mad and pointing a finger to himself) JOEY DOESN’T SHARE FOOD! Phoebe: Well, I still think that it’s a stupid reason not to call someone again. You are calling her! And if you need to, just get an extra plate of fries for the table! Joey: (he thinks a little, considering the option and seems to be quite satisfied) I like that! A sharing buffer! Yeah! I’ll order some extra fries! Maybe a plate of onion rings. Yeah. And a shrimp cocktail. And some buffalo wings. Maybe an individual pizza, uh? And some mozzarella sticks. (he looks absorbed in his food thoughts) What were we talking about? [Scene: A clothes store. Ross and Phoebe are shopping]  Phoebe: (to Ross) This place is awesome! Ross: You know, we should just go, I’m not gonna find anything here! This stuff is ridiculous!  (Rachel arrives with a lot of clothes) Rachel: Ah, this place is great! Phoebe: Wow! Ross: Rach, come on, I’m not gonna wear any of this! (he picks up a shirt) Nothing silver. (Rachel sighs). Ok? Nothing with hair! (Rachel sighs again) And nothing with padlocks on it! (Rachel heaves a long disappointing sigh). Rachel: Ross, look, I know that some of this stuff is out there, but I mean, come on, look at this, look at this sweater! (she picks up a blue sweater). I mean, this is just beautiful! Ross: (feeling the fabric) Wow, this is really soft (he looks the price). Three hundred and fifty dollars? Rachel: Yeah, down from seven hundred, you are saving like two hundred bucks! Ross: Both logic and math are taking a serious hit today. Phoebe (walking to Ross carrying a black leather jacket): Hey, check this out! It’s totally you! Ross: Wow! Phoebe: Yeah! (Ross wears the jackets and look at himself in the mirror) Ross: Actually this looks like pretty good! Yeah!(he turns and watches his back and there’s a sign on the back of the jacket, “boys will be boys”) Boys will be boys? Phoebe: What? They will be! Ross: All right, that’s it, I’m getting out of here. Rachel: No, no, no, no! Ross, wait! Come on! You know, there’s other stuff. Here’s a nice shirt, look at these nice pants... Ross: Uh, actually these might look pretty good on me. Rachel: Yes, they will! You know what you should do? Just go take a walk, all right? I know your size and I’m... I’m gonna pick up some really good stuff for you. Ross: Really? Rachel: Yes! And I know what looks sexy on guys. Please, just wear what I suggest, and she’s gonna go nuts for you. Ross: So, you’re saying, uh, if I wear these pants I might be getting into hers? Rachel: (to Phoebe) Why do men keep talking to me like this?   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are still talking with Erica.] Chandler: So, the fact that I am a doctor, and my wife’s a reverend, that’s important to you? Erica: Yeah, I read some great applications, but then I thought “who better then a minister to raise a child!” Monica: Amen. Chandler: Plus I thought the baby would be in good hands with a doctor! Monica: Uh, good hands. (she holds Chandler hands) Healing hands. Erica: Reverend, can I ask? Does the bible say anything about adoption? Monica: It says “Do it!”. And behold she did adopt onto them a baby. And it was good. Erica: Wow. Chandler: Yeah, wow. Erica: I was wondering you both have such serious jobs. (to Monica) Would you have time to take care of a baby and your flock? Monica: Oh, you know, my flock is good, I mean, yeah, my flock pretty much takes care of themselves at this point. Good flock. Flock, flock, flock. Erica: (to Chandler) Being a doctor must take up a lot of time. Chandler: No-ot for me it doesn’t. (The agency guy enters the room) Agency guy: So, how’s everything going in here? Erica: We’re great, I think I may have asked all my questions. Agency guy: Do you have any question for Erica? Chandler: Yeah, actually. So, you read a file that you liked and you gave the agency the serial number and they contacted us? Agency guy: Yes, our system assures total anonimity. We’re very proud of it. Chandler: You should be. You’re really on top of stuff.. Agency guy: (to Erica) Well, then if there’s nothing else, then the two of us should talk. Erica: Actually, I don’t think we have to. Monica: We don’t? Erica: Yeah, when I read about you two, I was pretty sure I wanted you, but I just thought we should meet face to face. (to the agency guy). I've made my decision. I choose them. Monica: Oh my God, this is great! This is so great! (to Chandler, who looks bewildered). Did you hear that? Chandler: Yeah, I did. Monica: (to Erica) Hey, thank you. Thank you so much. (they hugs). You are SO going to Heaven!  [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel and Phoebe walk in, loaded with bags.]  Rachel: We got some really great stuff! Phoebe: Yeah, yeah but I am not sure about some of the bra's I got. Rachel: Oh! Really? Do you wanna try some of them on for me?  Phoebe: Oh! okay. Wait, are we in Joey's imagination? Rachel: (looking into one of her shopping bags) Oh no! I took one of Ross' bags by     mistake, and one of mine is missing. Phoebe: oh, well, Ross probably has it, you can get it from him later.    [Scene: Ross walks into Central Perk, wearing a pink and white ladies shirt. Joey is on the couch]   Ross: (to Joey) So? What do you think? (Shows himself - Joey observes him with a strange look on his face.) Joey: I think were not wearing the same shirt anymore!! Ross: (not getting it) Yeah! Yeah! Rachel picked it out for me. She told me to trust her and you know what? I'm glad I did! I turned quite a few heads on my way over here. Joey: (now laughing a little) Dude, I really don't think you should be wearing that. Ross: Oh, I see, somebody is afraid of a little competition with the ladies? Joey: (looking a little agitated now) Looks like someone IS the ladies!! Ross: You're just jealous because you couldn't pull this off. Yeah, now if you'll excuse me (getting up and taking his coat) I have a date. (As he is walking out, everyone turns and stares at him) See? (To Joey) ALL eyes on ME!    [Scene: Monica and Chandler's hotel room. They enter.] Chandler: We are NOT signing those papers. Monica: Why not? Chandler: It's wrong. They made a mistake. They think we're somebody else. Monica: God works in mysterious ways. Chandler: You have gotta stop! Monica: But she liked us. Chandler: She likes Doctor Chandler and Reverend Monica. Monica: Well, if you think about it, I am kind of like a Reverend. I mean, as a chef, I serve God, by feeing the hungry and poor. (looks very convinced about what she just said) Chandler: Your Veal Chop is $34,95! Monica: C'mon Chandler, I think we have been given an opportunity. I mean, the mistake has already been made. They are writing up the paper right now. Chandler: But we are not the one she chose! How can you feel okay about this? Monica: (very emotional) Because... We may not be who she thinks we are but no-one will ever love that baby more than us. Chandler: I know.. Monica: I mean, who knows how long it's gonna take for someone else to give us a baby? What if, what if no one ever picks us? Chandler: oh, honey.. Monica: (Almost crying) Please.. please, we are so close. Chandler: Monica, I want a baby too, but this woman is giving away her child. She deserves to know who it's going to.   Monica: (realizes Chandler is right. She's almost crying) okay, right. (They hug) Chandler: So, we'll tell the truth and who knows, maybe she'll like us for us. Monica: (sniffing) Maybe she will. Uh! Why couldn't I have been a Reverend? Chandler: You're Jewish. Monica: Technicality!   [Scene: A restaurant. Joey is on his date with Phoebe’s friend, Sarah. They are sitting opposite each other on a table for two. Their waiter approaches with two plates.] Waiter: A garden salad for the lady (sets the plate down) Joey: Oh, that looks great! Good ordering! Waiter: Seafood platter for the gentleman and extra fries. Enjoy! Sarah: Mmmh, those fries look delicious. Joey: oh, I didn't know you liked French fries. Help yourself! What's mine is yours. (Sarah reaches over and takes a few fries) Sarah: (looks over at Joey's platter) Oh wow, are those stuffed clams? Joey: Uuuh.. yes, they are my stuffed clams. (Sarah, is grinning and starts to reach over to Joey's plate to take a few clams) Joey: How about those fries though, huh? (Holds the plate between Sarah’s fingers and his plate, thus blocking her from reaching his) Sarah: They are delicious (takes a few from the plate, puts one in her mouth and places the rest on her plate, then starts to reach over to Joey's platter again) Joey: (Spotting her movements takes her hand into his own) You are beautiful, you know that? Sarah: Oh, that is so sweet.. Joey: Oh (grinning, trying to hold in his impatience with her) okay.. (she takes her hand back) (Then she reaches over again and Joey moves his plate a little to the left, and she misses, then she reaches out again, and he moves his plate to the right , so she misses again. She tries a third time and this time, Joey pushes his plate so far to the left, it drops off the edge of the table) Joey: (Visibly annoyed) NOW look what you did!! Sarah: What? what is the matter with you? Joey: I don't like it when people take food off of my plate, okay? Sarah: But you just said "What's mine is yours"? Joey: WELL, I DIDN'T MEAN IT! Sarah: Fine, I'm sorry, I didn't think it was that big a deal. Joey: I'm sorry, I'm overreacting. Okay, It's just when it comes to food, I have certain rules, okay, I mean (bends down and with his plate and his hands, scrapes the dropped dinner back onto the plate and puts it back on the table) There are things you do..and you now, things.. (takes something from the plate and blows it a little) that you don't do (He takes a bite from it).  (Sarah looks a little disgusted)   [Scene: Ross and his date walk into a lobby. They are both wearing their jackets]   Girl: Wow, this place looks great. Ross: Oh! You are gonna love it! (The girl is looking in the other direction as Ross is taking off his own coat, revealing the pink and white ladies shirt) and I'm so glad, we're finally doing this. Girl: Me too! (starts to take her coat off) Ross: Here (gets behind her to help. When the coat comes off we see she is wearing the exact same shirt Ross is wearing. They look at each other, shocked. They abruptly put their coat back on) So this was fun! (They leave the room and head into opposite directions)   [Scene: Back at the restaurant with Joey and Sarah. Joey is holding Sarah's hands] Joey: I really am sorry about, you know..before. I just want to make sure you know that I really do like you. Sarah: Sure (smiling) Just not as much as clams. Joey: (Jokingly) Well, stuffed clams. (The waiter arrives with their deserts) Waiter: Chocolate Torte for the lady, cheesecake for the gentleman. Joey: Uh, excuse me sir, there seems to be some sort of red crap on my cheesecake. Waiter: Yes, that's Raspberry coule. Joey: (More to himself than anyone else) So stupid, ordering cheesecake, trying to     be healthy. (pushes it aside) Sarah: (tasting hers) Oh my God! (Looks at the waiter and then to Joey) Joey: Oh, all right, I'll just have what she's having instead. Waiter: Oh, I'm sorry sir, that was our last piece. Sarah: Mmmm! Mmm! (Sarah's beeper starts bleeping) Sarah: Oh, no! This is work. I should call in. Can you excuse me? Joey: Oh yeah, sure. No problem. (Joey's looking at Sarah's dessert, and takes her plate.) Sarah: What are you doing? I thought you don't share food. Joey: Sure I do. (holding up his own dessert) Coule? Sarah: (laughing) No. If I can't have your clams, you can't have my dessert. This is a two way street. Joey: (laughing) Really? Sarah: Really! Now this all better be here when I come back. (puts her plate back at her side of the table) Joey: Yeah, of course. I can control myself. (laughs uneasily and Sarah leaves the room) (Joey sits sideways on his chair, looking at Sarah's chocolate torte, and then looking away from it, nervously playing with his fork, drumming with it on the table every now and then.) Joey: (to the torte) Stop staring at me! (He then straightens himself, and looks at the torte) Joey: Why, just a tiny little... (He takes a little piece of Sarah's dessert. At first he doesn't think it's that special, but then...) Joey: Oh-oh! TIME LAPSE (Sarah enters the room again, and stops when she sees her dessert is missing. Joey has emptied her plate, and has a chocolate covered mouth, just like a kid.) Joey: I'm not even sorry.   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are entering.] Erica: Hi! Adoption Agency guy: Hey. Chandler: Hey. Agency guy: So, these are the preliminary forms for an open adoption. There's a lot to go over, but I'll explain everything as we go through it. Monica: (pointing to a picture on the table) I-Is... Is that a picture? Erica: Yeah. It's a sonogram they took of the baby last week. I thought you might want to see it. (gives it to Monica, who looks at it for a long time, and then shows it to Chandler) Monica: Look, doctor! (Chandler takes Monica's hand, and gets serious) Look, before we sign anything we really have to talk...(pause) We're not who you think we are. Agency guy: I don't understand. Chandler: The agency must have made some mistake. My wife is not a reverend and I'm not a doctor. Erica: What? Agency guy: That's impossible. Chandler: I could perform an operation on you and prove it if you'd like. Agency guy: I'll go check your file. Excuse me. Erica: So who are you? Chandler: Well, our names really are Monica and Chandler. We're from New York. Monica: Yeah, but the important thing to know about us, is how much we would care for this little baby. (holds up the sonogram) Erica: So you lied to me before? Monica: Well, we... (makes quotation signs in the air) "bore false witness"... See I could be a reverend. Erica: I can't believe this.  Monica: But we were hoping that since we told you the truth that you still might consider... Erica: Giving you my baby? You think I'd give you my child after this? Monica: Well, you don't have to decide right now, but if you could just look at our file... Erica: I don't want to look at your file! This is over. (She leaves the room, but Chandler runs after her. They meet in the hallway.) Chandler: Erica wait! Erica: I've nothing to say to you. (walks a few paces) Chandler: You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again. Erica: Why don't you ask the reverend to pray on it? Chandler: Erica, please. Just consider us. Ask them to see our file. Our last name's Bing. My wife's a chef and I'm in advertising. Erica: Oh yeah. I actually liked you guys. But it doesn't matter, because what you did was wrong. (walks away again, but Chandler catches up with her again) Chandler: But you did like us. And you should. My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this but the woman's always right... I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I... It kills me that I can't give her a baby... I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife... she's already there. She's a mother... without a baby... Please? (They look at each other. We switch back to Monica. Chandler opens the door and she turns to look at him.) Chandler: You still want that baby? (Monica plays those words back in her mind and then smiles and runs to Chandler, who is twisting with joy. They hug.) Monica: God bless you Chandler Bing! COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene: Central Perk. Joey's on the couch when Ross walks to him, with his jacket closed.] Ross: Turns out this sweater is made for a woman. Joey: (nods) So, why are you still wearing it? Ross: Because it's soft... Hey, so how was your date? Joey: Ooh... Not so good. Ross: Well, looks like it's just the two of us tonight, huh old buddy? Joey: Yeah, and you know what? We could do a lot worse. (they shake hands the way friends would. There's a muffin on the table, and Ross breaks off a piece and wants to put it in his mouth.) Joey: (shouting to Ross) JOEY DOESN'T SHARE FOOD! (Ross puts the piece back on the plate) end     
Monica: Hey!
Monica: Yep, we're gonna meet the lady who could be carrying our baby.
Monica: She's only a couple of months pregnant. She liked our application but who knows if she's gonna like us.
Monica: And a lot could still get in our way.
Monica: Oh my God. She's gonna pick us!
Monica: You know, I know that things could still go wrong but if they don't? If this works out, we're gonna have a baby Chandler, a baby!
Monica: Oh my God, it's gonna WORK! We're gonna make it work! I'm gonna be a mummy and (to Chandler) you're gonna be a daddy! All right, I'll see you suckers. I'm gonna get me... A BABY! {she leaves)
Monica: Ok, thank you.(the man leaves) Uh, well this is it. Are you OK?
Monica: Uh, we're gonna be great.
Monica: Well... obviously!
Monica: Hi. It is so, so nice to meet you.
Monica: I don't know about that.
Monica: (overlapping) Let her finish, doctor.
 Phoebe: Hey! Joey: Hey. Phoebe: Oh, my friend Sarah had a great time last night. Joey: Well... Phoebe: Yeah! So you're gonna call this one back? Joey: Nope. Phoebe: What are you talking about? Sarah's great! Joey: Oh, really? You know what your great friend did? We're out to dinner, ok? (he starts talking about the date and we can see what happened through a flashback video) We're getting along, having a really nice time. I was thinking she was really cool. And then, out of nowhere...  (Sarah picks up some fries from Joey’s plate and Joey looks very angry. Then we’re back to Central Perk and Joey does a you-see-what-I-mean look to Phoebe) Phoebe: That’s it? That’s why you won’t go out with her again? So, she took some fries, big deal! Joey: Hey, hey, look! It’s not about a few fries... it’s about what the fries represent. Phoebe: What? Joey: ALL FOOD! Phoebe: I’m sorry, I can’t believe I set you up with such a MONSTER! Joey: Hey, hey, hey, hey. Look. I take a girl out, she can order whatever she wants! The more, the better! All right? Just don’t order a Garden salad and then eat my food! That’s a good way to lose some fingers! (Rachel enters from the main door) Phoebe: (to Rachel) Oh Rachel: Hi Phoebe: Thank God you’re here. Listen to this! Rachel: what? Phoebe: Joey and my friend were out last night and having dinner and she reaches over and takes a few of his fries... Rachel: Oh! Oh, no! (Joey looks satisfied) Phoebe: What? You know about the plate thing? Rachel: Oh, yeah. Joey doesn’t share food. I mean, just last week we were having breakfast and he had a couple of grapes on his plate and ... Phoebe: (to Joey) You wouldn’t let her have a grape? Rachel: Oh no! Not me! Emma! (Phoebe looks horrified and she turns to watch Joey) Joey: (mad and pointing a finger to himself) JOEY DOESN’T SHARE FOOD! Phoebe: Well, I still think that it’s a stupid reason not to call someone again. You are calling her! And if you need to, just get an extra plate of fries for the table! Joey: (he thinks a little, considering the option and seems to be quite satisfied) I like that! A sharing buffer! Yeah! I’ll order some extra fries! Maybe a plate of onion rings. Yeah. And a shrimp cocktail. And some buffalo wings. Maybe an individual pizza, uh? And some mozzarella sticks. (he looks absorbed in his food thoughts) What were we talking about? [Scene: A clothes store. Ross and Phoebe are shopping]  Phoebe: (to Ross) This place is awesome! Ross: You know, we should just go, I’m not gonna find anything here! This stuff is ridiculous!  (Rachel arrives with a lot of clothes) Rachel: Ah, this place is great! Phoebe: Wow! Ross: Rach, come on, I’m not gonna wear any of this! (he picks up a shirt) Nothing silver. (Rachel sighs). Ok? Nothing with hair! (Rachel sighs again) And nothing with padlocks on it! (Rachel heaves a long disappointing sigh). Rachel: Ross, look, I know that some of this stuff is out there, but I mean, come on, look at this, look at this sweater! (she picks up a blue sweater). I mean, this is just beautiful! Ross: (feeling the fabric) Wow, this is really soft (he looks the price). Three hundred and fifty dollars? Rachel: Yeah, down from seven hundred, you are saving like two hundred bucks! Ross: Both logic and math are taking a serious hit today. Phoebe (walking to Ross carrying a black leather jacket): Hey, check this out! It’s totally you! Ross: Wow! Phoebe: Yeah! (Ross wears the jackets and look at himself in the mirror) Ross: Actually this looks like pretty good! Yeah!(he turns and watches his back and there’s a sign on the back of the jacket, “boys will be boys”) Boys will be boys? Phoebe: What? They will be! Ross: All right, that’s it, I’m getting out of here. Rachel: No, no, no, no! Ross, wait! Come on! You know, there’s other stuff. Here’s a nice shirt, look at these nice pants... Ross: Uh, actually these might look pretty good on me. Rachel: Yes, they will! You know what you should do? Just go take a walk, all right? I know your size and I’m... I’m gonna pick up some really good stuff for you. Ross: Really? Rachel: Yes! And I know what looks sexy on guys. Please, just wear what I suggest, and she’s gonna go nuts for you. Ross: So, you’re saying, uh, if I wear these pants I might be getting into hers? Rachel: (to Phoebe) Why do men keep talking to me like this?   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are still talking with Erica.] Chandler: So, the fact that I am a doctor, and my wife’s a reverend, that’s important to you? Erica: Yeah, I read some great applications, but then I thought “who better then a minister to raise a child!” Monica: Amen. Chandler: Plus I thought the baby would be in good hands with a doctor! Monica: Uh, good hands. (she holds Chandler hands) Healing hands. Erica: Reverend, can I ask? Does the bible say anything about adoption? Monica: It says “Do it!”. And behold she did adopt onto them a baby. And it was good. Erica: Wow. Chandler: Yeah, wow. Erica: I was wondering you both have such serious jobs. (to Monica) Would you have time to take care of a baby and your flock? Monica: Oh, you know, my flock is good, I mean, yeah, my flock pretty much takes care of themselves at this point. Good flock. Flock, flock, flock. Erica: (to Chandler) Being a doctor must take up a lot of time. Chandler: No-ot for me it doesn’t. (The agency guy enters the room) Agency guy: So, how’s everything going in here? Erica: We’re great, I think I may have asked all my questions. Agency guy: Do you have any question for Erica? Chandler: Yeah, actually. So, you read a file that you liked and you gave the agency the serial number and they contacted us? Agency guy: Yes, our system assures total anonimity. We’re very proud of it. Chandler: You should be. You’re really on top of stuff.. Agency guy: (to Erica) Well, then if there’s nothing else, then the two of us should talk. Erica: Actually, I don’t think we have to. Monica: We don’t? Erica: Yeah, when I read about you two, I was pretty sure I wanted you, but I just thought we should meet face to face. (to the agency guy). I've made my decision. I choose them. Monica: Oh my God, this is great! This is so great! (to Chandler, who looks bewildered). Did you hear that? Chandler: Yeah, I did. Monica: (to Erica) Hey, thank you. Thank you so much. (they hugs). You are SO going to Heaven!  [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel and Phoebe walk in, loaded with bags.]  Rachel: We got some really great stuff! Phoebe: Yeah, yeah but I am not sure about some of the bra's I got. Rachel: Oh! Really? Do you wanna try some of them on for me?  Phoebe: Oh! okay. Wait, are we in Joey's imagination? Rachel: (looking into one of her shopping bags) Oh no! I took one of Ross' bags by     mistake, and one of mine is missing. Phoebe: oh, well, Ross probably has it, you can get it from him later.    [Scene: Ross walks into Central Perk, wearing a pink and white ladies shirt. Joey is on the couch]   Ross: (to Joey) So? What do you think? (Shows himself - Joey observes him with a strange look on his face.) Joey: I think were not wearing the same shirt anymore!! Ross: (not getting it) Yeah! Yeah! Rachel picked it out for me. She told me to trust her and you know what? I'm glad I did! I turned quite a few heads on my way over here. Joey: (now laughing a little) Dude, I really don't think you should be wearing that. Ross: Oh, I see, somebody is afraid of a little competition with the ladies? Joey: (looking a little agitated now) Looks like someone IS the ladies!! Ross: You're just jealous because you couldn't pull this off. Yeah, now if you'll excuse me (getting up and taking his coat) I have a date. (As he is walking out, everyone turns and stares at him) See? (To Joey) ALL eyes on ME!    [Scene: Monica and Chandler's hotel room. They enter.] Chandler: We are NOT signing those papers. Monica: Why not? Chandler: It's wrong. They made a mistake. They think we're somebody else. Monica: God works in mysterious ways. Chandler: You have gotta stop! Monica: But she liked us. Chandler: She likes Doctor Chandler and Reverend Monica. Monica: Well, if you think about it, I am kind of like a Reverend. I mean, as a chef, I serve God, by feeing the hungry and poor. (looks very convinced about what she just said) Chandler: Your Veal Chop is $34,95! Monica: C'mon Chandler, I think we have been given an opportunity. I mean, the mistake has already been made. They are writing up the paper right now. Chandler: But we are not the one she chose! How can you feel okay about this? Monica: (very emotional) Because... We may not be who she thinks we are but no-one will ever love that baby more than us. Chandler: I know.. Monica: I mean, who knows how long it's gonna take for someone else to give us a baby? What if, what if no one ever picks us? Chandler: oh, honey.. Monica: (Almost crying) Please.. please, we are so close. Chandler: Monica, I want a baby too, but this woman is giving away her child. She deserves to know who it's going to.   Monica: (realizes Chandler is right. She's almost crying) okay, right. (They hug) Chandler: So, we'll tell the truth and who knows, maybe she'll like us for us. Monica: (sniffing) Maybe she will. Uh! Why couldn't I have been a Reverend? Chandler: You're Jewish. Monica: Technicality!   [Scene: A restaurant. Joey is on his date with Phoebe’s friend, Sarah. They are sitting opposite each other on a table for two. Their waiter approaches with two plates.] Waiter: A garden salad for the lady (sets the plate down) Joey: Oh, that looks great! Good ordering! Waiter: Seafood platter for the gentleman and extra fries. Enjoy! Sarah: Mmmh, those fries look delicious. Joey: oh, I didn't know you liked French fries. Help yourself! What's mine is yours. (Sarah reaches over and takes a few fries) Sarah: (looks over at Joey's platter) Oh wow, are those stuffed clams? Joey: Uuuh.. yes, they are my stuffed clams. (Sarah, is grinning and starts to reach over to Joey's plate to take a few clams) Joey: How about those fries though, huh? (Holds the plate between Sarah’s fingers and his plate, thus blocking her from reaching his) Sarah: They are delicious (takes a few from the plate, puts one in her mouth and places the rest on her plate, then starts to reach over to Joey's platter again) Joey: (Spotting her movements takes her hand into his own) You are beautiful, you know that? Sarah: Oh, that is so sweet.. Joey: Oh (grinning, trying to hold in his impatience with her) okay.. (she takes her hand back) (Then she reaches over again and Joey moves his plate a little to the left, and she misses, then she reaches out again, and he moves his plate to the right , so she misses again. She tries a third time and this time, Joey pushes his plate so far to the left, it drops off the edge of the table) Joey: (Visibly annoyed) NOW look what you did!! Sarah: What? what is the matter with you? Joey: I don't like it when people take food off of my plate, okay? Sarah: But you just said "What's mine is yours"? Joey: WELL, I DIDN'T MEAN IT! Sarah: Fine, I'm sorry, I didn't think it was that big a deal. Joey: I'm sorry, I'm overreacting. Okay, It's just when it comes to food, I have certain rules, okay, I mean (bends down and with his plate and his hands, scrapes the dropped dinner back onto the plate and puts it back on the table) There are things you do..and you now, things.. (takes something from the plate and blows it a little) that you don't do (He takes a bite from it).  (Sarah looks a little disgusted)   [Scene: Ross and his date walk into a lobby. They are both wearing their jackets]   Girl: Wow, this place looks great. Ross: Oh! You are gonna love it! (The girl is looking in the other direction as Ross is taking off his own coat, revealing the pink and white ladies shirt) and I'm so glad, we're finally doing this. Girl: Me too! (starts to take her coat off) Ross: Here (gets behind her to help. When the coat comes off we see she is wearing the exact same shirt Ross is wearing. They look at each other, shocked. They abruptly put their coat back on) So this was fun! (They leave the room and head into opposite directions)   [Scene: Back at the restaurant with Joey and Sarah. Joey is holding Sarah's hands] Joey: I really am sorry about, you know..before. I just want to make sure you know that I really do like you. Sarah: Sure (smiling) Just not as much as clams. Joey: (Jokingly) Well, stuffed clams. (The waiter arrives with their deserts) Waiter: Chocolate Torte for the lady, cheesecake for the gentleman. Joey: Uh, excuse me sir, there seems to be some sort of red crap on my cheesecake. Waiter: Yes, that's Raspberry coule. Joey: (More to himself than anyone else) So stupid, ordering cheesecake, trying to     be healthy. (pushes it aside) Sarah: (tasting hers) Oh my God! (Looks at the waiter and then to Joey) Joey: Oh, all right, I'll just have what she's having instead. Waiter: Oh, I'm sorry sir, that was our last piece. Sarah: Mmmm! Mmm! (Sarah's beeper starts bleeping) Sarah: Oh, no! This is work. I should call in. Can you excuse me? Joey: Oh yeah, sure. No problem. (Joey's looking at Sarah's dessert, and takes her plate.) Sarah: What are you doing? I thought you don't share food. Joey: Sure I do. (holding up his own dessert) Coule? Sarah: (laughing) No. If I can't have your clams, you can't have my dessert. This is a two way street. Joey: (laughing) Really? Sarah: Really! Now this all better be here when I come back. (puts her plate back at her side of the table) Joey: Yeah, of course. I can control myself. (laughs uneasily and Sarah leaves the room) (Joey sits sideways on his chair, looking at Sarah's chocolate torte, and then looking away from it, nervously playing with his fork, drumming with it on the table every now and then.) Joey: (to the torte) Stop staring at me! (He then straightens himself, and looks at the torte) Joey: Why, just a tiny little... (He takes a little piece of Sarah's dessert. At first he doesn't think it's that special, but then...) Joey: Oh-oh! TIME LAPSE (Sarah enters the room again, and stops when she sees her dessert is missing. Joey has emptied her plate, and has a chocolate covered mouth, just like a kid.) Joey: I'm not even sorry.   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are entering.] Erica: Hi! Adoption Agency guy: Hey. Chandler: Hey. Agency guy: So, these are the preliminary forms for an open adoption. There's a lot to go over, but I'll explain everything as we go through it. Monica: (pointing to a picture on the table) I-Is... Is that a picture? Erica: Yeah. It's a sonogram they took of the baby last week. I thought you might want to see it. (gives it to Monica, who looks at it for a long time, and then shows it to Chandler) Monica: Look, doctor! (Chandler takes Monica's hand, and gets serious) Look, before we sign anything we really have to talk...(pause) We're not who you think we are. Agency guy: I don't understand. Chandler: The agency must have made some mistake. My wife is not a reverend and I'm not a doctor. Erica: What? Agency guy: That's impossible. Chandler: I could perform an operation on you and prove it if you'd like. Agency guy: I'll go check your file. Excuse me. Erica: So who are you? Chandler: Well, our names really are Monica and Chandler. We're from New York. Monica: Yeah, but the important thing to know about us, is how much we would care for this little baby. (holds up the sonogram) Erica: So you lied to me before? Monica: Well, we... (makes quotation signs in the air) "bore false witness"... See I could be a reverend. Erica: I can't believe this.  Monica: But we were hoping that since we told you the truth that you still might consider... Erica: Giving you my baby? You think I'd give you my child after this? Monica: Well, you don't have to decide right now, but if you could just look at our file... Erica: I don't want to look at your file! This is over. (She leaves the room, but Chandler runs after her. They meet in the hallway.) Chandler: Erica wait! Erica: I've nothing to say to you. (walks a few paces) Chandler: You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again. Erica: Why don't you ask the reverend to pray on it? Chandler: Erica, please. Just consider us. Ask them to see our file. Our last name's Bing. My wife's a chef and I'm in advertising. Erica: Oh yeah. I actually liked you guys. But it doesn't matter, because what you did was wrong. (walks away again, but Chandler catches up with her again) Chandler: But you did like us. And you should. My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this but the woman's always right... I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I... It kills me that I can't give her a baby... I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife... she's already there. She's a mother... without a baby... Please? (They look at each other. We switch back to Monica. Chandler opens the door and she turns to look at him.) Chandler: You still want that baby? (Monica plays those words back in her mind and then smiles and runs to Chandler, who is twisting with joy. They hug.) Monica: God bless you Chandler Bing! COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene: Central Perk. Joey's on the couch when Ross walks to him, with his jacket closed.] Ross: Turns out this sweater is made for a woman. Joey: (nods) So, why are you still wearing it? Ross: Because it's soft... Hey, so how was your date? Joey: Ooh... Not so good. Ross: Well, looks like it's just the two of us tonight, huh old buddy? Joey: Yeah, and you know what? We could do a lot worse. (they shake hands the way friends would. There's a muffin on the table, and Ross breaks off a piece and wants to put it in his mouth.) Joey: (shouting to Ross) JOEY DOESN'T SHARE FOOD! (Ross puts the piece back on the plate) end     
 Phoebe: (to Ross) This place is awesome! Ross: You know, we should just go, I’m not gonna find anything here! This stuff is ridiculous!  (Rachel arrives with a lot of clothes) Rachel: Ah, this place is great! Phoebe: Wow! Ross: Rach, come on, I’m not gonna wear any of this! (he picks up a shirt) Nothing silver. (Rachel sighs). Ok? Nothing with hair! (Rachel sighs again) And nothing with padlocks on it! (Rachel heaves a long disappointing sigh). Rachel: Ross, look, I know that some of this stuff is out there, but I mean, come on, look at this, look at this sweater! (she picks up a blue sweater). I mean, this is just beautiful! Ross: (feeling the fabric) Wow, this is really soft (he looks the price). Three hundred and fifty dollars? Rachel: Yeah, down from seven hundred, you are saving like two hundred bucks! Ross: Both logic and math are taking a serious hit today. Phoebe (walking to Ross carrying a black leather jacket): Hey, check this out! It’s totally you! Ross: Wow! Phoebe: Yeah! (Ross wears the jackets and look at himself in the mirror) Ross: Actually this looks like pretty good! Yeah!(he turns and watches his back and there’s a sign on the back of the jacket, “boys will be boys”) Boys will be boys? Phoebe: What? They will be! Ross: All right, that’s it, I’m getting out of here. Rachel: No, no, no, no! Ross, wait! Come on! You know, there’s other stuff. Here’s a nice shirt, look at these nice pants... Ross: Uh, actually these might look pretty good on me. Rachel: Yes, they will! You know what you should do? Just go take a walk, all right? I know your size and I’m... I’m gonna pick up some really good stuff for you. Ross: Really? Rachel: Yes! And I know what looks sexy on guys. Please, just wear what I suggest, and she’s gonna go nuts for you. Ross: So, you’re saying, uh, if I wear these pants I might be getting into hers? Rachel: (to Phoebe) Why do men keep talking to me like this?   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are still talking with Erica.] Chandler: So, the fact that I am a doctor, and my wife’s a reverend, that’s important to you? Erica: Yeah, I read some great applications, but then I thought “who better then a minister to raise a child!” Monica: Amen. Chandler: Plus I thought the baby would be in good hands with a doctor! Monica: Uh, good hands. (she holds Chandler hands) Healing hands. Erica: Reverend, can I ask? Does the bible say anything about adoption? Monica: It says “Do it!”. And behold she did adopt onto them a baby. And it was good. Erica: Wow. Chandler: Yeah, wow. Erica: I was wondering you both have such serious jobs. (to Monica) Would you have time to take care of a baby and your flock? Monica: Oh, you know, my flock is good, I mean, yeah, my flock pretty much takes care of themselves at this point. Good flock. Flock, flock, flock. Erica: (to Chandler) Being a doctor must take up a lot of time. Chandler: No-ot for me it doesn’t. (The agency guy enters the room) Agency guy: So, how’s everything going in here? Erica: We’re great, I think I may have asked all my questions. Agency guy: Do you have any question for Erica? Chandler: Yeah, actually. So, you read a file that you liked and you gave the agency the serial number and they contacted us? Agency guy: Yes, our system assures total anonimity. We’re very proud of it. Chandler: You should be. You’re really on top of stuff.. Agency guy: (to Erica) Well, then if there’s nothing else, then the two of us should talk. Erica: Actually, I don’t think we have to. Monica: We don’t? Erica: Yeah, when I read about you two, I was pretty sure I wanted you, but I just thought we should meet face to face. (to the agency guy). I've made my decision. I choose them. Monica: Oh my God, this is great! This is so great! (to Chandler, who looks bewildered). Did you hear that? Chandler: Yeah, I did. Monica: (to Erica) Hey, thank you. Thank you so much. (they hugs). You are SO going to Heaven!  [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel and Phoebe walk in, loaded with bags.]  Rachel: We got some really great stuff! Phoebe: Yeah, yeah but I am not sure about some of the bra's I got. Rachel: Oh! Really? Do you wanna try some of them on for me?  Phoebe: Oh! okay. Wait, are we in Joey's imagination? Rachel: (looking into one of her shopping bags) Oh no! I took one of Ross' bags by     mistake, and one of mine is missing. Phoebe: oh, well, Ross probably has it, you can get it from him later.    [Scene: Ross walks into Central Perk, wearing a pink and white ladies shirt. Joey is on the couch]   Ross: (to Joey) So? What do you think? (Shows himself - Joey observes him with a strange look on his face.) Joey: I think were not wearing the same shirt anymore!! Ross: (not getting it) Yeah! Yeah! Rachel picked it out for me. She told me to trust her and you know what? I'm glad I did! I turned quite a few heads on my way over here. Joey: (now laughing a little) Dude, I really don't think you should be wearing that. Ross: Oh, I see, somebody is afraid of a little competition with the ladies? Joey: (looking a little agitated now) Looks like someone IS the ladies!! Ross: You're just jealous because you couldn't pull this off. Yeah, now if you'll excuse me (getting up and taking his coat) I have a date. (As he is walking out, everyone turns and stares at him) See? (To Joey) ALL eyes on ME!    [Scene: Monica and Chandler's hotel room. They enter.] Chandler: We are NOT signing those papers. Monica: Why not? Chandler: It's wrong. They made a mistake. They think we're somebody else. Monica: God works in mysterious ways. Chandler: You have gotta stop! Monica: But she liked us. Chandler: She likes Doctor Chandler and Reverend Monica. Monica: Well, if you think about it, I am kind of like a Reverend. I mean, as a chef, I serve God, by feeing the hungry and poor. (looks very convinced about what she just said) Chandler: Your Veal Chop is $34,95! Monica: C'mon Chandler, I think we have been given an opportunity. I mean, the mistake has already been made. They are writing up the paper right now. Chandler: But we are not the one she chose! How can you feel okay about this? Monica: (very emotional) Because... We may not be who she thinks we are but no-one will ever love that baby more than us. Chandler: I know.. Monica: I mean, who knows how long it's gonna take for someone else to give us a baby? What if, what if no one ever picks us? Chandler: oh, honey.. Monica: (Almost crying) Please.. please, we are so close. Chandler: Monica, I want a baby too, but this woman is giving away her child. She deserves to know who it's going to.   Monica: (realizes Chandler is right. She's almost crying) okay, right. (They hug) Chandler: So, we'll tell the truth and who knows, maybe she'll like us for us. Monica: (sniffing) Maybe she will. Uh! Why couldn't I have been a Reverend? Chandler: You're Jewish. Monica: Technicality!   [Scene: A restaurant. Joey is on his date with Phoebe’s friend, Sarah. They are sitting opposite each other on a table for two. Their waiter approaches with two plates.] Waiter: A garden salad for the lady (sets the plate down) Joey: Oh, that looks great! Good ordering! Waiter: Seafood platter for the gentleman and extra fries. Enjoy! Sarah: Mmmh, those fries look delicious. Joey: oh, I didn't know you liked French fries. Help yourself! What's mine is yours. (Sarah reaches over and takes a few fries) Sarah: (looks over at Joey's platter) Oh wow, are those stuffed clams? Joey: Uuuh.. yes, they are my stuffed clams. (Sarah, is grinning and starts to reach over to Joey's plate to take a few clams) Joey: How about those fries though, huh? (Holds the plate between Sarah’s fingers and his plate, thus blocking her from reaching his) Sarah: They are delicious (takes a few from the plate, puts one in her mouth and places the rest on her plate, then starts to reach over to Joey's platter again) Joey: (Spotting her movements takes her hand into his own) You are beautiful, you know that? Sarah: Oh, that is so sweet.. Joey: Oh (grinning, trying to hold in his impatience with her) okay.. (she takes her hand back) (Then she reaches over again and Joey moves his plate a little to the left, and she misses, then she reaches out again, and he moves his plate to the right , so she misses again. She tries a third time and this time, Joey pushes his plate so far to the left, it drops off the edge of the table) Joey: (Visibly annoyed) NOW look what you did!! Sarah: What? what is the matter with you? Joey: I don't like it when people take food off of my plate, okay? Sarah: But you just said "What's mine is yours"? Joey: WELL, I DIDN'T MEAN IT! Sarah: Fine, I'm sorry, I didn't think it was that big a deal. Joey: I'm sorry, I'm overreacting. Okay, It's just when it comes to food, I have certain rules, okay, I mean (bends down and with his plate and his hands, scrapes the dropped dinner back onto the plate and puts it back on the table) There are things you do..and you now, things.. (takes something from the plate and blows it a little) that you don't do (He takes a bite from it).  (Sarah looks a little disgusted)   [Scene: Ross and his date walk into a lobby. They are both wearing their jackets]   Girl: Wow, this place looks great. Ross: Oh! You are gonna love it! (The girl is looking in the other direction as Ross is taking off his own coat, revealing the pink and white ladies shirt) and I'm so glad, we're finally doing this. Girl: Me too! (starts to take her coat off) Ross: Here (gets behind her to help. When the coat comes off we see she is wearing the exact same shirt Ross is wearing. They look at each other, shocked. They abruptly put their coat back on) So this was fun! (They leave the room and head into opposite directions)   [Scene: Back at the restaurant with Joey and Sarah. Joey is holding Sarah's hands] Joey: I really am sorry about, you know..before. I just want to make sure you know that I really do like you. Sarah: Sure (smiling) Just not as much as clams. Joey: (Jokingly) Well, stuffed clams. (The waiter arrives with their deserts) Waiter: Chocolate Torte for the lady, cheesecake for the gentleman. Joey: Uh, excuse me sir, there seems to be some sort of red crap on my cheesecake. Waiter: Yes, that's Raspberry coule. Joey: (More to himself than anyone else) So stupid, ordering cheesecake, trying to     be healthy. (pushes it aside) Sarah: (tasting hers) Oh my God! (Looks at the waiter and then to Joey) Joey: Oh, all right, I'll just have what she's having instead. Waiter: Oh, I'm sorry sir, that was our last piece. Sarah: Mmmm! Mmm! (Sarah's beeper starts bleeping) Sarah: Oh, no! This is work. I should call in. Can you excuse me? Joey: Oh yeah, sure. No problem. (Joey's looking at Sarah's dessert, and takes her plate.) Sarah: What are you doing? I thought you don't share food. Joey: Sure I do. (holding up his own dessert) Coule? Sarah: (laughing) No. If I can't have your clams, you can't have my dessert. This is a two way street. Joey: (laughing) Really? Sarah: Really! Now this all better be here when I come back. (puts her plate back at her side of the table) Joey: Yeah, of course. I can control myself. (laughs uneasily and Sarah leaves the room) (Joey sits sideways on his chair, looking at Sarah's chocolate torte, and then looking away from it, nervously playing with his fork, drumming with it on the table every now and then.) Joey: (to the torte) Stop staring at me! (He then straightens himself, and looks at the torte) Joey: Why, just a tiny little... (He takes a little piece of Sarah's dessert. At first he doesn't think it's that special, but then...) Joey: Oh-oh! TIME LAPSE (Sarah enters the room again, and stops when she sees her dessert is missing. Joey has emptied her plate, and has a chocolate covered mouth, just like a kid.) Joey: I'm not even sorry.   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are entering.] Erica: Hi! Adoption Agency guy: Hey. Chandler: Hey. Agency guy: So, these are the preliminary forms for an open adoption. There's a lot to go over, but I'll explain everything as we go through it. Monica: (pointing to a picture on the table) I-Is... Is that a picture? Erica: Yeah. It's a sonogram they took of the baby last week. I thought you might want to see it. (gives it to Monica, who looks at it for a long time, and then shows it to Chandler) Monica: Look, doctor! (Chandler takes Monica's hand, and gets serious) Look, before we sign anything we really have to talk...(pause) We're not who you think we are. Agency guy: I don't understand. Chandler: The agency must have made some mistake. My wife is not a reverend and I'm not a doctor. Erica: What? Agency guy: That's impossible. Chandler: I could perform an operation on you and prove it if you'd like. Agency guy: I'll go check your file. Excuse me. Erica: So who are you? Chandler: Well, our names really are Monica and Chandler. We're from New York. Monica: Yeah, but the important thing to know about us, is how much we would care for this little baby. (holds up the sonogram) Erica: So you lied to me before? Monica: Well, we... (makes quotation signs in the air) "bore false witness"... See I could be a reverend. Erica: I can't believe this.  Monica: But we were hoping that since we told you the truth that you still might consider... Erica: Giving you my baby? You think I'd give you my child after this? Monica: Well, you don't have to decide right now, but if you could just look at our file... Erica: I don't want to look at your file! This is over. (She leaves the room, but Chandler runs after her. They meet in the hallway.) Chandler: Erica wait! Erica: I've nothing to say to you. (walks a few paces) Chandler: You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again. Erica: Why don't you ask the reverend to pray on it? Chandler: Erica, please. Just consider us. Ask them to see our file. Our last name's Bing. My wife's a chef and I'm in advertising. Erica: Oh yeah. I actually liked you guys. But it doesn't matter, because what you did was wrong. (walks away again, but Chandler catches up with her again) Chandler: But you did like us. And you should. My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this but the woman's always right... I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I... It kills me that I can't give her a baby... I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife... she's already there. She's a mother... without a baby... Please? (They look at each other. We switch back to Monica. Chandler opens the door and she turns to look at him.) Chandler: You still want that baby? (Monica plays those words back in her mind and then smiles and runs to Chandler, who is twisting with joy. They hug.) Monica: God bless you Chandler Bing! COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene: Central Perk. Joey's on the couch when Ross walks to him, with his jacket closed.] Ross: Turns out this sweater is made for a woman. Joey: (nods) So, why are you still wearing it? Ross: Because it's soft... Hey, so how was your date? Joey: Ooh... Not so good. Ross: Well, looks like it's just the two of us tonight, huh old buddy? Joey: Yeah, and you know what? We could do a lot worse. (they shake hands the way friends would. There's a muffin on the table, and Ross breaks off a piece and wants to put it in his mouth.) Joey: (shouting to Ross) JOEY DOESN'T SHARE FOOD! (Ross puts the piece back on the plate) end     
  [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are still talking with Erica.] Chandler: So, the fact that I am a doctor, and my wife’s a reverend, that’s important to you? Erica: Yeah, I read some great applications, but then I thought “who better then a minister to raise a child!” Monica: Amen. Chandler: Plus I thought the baby would be in good hands with a doctor! Monica: Uh, good hands. (she holds Chandler hands) Healing hands. Erica: Reverend, can I ask? Does the bible say anything about adoption? Monica: It says “Do it!”. And behold she did adopt onto them a baby. And it was good. Erica: Wow. Chandler: Yeah, wow. Erica: I was wondering you both have such serious jobs. (to Monica) Would you have time to take care of a baby and your flock? Monica: Oh, you know, my flock is good, I mean, yeah, my flock pretty much takes care of themselves at this point. Good flock. Flock, flock, flock. Erica: (to Chandler) Being a doctor must take up a lot of time. Chandler: No-ot for me it doesn’t. (The agency guy enters the room) Agency guy: So, how’s everything going in here? Erica: We’re great, I think I may have asked all my questions. Agency guy: Do you have any question for Erica? Chandler: Yeah, actually. So, you read a file that you liked and you gave the agency the serial number and they contacted us? Agency guy: Yes, our system assures total anonimity. We’re very proud of it. Chandler: You should be. You’re really on top of stuff.. Agency guy: (to Erica) Well, then if there’s nothing else, then the two of us should talk. Erica: Actually, I don’t think we have to. Monica: We don’t? Erica: Yeah, when I read about you two, I was pretty sure I wanted you, but I just thought we should meet face to face. (to the agency guy). I've made my decision. I choose them. Monica: Oh my God, this is great! This is so great! (to Chandler, who looks bewildered). Did you hear that? Chandler: Yeah, I did. Monica: (to Erica) Hey, thank you. Thank you so much. (they hugs). You are SO going to Heaven!  [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel and Phoebe walk in, loaded with bags.]  Rachel: We got some really great stuff! Phoebe: Yeah, yeah but I am not sure about some of the bra's I got. Rachel: Oh! Really? Do you wanna try some of them on for me?  Phoebe: Oh! okay. Wait, are we in Joey's imagination? Rachel: (looking into one of her shopping bags) Oh no! I took one of Ross' bags by     mistake, and one of mine is missing. Phoebe: oh, well, Ross probably has it, you can get it from him later.    [Scene: Ross walks into Central Perk, wearing a pink and white ladies shirt. Joey is on the couch]   Ross: (to Joey) So? What do you think? (Shows himself - Joey observes him with a strange look on his face.) Joey: I think were not wearing the same shirt anymore!! Ross: (not getting it) Yeah! Yeah! Rachel picked it out for me. She told me to trust her and you know what? I'm glad I did! I turned quite a few heads on my way over here. Joey: (now laughing a little) Dude, I really don't think you should be wearing that. Ross: Oh, I see, somebody is afraid of a little competition with the ladies? Joey: (looking a little agitated now) Looks like someone IS the ladies!! Ross: You're just jealous because you couldn't pull this off. Yeah, now if you'll excuse me (getting up and taking his coat) I have a date. (As he is walking out, everyone turns and stares at him) See? (To Joey) ALL eyes on ME!    [Scene: Monica and Chandler's hotel room. They enter.] Chandler: We are NOT signing those papers. Monica: Why not? Chandler: It's wrong. They made a mistake. They think we're somebody else. Monica: God works in mysterious ways. Chandler: You have gotta stop! Monica: But she liked us. Chandler: She likes Doctor Chandler and Reverend Monica. Monica: Well, if you think about it, I am kind of like a Reverend. I mean, as a chef, I serve God, by feeing the hungry and poor. (looks very convinced about what she just said) Chandler: Your Veal Chop is $34,95! Monica: C'mon Chandler, I think we have been given an opportunity. I mean, the mistake has already been made. They are writing up the paper right now. Chandler: But we are not the one she chose! How can you feel okay about this? Monica: (very emotional) Because... We may not be who she thinks we are but no-one will ever love that baby more than us. Chandler: I know.. Monica: I mean, who knows how long it's gonna take for someone else to give us a baby? What if, what if no one ever picks us? Chandler: oh, honey.. Monica: (Almost crying) Please.. please, we are so close. Chandler: Monica, I want a baby too, but this woman is giving away her child. She deserves to know who it's going to.   Monica: (realizes Chandler is right. She's almost crying) okay, right. (They hug) Chandler: So, we'll tell the truth and who knows, maybe she'll like us for us. Monica: (sniffing) Maybe she will. Uh! Why couldn't I have been a Reverend? Chandler: You're Jewish. Monica: Technicality!   [Scene: A restaurant. Joey is on his date with Phoebe’s friend, Sarah. They are sitting opposite each other on a table for two. Their waiter approaches with two plates.] Waiter: A garden salad for the lady (sets the plate down) Joey: Oh, that looks great! Good ordering! Waiter: Seafood platter for the gentleman and extra fries. Enjoy! Sarah: Mmmh, those fries look delicious. Joey: oh, I didn't know you liked French fries. Help yourself! What's mine is yours. (Sarah reaches over and takes a few fries) Sarah: (looks over at Joey's platter) Oh wow, are those stuffed clams? Joey: Uuuh.. yes, they are my stuffed clams. (Sarah, is grinning and starts to reach over to Joey's plate to take a few clams) Joey: How about those fries though, huh? (Holds the plate between Sarah’s fingers and his plate, thus blocking her from reaching his) Sarah: They are delicious (takes a few from the plate, puts one in her mouth and places the rest on her plate, then starts to reach over to Joey's platter again) Joey: (Spotting her movements takes her hand into his own) You are beautiful, you know that? Sarah: Oh, that is so sweet.. Joey: Oh (grinning, trying to hold in his impatience with her) okay.. (she takes her hand back) (Then she reaches over again and Joey moves his plate a little to the left, and she misses, then she reaches out again, and he moves his plate to the right , so she misses again. She tries a third time and this time, Joey pushes his plate so far to the left, it drops off the edge of the table) Joey: (Visibly annoyed) NOW look what you did!! Sarah: What? what is the matter with you? Joey: I don't like it when people take food off of my plate, okay? Sarah: But you just said "What's mine is yours"? Joey: WELL, I DIDN'T MEAN IT! Sarah: Fine, I'm sorry, I didn't think it was that big a deal. Joey: I'm sorry, I'm overreacting. Okay, It's just when it comes to food, I have certain rules, okay, I mean (bends down and with his plate and his hands, scrapes the dropped dinner back onto the plate and puts it back on the table) There are things you do..and you now, things.. (takes something from the plate and blows it a little) that you don't do (He takes a bite from it).  (Sarah looks a little disgusted)   [Scene: Ross and his date walk into a lobby. They are both wearing their jackets]   Girl: Wow, this place looks great. Ross: Oh! You are gonna love it! (The girl is looking in the other direction as Ross is taking off his own coat, revealing the pink and white ladies shirt) and I'm so glad, we're finally doing this. Girl: Me too! (starts to take her coat off) Ross: Here (gets behind her to help. When the coat comes off we see she is wearing the exact same shirt Ross is wearing. They look at each other, shocked. They abruptly put their coat back on) So this was fun! (They leave the room and head into opposite directions)   [Scene: Back at the restaurant with Joey and Sarah. Joey is holding Sarah's hands] Joey: I really am sorry about, you know..before. I just want to make sure you know that I really do like you. Sarah: Sure (smiling) Just not as much as clams. Joey: (Jokingly) Well, stuffed clams. (The waiter arrives with their deserts) Waiter: Chocolate Torte for the lady, cheesecake for the gentleman. Joey: Uh, excuse me sir, there seems to be some sort of red crap on my cheesecake. Waiter: Yes, that's Raspberry coule. Joey: (More to himself than anyone else) So stupid, ordering cheesecake, trying to     be healthy. (pushes it aside) Sarah: (tasting hers) Oh my God! (Looks at the waiter and then to Joey) Joey: Oh, all right, I'll just have what she's having instead. Waiter: Oh, I'm sorry sir, that was our last piece. Sarah: Mmmm! Mmm! (Sarah's beeper starts bleeping) Sarah: Oh, no! This is work. I should call in. Can you excuse me? Joey: Oh yeah, sure. No problem. (Joey's looking at Sarah's dessert, and takes her plate.) Sarah: What are you doing? I thought you don't share food. Joey: Sure I do. (holding up his own dessert) Coule? Sarah: (laughing) No. If I can't have your clams, you can't have my dessert. This is a two way street. Joey: (laughing) Really? Sarah: Really! Now this all better be here when I come back. (puts her plate back at her side of the table) Joey: Yeah, of course. I can control myself. (laughs uneasily and Sarah leaves the room) (Joey sits sideways on his chair, looking at Sarah's chocolate torte, and then looking away from it, nervously playing with his fork, drumming with it on the table every now and then.) Joey: (to the torte) Stop staring at me! (He then straightens himself, and looks at the torte) Joey: Why, just a tiny little... (He takes a little piece of Sarah's dessert. At first he doesn't think it's that special, but then...) Joey: Oh-oh! TIME LAPSE (Sarah enters the room again, and stops when she sees her dessert is missing. Joey has emptied her plate, and has a chocolate covered mouth, just like a kid.) Joey: I'm not even sorry.   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are entering.] Erica: Hi! Adoption Agency guy: Hey. Chandler: Hey. Agency guy: So, these are the preliminary forms for an open adoption. There's a lot to go over, but I'll explain everything as we go through it. Monica: (pointing to a picture on the table) I-Is... Is that a picture? Erica: Yeah. It's a sonogram they took of the baby last week. I thought you might want to see it. (gives it to Monica, who looks at it for a long time, and then shows it to Chandler) Monica: Look, doctor! (Chandler takes Monica's hand, and gets serious) Look, before we sign anything we really have to talk...(pause) We're not who you think we are. Agency guy: I don't understand. Chandler: The agency must have made some mistake. My wife is not a reverend and I'm not a doctor. Erica: What? Agency guy: That's impossible. Chandler: I could perform an operation on you and prove it if you'd like. Agency guy: I'll go check your file. Excuse me. Erica: So who are you? Chandler: Well, our names really are Monica and Chandler. We're from New York. Monica: Yeah, but the important thing to know about us, is how much we would care for this little baby. (holds up the sonogram) Erica: So you lied to me before? Monica: Well, we... (makes quotation signs in the air) "bore false witness"... See I could be a reverend. Erica: I can't believe this.  Monica: But we were hoping that since we told you the truth that you still might consider... Erica: Giving you my baby? You think I'd give you my child after this? Monica: Well, you don't have to decide right now, but if you could just look at our file... Erica: I don't want to look at your file! This is over. (She leaves the room, but Chandler runs after her. They meet in the hallway.) Chandler: Erica wait! Erica: I've nothing to say to you. (walks a few paces) Chandler: You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again. Erica: Why don't you ask the reverend to pray on it? Chandler: Erica, please. Just consider us. Ask them to see our file. Our last name's Bing. My wife's a chef and I'm in advertising. Erica: Oh yeah. I actually liked you guys. But it doesn't matter, because what you did was wrong. (walks away again, but Chandler catches up with her again) Chandler: But you did like us. And you should. My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this but the woman's always right... I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I... It kills me that I can't give her a baby... I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife... she's already there. She's a mother... without a baby... Please? (They look at each other. We switch back to Monica. Chandler opens the door and she turns to look at him.) Chandler: You still want that baby? (Monica plays those words back in her mind and then smiles and runs to Chandler, who is twisting with joy. They hug.) Monica: God bless you Chandler Bing! COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene: Central Perk. Joey's on the couch when Ross walks to him, with his jacket closed.] Ross: Turns out this sweater is made for a woman. Joey: (nods) So, why are you still wearing it? Ross: Because it's soft... Hey, so how was your date? Joey: Ooh... Not so good. Ross: Well, looks like it's just the two of us tonight, huh old buddy? Joey: Yeah, and you know what? We could do a lot worse. (they shake hands the way friends would. There's a muffin on the table, and Ross breaks off a piece and wants to put it in his mouth.) Joey: (shouting to Ross) JOEY DOESN'T SHARE FOOD! (Ross puts the piece back on the plate) end     
Monica: Amen.
Monica: Uh, good hands. (she holds Chandler hands) Healing hands.
Monica: It says “Do it!”. And behold she did adopt onto them a baby. And it was good.
Monica: Oh, you know, my flock is good, I mean, yeah, my flock pretty much takes care of themselves at this point. Good flock. Flock, flock, flock.
Monica: We don’t?
Monica: Oh my God, this is great! This is so great! (to Chandler, who looks bewildered). Did you hear that?
Monica: (to Erica) Hey, thank you. Thank you so much. (they hugs). You are SO going to Heaven!
Monica: Why not?
Monica: God works in mysterious ways.
Monica: But she liked us.
Monica: Well, if you think about it, I am kind of like a Reverend. I mean, as a chef, I serve God, by feeing the hungry and poor. (looks very convinced about what she just said)
Monica: C'mon Chandler, I think we have been given an opportunity. I mean, the mistake has already been made. They are writing up the paper right now.
Monica: (very emotional) Because... We may not be who she thinks we are but no-one will ever love that baby more than us.
Monica: I mean, who knows how long it's gonna take for someone else to give us a baby? What if, what if no one ever picks us?
Monica: (Almost crying) Please.. please, we are so close.
Chandler: Monica, I want a baby too, but this woman is giving away her child. She deserves to know who it's going to.   Monica: (realizes Chandler is right. She's almost crying) okay, right. (They hug)
Monica: (sniffing) Maybe she will. Uh! Why couldn't I have been a Reverend?
Monica: Technicality!
Monica: (pointing to a picture on the table) I-Is... Is that a picture?
Monica: Look, doctor!
Monica: Yeah, but the important thing to know about us, is how much we would care for this little baby. (holds up the sonogram)
Monica: Well, we... (makes quotation signs in the air) "bore false witness"... See I could be a reverend.
Monica: But we were hoping that since we told you the truth that you still might consider...
Monica: Well, you don't have to decide right now, but if you could just look at our file...
Monica: God bless you Chandler Bing!
Teleplay by: Tracy Reilly    Written by: Andrew Reich &amp; Ted Cohen     Produced by: Robert Carlock &amp; Wendy Knoller   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa [Flashback scene from last week, Monica and Chandler's kitchen,    Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler are there.] Jennifer: Previously on Friends... Chandler: How did the job stuff go? Rachel: He offered me one. Ross: (gasps) You know what? This calls for a bottle of Israels finest. Rachel: The job is in Paris. (we see Ross stare in disbelief)  FADE OUT Rachel: Oh, God! Please, somebody  say something. Ross: So if you take this job you'll be moving to Paris? Chandler: Or facing a bitch of a commute. Rachel: I know, it's huge, and it's scary, and it's... really far, far away    from you guys, but this is such an incredible opportunity for me. And I've already    talked to them about our situation with Emma, and they said they'll do whatever    we need to make us feel comfortable. Ross: Okay. Rachel: I mean, I'll fly back and forth, they'll fly you out...    Anything we want. Chandler: My boss said I might be getting a new lamp in my cubicle. (Monica    looks at him and can't really place what he just said) Ross: All right, we'll work it out. Rachel: Thank you! Thank you! Ross: Yeah, yeah! (they hug) You sure this is what you want? Rachel: I think it is. (Ross looks very sad. Phoebe    and Joey enter.) Phoebe: Ooh, what's going on? Rachel: I got a really incredible job offer. Joey: Hey, great! All right! Phoebe: Good for you! Rachel: It's in Paris. Joey: What? No, no, no! No, no... no... no, no... No, too much is changing,    okay? First, Phoebe getting married (to Phoebe) Congratulations! (pointing to    Monica and Chandler)... and then these two move into a stupid house in the stupid    suburbs... Monica: Hey, this afternoon you said you'd be supportive... Joey: Well, it comes and goes. I wouldn't trust it. Rachel: Look, you guys... this is really, really important to me. And it means    a lot if you could try to get on board. Phoebe: Of course we can. Congratulations. (they hug, but Joey shakes his head.)    Yay! (she gestures Joey to come and join in) Joey... Joey: No, no, no. My hugs are reserved for people STAYING IN AMERICA. Rachel: (walking towards Joey) Joey, it would mean so... Joey: Hey! No! Get your France-going-arms away from me. (He walks out, and    Rachel follows him) Rachel: Joey... Phoebe: You okay with this? Chandler: Well, it makes me feel sad, but... Phoebe: Talking to Ross. Chandler: I see. Ross: Well, Rachel moving to another country? Not being able to see her every    day. How can I be okay with this? Monica: I know, but what are we gonna do? She really needs this job. Ross: Do you think if the Ralph Lauren people offered her her old job back,    she would take it? Monica: How is that gonna happen? Chandler: Is this the best way to use one of your three magic wishes? Ross: I don't know. I could talk to her boss. Yeah! I met him at that Christmas    party. We really hit it off. Monica: You mean the guy who kept calling you Ron? Ross: I didn't say we were brothers.    OPENING CREDITS  [Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe's reading a newspaper. Chandler    and Monica walk in.] Monica: Hey Phoebe. Hey, tell me what you think. All right. The house next    door to the one that we're buying in Westchester? Just went on the market. I wanna    take a look at it, but Chandler doesn't. Chandler: We close escrow tomorrow, so seeing another house can only confuse    us, and we're easily confused. We're not very bright. Monica: But what if it is better than ours? Should we at least look? Chandler: What do you think Pheebs? Phoebe: Well, I think that shirt makes you look like you should work at a Baskin    Robbins... Anyway... Hey, isn't Joey's agent Estelle Leonard? Chandler: Yeah. Phoebe: She died. Chandler: You're kidding! Monica: That's terrible! Phoebe: Yeah, last Saturday. Wow! She was the first black man to fly solo across    the Atlantic. (Chandler and Monica look puzzled) Oh, wait a minute, I read the    wrong one. Chandler: Oh yeah?  Phoebe: Yeah, she was just an agent. Monica: Joey's gonna be *so* upset.  Chandler: I know. *He* always wanted to be the first black man to cross the    Atlantic. Phoebe: Well, we cannot tell Joey about this. He's already flipping out about    everything that's changing. This will push him over the edge. Monica: Seriously, you don't think we should tell him? Phoebe: Well, not for a little while. Let's just give him a few days to get    used to everything else. Monica: What if he reads it in the paper? Chandler: Unless Snoopy says it to Charlie Brown, I think we're okay.  [Scene: Ralph Lauren. Mr Zelner's office. Ross knocks on the    door and enters.] Mr Zelner: May I help you? Ross: Yeah, I'm a friend of Rachel Green's. Uhm, actually we met at the Christmas    party about two years ago. Mr Zelner: Oh right, uhm, Don? Ross: Close. Ron. (shakes hands) Mr Zelner: Uh... What can I do for you? Ross: Uhm, well... I'm here to see if you'll give Rachel her job back. Mr Zelner: Ah, did she ask you to come here and do this? Ross: Oh, no. At first I have to get you to agree. Then we'll    see if she wants to come back. Mr Zelner: Wow, that is tempting.  Ross: Look, she loved her job here. And let's face    it: you're not gonna find anyone who did it as well as she did it. Isn't that    true? Mr Zelner: She is good! Ross: (surprised) Huh, I took a shot there. Mr Zelner: But I'm sorry. There's nothing I can do... Ah,    it's not true, there is... nothing I want to do. Ross: I see... Thanks very much. (he gets up and walks to the door. On his    way out he looks at the photographs Mr Zelner has near his door. He picks one    up.) Is this your son?  Mr Zelner: Yeah, his name is Ross. (Ross looks very surprised) What? Ross: Oh, nothing, it’s just, it’s close to Ron. Does he.. Does    little Ross like dinosaurs by any chance?  Mr Zelner: Yeah, they're all he talks about, why? Ross: How would he like to come with me to the Museum of Natural History after    everyone else has left, just the two of us, and he can touch anything he wants.    (Mr. Zellner looks shocked). I just heard it as you must have heard it and that’s    not good. Let me start again. I’m a paleontologist, you’ll be there    with us and the touching refers only to bones… fossils! Mr Zelner: You can really arrange that? Ross: You let Rachel come back, and it’s done.  Mr Zelner: Well, I guess having Rachel back wouldn’t be the worst thing    in the world. Ross: Yeah! Yes! Thank you! This is great. Thank you so much. And I swear,    your kid is going to have the time of his life. Mr Zelner: That’s great. I worry about little Ross. He’s always    reading, he's collecting rocks and he’s obsessed with dinosaurs. Ross: He’ll be fine.  [Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe’s reading, Joey has just entered    the room] Joey: Hey Phoebe. Phoebe: Hey. Everything ok? Joey: I’m just mad at my agent. Phoebe: Estelle? Why? Joey: There’s a part in a TV movie that I would be perfect for and I    didn’t even be put up for it! She’d better have a good reason. Phoebe: I’m guessing she does.  Joey: Well (taking his cell phone out of a pocket) I’m wanna hear it,    because she keeps doing this. Phoebe: Well, no, no, wait, wait, wait. All right, I gotta go. Just listen. Promise me, that you    will wait a minute before you call her. Joey: Ok. Why? Phoebe: Because a promise between friends means never having to give a reason.    (she leaves) Joey: I love that saying! (Phoebe is outside, taking her cell phone out of her bag and making a call.    Joey is inside, and his mobile phone starts ringing). Joey: Hello? Phoebe (doing Estelle): Joey, it’s Estelle. Joey: I was just gonna call you! That’s weird. Phoebe-Estelle: It’s a little coincidental, but believable.    (Joey nods in agreement). Listen, I’m sure you’re wondering why    I didn’t get you an audition for that TV movie. Joey: Yeah, actually I am! Phoebe-Estelle: I guess I dropped the ball there. Whoopsie!   Joey: That’s it? You know, it seems all you do lately is drop the ball. Phoebe-Estelle: Don’t take that tone with me. Who you    think you are? Alan Lemond, the first black man to fly solo across the Atlantic? Joey: No, no, look. All I’m saying is that you’re my agent, ok?    And you’re not getting me into any auditions and I’m tired of it. Phoebe-Estelle: What are you saying? Joey: I’m saying that… (pause). This isn't  working for me    anymore, ok? Estelle, you’re fired. Goodbye. (he hangs up the phone). Phoebe: Man, tough week for Estelle!   [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel’s there and Ross    enters the room with a stuffed dinosaur] Ross: Hi. Rachel: Hi. Ross: Emma left her stuffed t-rex at my house. You know she can’t sleep    without it. Rachel: Oh, well, she’s asleep now. Stop forcing that thing on her. Ross: Ok. Rachel: Oh, you’re not gonna believe what happened to me today! Ralph    Lauren called, and gave me my job back! Ross: Nooo! Rachel: Yee. I mean, it was so weirdest thing. They fired me and then out    of nowhere they just hire me back! I mean, that place must have been falling    apart without me. Ross: So, you’re not going to Paris. Rachel: No, I’m still going. Ross: Wh… wh…what? Rachel: When the Louis Vuitton people found out that Ralph Lauren wanted me back,    the offered me more money! Isn’t that great? Ross: Yeeeah! (They high-five)    [Scene: house next to the one the Bings are moving into. Chandler    and Monica knock, a lady opens the door.] Monica: Hi. We’re buying the house next door, and we were wondering if we  could just take a look around. Lady: Oh, sure. I’m showing it to someone else right now,    but please, look around. Monica: Thanks. Chandler: It feels like we’re cheating on our house.    And if we’re gonna cheat, shouldn’t it be with like a hot, younger house,    that does stuff that our house won’t do? Monica: Ours is so much better! This living room is smaller, the dining room looks    like a cave! What a hole! Lady: So? What do you think? Monica: Love it! Lady: Well, we already have one offer on it, and I think the lady    upstairs is goning to make another one. Monica: They could be our neighbors, what are they like? Lady: Oh, the woman upstairs is very nice. She and her husband have two kids,    he's on Wall Street and she… Janice: Oh my God! (Chandler and Monica are speechless). Chandler (to Monica): Sure.  [Scene: Joey’s apartment. He’s there and Phoebe comes    in.] Phoebe: Hey Joey, want come with me to… are you ok? Joey: Yeah, I just… I just feel bad about firing Estelle. This is got to be    killing her. Phoebe: No, that wouldn’t kill her. Ordinary embolism might. Joey: I don’t know. She’s got to be taking it hard, I was like    her only client. Except for this guy who eats paper. And I’m guessing    he eats more money than he makes. Look, I know she’s not a great agent, but    she did stick with me for ten years. I’m gonna call her and hire her again. Phoebe: No, no, no! Don't call her! You wait for her to call    you (Joey considers it) Joey: Why? Phoebe: Because patience is the road to understanding (she thinks) which ...    is the key... to a happy heart. Joey: (impressed) You blow me away.  Phoebe: (picking up her bag) All right, so promise you're gonna wait for her    to call you? Joey: I promise. And that means, never having to give a reason. (Phoebe stops    herself from laughing and leaves)   [Scene: The house Monica and Chandler are viewing. Janice comes    down the stairs.] Janice: What a small world! Chandler: And yet I never run into Beyonce! Realtor: You two know each other? Janice: Oh, we go way back. Before Monica made an honest man    out of him, Chandler used to be my little love muffin! (does her irritating    laugh). So? Are you guys thinking of getting this house too? Ooh! Are we gonna    have a bidding war? I'd better warn you, I'm a toughie (playfully punches Chandler,    who tries to get away from her) Chandler: (at Janice's punching) Don't, don't! (looks disgusted) Monica: No, actually, we're buying the house next door. (Janice gasps) Chandler: (To Monica and with bulging eyes) Why!? Monica: (looks confused and scared) I don't know    why. Janice: Ooh, that decides it then. I was on the fence.    But knowing that you two would be our neighbors? Ah! now we have to    get it! (Chandler and Monica are utterly shocked) Ellen, we're going to talk    numbers. (Grabs Ellen by her elbow and pulls her outside)  Chandler: This can not be happening! Monica: Okay, the realtor said another couple made an offer.    Maybe the Janice's won't get it! Maybe the other couple will. Chandler: The only way that that is going to happen, is if the other couple    are the Hitlers. Monica: (Thinks a little more) Okay, Okay, (clapping her hands)    All right. What if we got both houses? Huh? We can turn this house    into a guest house. Chandler: That is a great idea! And by the way, I don't mean to sound distasteful,    but when did you start crapping money!? Monica: Okay, you come up with an idea. Chandler: Alright alright, we still have three hours till escrow closes on    our house. We can still get out. Monica: But we love our house. Chandler: Will we love it so much with her next door? And she's gonna be louder    out here too. Just the crickets and (apes Janice's voice) "Oh My God"!   Monica: Okay, but if we don't get this house, she's stil gonna show up wherever    we go! I mean, at least if she's here, it eliminates the element of suprise.    I mean, never again will you have to hear the three words that make your balls    jump back up inside your body. (She shows this with her index finger, mimicking    it pushing something up) Chandler: (looks afraid, but at the same time, knows she's right) Well, we    have to do something. We can't have her living next door. (Janice's laughs loudly    outside) Oh, that does it too. (Motions with his index finger like Monica did)   [Scene: Mr. Zellner's office. There is a knock on the door.] r Zelner: Who is it? Ross: (enters) It's me. Ron. (Mr. Zellner looks annoyed)    Look, I um, I now Rachel turned you down but I think there is a way you might    be able to get her to come back.  Mr Zelner: This may surprise you, but re-hiring fired employees,    is not my main job. Ross: Just hear me out. How would you feel about offering her a raise? (looks    hopeful) Mr Zelner: (obviously amused) Not good, Ron.  Ross: Perhaps I can persuade you. What if you can give your son this (Takes    a huge egg out of his back) genuine pterodactyl egg (whispers) replica. Mr Zelner: (Takes a long look at the egg while he considers it) Wow, that's    pretty cool (Takes the egg from Ross) Ross: Huh? So? We have a deal? Mr Zelner: Okay, you got it. Ross: Yes! yes!  Mr Zelner: This is gonna make me very popular. Ross: Oh, (grins) Believe me, the ladies, they love it! Mr Zelner: (looks at Ross, for a long moment, confused) I meant with my son. Ross: Good, 'cause the ladies, not so much. (shakes his head, give him a thumbs    up and leaves)   [Scene: Joey's apartment. He walks in reading his mail, and plays    back his messages on the answering machine] Answering machine: Joey, this is Al T. Booker, (Looks annoyed  that he called him) the guy who eats paper. I'm sure you've heard that Estelle  passed away. (Looks shocked) I wanted to let you know there's a memorial for her  at the Westside chapel, tomorrow at ten. Hope you can make it.  Joey: Oh my God. (Still in shock when his mobile rings, he picks it up) Hello? Phoebe: (on the other side of the line, still pretending to be Estelle) Joey,    it's Estelle. (Joey's eyes bulge up, he looks afraid) Joey: Estelle? Phoebe: Yeah, I wanted to call and tell you that there's no hard feelings for    firing me. Joey: (still scared) Ok-ay. I just, I can't believe you're calling me? Phoebe: Well, I didn't think I should just drop by... Joey: No, no, no! (Starts looking around the room, terrified) Don't drop by,    don't drop by! Phoebe: Anyway, you did what you had to do. I'm okay. Joey: Can I ask you something? Uhm, what's it like there? Phoebe: (Looks around) It's alright. Look kiddo, I gotta go. Good luck with    the career. You're gonna be huge. Joey: Thanks for everything Estelle. Bye. (Hangs up and reads the phone display)    "out of area". Boy, I'll say.   [Scene: The house next door to Chandler and Monica's new house.    Chandler is pacing worriedly through the living room when Janice enters.] Janice: Well... I just talked to Sid, we are definitely putting in an offer on  the house... a-a-and I'll bet we get it. Chandler: The Hitlers will be so disappointed. Janice: All right, I got to run. Tell Monica I say goodbye. And... I'll see    you later, neighbor. (Janice laugh) Chandler: Wait! I just want you to know that... I'm so happy you're going to    be here. Janice: Oh, me too... (laughs) Chandler: Because... that way... we can pick up where we left off. Janice: Huh? Chandler: I never stopped loving you. Janice: Oh... my... Chandler: Yeah, yeah, yeah! I want you... I need you... I must have you Janice    Litman Goralnik Neihosenstein. Janice: Chandler, what are you talking about? Chandler: Now that you live next door, we can be together every day. Sid and    Monica never have to know a thing. Janice: I don't know what to say... I mean, you know, obviously we have this...    heat between us. Chandler: (stunned) Obviously. Janice: But I love my husband. And I know you love your wife. Now, I don't    think we should get this house now. Chandler: Don't say that. Don't tangle the dream and take it away. Janice: Chandler, one of us has got to be strong. Chandler: I understand. Janice: Although, maybe just... one last moment of weakness... (she kisses    Chandler flat on the mouth. Chandler squirms. When she's finished, he looks    at her lovingly but uneasily.) Goodbye Chandler Bing. (She leaves) Chandler: (speaking as in pain) They're never coming down now.   [Scene: Ross's apartment. Ross is working on his laptop when    Rachel enters with Emma.] Rachel: Hi! Ross: Hey! Rachel: You are never going to believe what happened to me today. Ross: What? Rachel: Ralph Lauren called again and they offered    me more money. Ross: They did? Rachel: Yeah. It was the weirdest thing. Zelner called me and he said we'll    do everything we can to get you back. And that I should thank some Ron... I    don't even know what department that guy's in. Ross: So, what are you gonna do? Rachel: Well, I took it. Ross: That's great! So you're staying in New York! Both: YAY! WHOO! YAY! Ross: You're excited, right? Rachel: (hesitant) Ye-ah. Yeah! You know, the money's great.    It's certainly the easier choice... Ross: Right! Rachel: Yeah, you know, was I looking forward to going to    Paris? Sure. You know, was I excited about working in the fashion capital    of the world? Ooh, absolutely... Oh...! Yeah, but you know, this is... it's    fine. I'm fine going back to a job where I've pretty much gotten everything out of    that I possibly can... (she sits down, and Ross who is stunned to hear all this    follows her example) Ross: Uhm, I hadn't no you... I had no idea you were so excited about Paris.    Uhm, I mean, you said you were scared. Rachel: Well yeah, but I mean, it was good scared though, you know? Like when    I-moved-to-New-York scared. Or uhm, when I-found-out-I-was-gonna-have-Emma scared...    But this is... fine. This is gonna be good. (they both stare around) Ross: (after a long pause) You should go. Rachel: What? Ross: It's what you want. You should go. Rachel: You really think so? Ross: I really do. Rachel: But I already told Zelner that I would come back... Ross: (picks up a skull of some carnivore from his side table and puts it in    the same bag in which he brought the pterodactyl egg to Zelner) I'm sure he'll    understand. Rachel: All right. ALL RIGHT! I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna go to Paris. Ross: Yeah... Rachel: Yeah! I'm going to Paris. Thank you, Ross! Ross: Yeah, yeah, oh! (They hug) Rachel: Oh! Oh, I'm so happy. Ross: Then I'm happy too. (They're still hugging - fade out) COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene: Estelle's memorial service. Joey is giving a speech.    Next to him is a blown op photograph of Estelle behind her desk and there's    a man standing next to him.] Joey: Thank you all for coming. We're here today to pay respects    to a wonderful agent and a beautiful woman... (Joey looks at the photograph)    ..inside. As Estelle's only two clients we would like to say a few words. (Joey    looks for his notes. The man next to him is chewing something.) Dude, where's    my speech? (the man swallows something and looks at Joey.) That is    entertaining. Al Zebooker everybody. (he applauds and Al shows that there's    nothing left in his mouth.) THE END   
Monica: Hey, this afternoon you said you'd be supportive...
Monica: I know, but what are we gonna do? She really needs this job.
Monica: How is that gonna happen?
Monica: You mean the guy who kept calling you Ron?
Monica: Hey Phoebe. Hey, tell me what you think. All right. The house next    door to the one that we're buying in Westchester? Just went on the market. I wanna    take a look at it, but Chandler doesn't.
Monica: But what if it is better than ours? Should we at least look?
Monica: That's terrible!
Monica: Joey's gonna be *so* upset. 
Monica: Seriously, you don't think we should tell him?
Monica: What if he reads it in the paper?
Monica: Thanks.
Monica: Ours is so much better! This living room is smaller, the dining room looks    like a cave! What a hole!
Monica: Love it!
Monica: They could be our neighbors, what are they like?
Monica: No, actually, we're buying the house next door. (Janice gasps)
Monica: (looks confused and scared) I don't know    why.
Monica: Okay, the realtor said another couple made an offer.    Maybe the Janice's won't get it! Maybe the other couple will.
Monica: (Thinks a little more) Okay, Okay, (clapping her hands)    All right. What if we got both houses? Huh? We can turn this house    into a guest house.
Monica: Okay, you come up with an idea.
Monica: But we love our house.
Monica: Okay, but if we don't get this house, she's stil gonna show up wherever    we go! I mean, at least if she's here, it eliminates the element of suprise.    I mean, never again will you have to hear the three words that make your balls    jump back up inside your body. (She shows this with her index finger, mimicking    it pushing something up)
