Chandler: All right Joey, be nice.  So does he have a hump? A hump and a hairpiece?
Chandler: Sounds like a date to me.
Chandler: Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realize I am totally naked.
Chandler: Then I look down, and I realize there's a phone... there.
Chandler: That's right.
Chandler: All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring. Now I don't know what to do, everybody starts looking at me. 
Chandler: Finally, I figure I'd better answer it, and it turns out it's my mother, which is very-very weird, because- she never calls me!
Chandler: Cookie?
Chandler: Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian... (They all stare at him.) Did I say that out loud?
Chandler: And I just want a million dollars! (He extends his hand hopefully.)
Chandler: (imitating the characters) Tuna or egg salad?  Decide!
Chandler: (re TV) Ooh, she should not be wearing those pants. 
Chandler: Please don't do that again, it's a horrible sound.
Chandler: Ooh, this is a Dear Diary moment.
Chandler: I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name. Paul, was it?
Chandler: (deadpan) Yes, and we're very excited about it. 
Chandler: It's a beautiful thing.
Chandler: I would have to say that is an 'L'-shaped bracket.
Chandler: I have no idea.
Chandler: All finished!
Chandler: Yes, please don't spoil all this fun.
Chandler: Oh, God.
Chandler: Oh my God!
Chandler: You must stop! (Chandler hits what he is working on with a hammer and it collapses.)
Chandler: Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer than a Mento.   You, however have had the love of a woman for four years.   Four years of closeness and sharing at the end of which she ripped your heart out, and that is why we don't do it!  I don't think that was my point!
Chandler: Stay out of my freezer! [Scene: A Restaurant, Monica and Paul are still eating.]
Chandler: Angela's the screamer, Andrea has cats.
Chandler: That is amazing.
Chandler: If can invade Poland, there isn't anything I can't do.
Chandler: Hi, Paul, is it?
Chandler: All right, kids, I gotta get to work. If I don't input those numbers,... it doesn't make much of a difference... 
Chandler: 'Look, Gippetto, I'm a real live boy.'
Chandler: You're right, I'm sorry. (Burst into song and dances out of the door.) "Once I was a wooden boy, a little wooden boy..."
Chandler: And yet you're surprisingly upbeat. 
Chandler: Oh, how well you know me... 
Chandler: (as Rachel is cutting up her cards) Y'know, if you listen closely, you can hear a thousand retailers scream. 
Chandler: Did you make it, or are you just serving it? 
Chandler: Kids, new dream... I'm in Las Vegas. (Rachel sits down to hear Chandler's dream.)
Chandler: Okay, so, I'm in Las Vegas... I'm Liza Minelli- 
Chandler: Yeah, I think for us, kissing is pretty much like an opening act, y'know? I mean it's like the stand-up comedian you have to sit through before Pink Floyd comes out. 
Chandler: The problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again, y'know? I mean, we're in the car, we're fighting traffic... basically just trying to stay awake. 
Chandler: Oh, I think this is the episode of Three's Company where there's some kind of misunderstanding. 
Chandler: Oh, uh, that would be mine. See, I wrote a note to myself, and then I realised I didn't need it, so I balled it up and... (sees that Monica is glaring at him) ...now I wish I was dead. 
Chandler: Yes, and we all know how cruel a parent can be about the flatness of a child's pillow. 
Chandler: (looking out the window) Ew, ew, ew, ew ew ew ew ew! 
Chandler: Ugly Naked Guy got a Thighmaster! 
Chandler: You don't get a lot of 'doy' these days... 
Chandler: ...Dinah? 
Chandler: Now, Monica, you know that's not how you look for an engagement ring in a lasagne... 
Chandler: Boys? We're going in. 
Chandler: Kinda puts that whole pillow thing in perspective, huh, Mon? 
Chandler: I mean presumably, the biggest part of your job is done. 
Chandler: What does she do? 
Chandler: Well, no, although I did have an imaginary friend, who... my parents actually preferred. 
Chandler: I dunno, but.. I think it's about to attack the Enterprise. 
Chandler: Or 'You're such a nice guy' means 'I'm gonna be dating leather-wearing alcoholics and complaining about them to you'. 
Chandler: Yeah, it's like when you're a kid, and your parents put your dog to sleep, and they tell you it went off to live on some farm. 
Chandler: "So how does it feel knowing you're about to die?" 
Chandler: Hey, that was really good! 
Chandler: Okay. "So. Whaddya want from me, Damone, huh?" 
Chandler: "Smoke away." 
Chandler: I think this is probably why Damone smokes in his cell alone. 
Chandler: Relax your hand! 
Chandler: Not so much! 
Chandler: Hey! 
Chandler: Alright, now try taking a puff. 
Chandler: Alright.. okay. No. Give it to me. 
Chandler: It's fine, it's fine. Look, do you wanna get this part, or not? Here. 
Chandler: Don't think of it as a cigarette. Think of it as the thing that's been missing from your hand. When you're holding it, you feel right. You feel complete. 
Chandler: Nah, not so much. Alright, now we smoke. (Takes a puff.) Oh.. my.. God. (He continues to smoke.) 
Chandler: Oh, Satan's minions at work again... 
Chandler: I'm smoking. I'm smoking, I'm smoking. 
Chandler: And this- is my reward! 
Chandler: Okay, so this time I won't quit! 
Chandler: All right! I'm putting it out, I'm putting it out. (He drops it in Phoebe's coffee.) 
Chandler: What are you talking about? We love Schhteve! Schhteve was schhexy!.. Sorry. 
Chandler: Oh, yeah. I'd marry him just for his David Hasselhof impression alone. You know I'm gonna be doing that at parties, right? (Does the impression) 
Chandler: Yep, we sure showed those Hassidic jewellers a thing or two about softball.. 
Chandler: I personally could have a gallon of Alan. 
Chandler: Well, maybe it's a contest, y'know? Like, collect all five? 
Chandler: Hey, this is so unfair! 
Chandler: So I have a flaw! Big deal! Like Joey's constant knuckle-cracking isn't annoying? And Ross, with his over-pronouncing every single word? And Monica, with that snort when she laughs? I mean, what the hell is that thing? ...I accept all those flaws, why can't you accept me for this? 
Chandler: Hey, y'know, I have had it with you guys and your cancer and your emphysema and your heart disease. The bottom line is, smoking is cool, and you know it. 
Chandler: Really? He does? (taking the phone) Hey, buddy, what's up! Oh, she told you about that, huh. Well, yeah, I have one now and then. Well, yeah, now. Well, it's not that big- ..well, that's true,.. Gee, y'know, no-one- no-one's ever put it like that before. Well, okay, thanks! (He hands the phone back and stubs out his cigarette.) 
Chandler: Ooh, Lambchop. How old is that sock? If I had a sock on my hand for thirty years it'd be talking too. 
Chandler: Joey ate my last stick of gum, so I killed him. Do you think that was wrong? 
Chandler: (deadpan) Ooh, I'm alive with pleasure now. 
Chandler: (sarcastic) Oh, she's sorry! I feel better! 
Chandler: ...That's it. I'm getting cigarettes. 
Chandler: (leaving) I don't care, I don't care! Game's over! I'm weak! I've gotta smoke! I've gotta have the smoke! 
Chandler: (returns) Yeah, alright.
Chandler: Uh, if I were omnipotent for a day, I'd.. make myself omnipotent forever. 
Chandler: You got waaaay too much free time. 
Chandler: Happy birthday, pal! 
Chandler: Well, aren't we Mr. "The glass is half empty." 
Chandler: Eleven days before Halloween.. all the good costumes are gone? 
Chandler: (trying to stop Ross leaving) C'mon, Ross! You, me, Joey, ice, guys' night out, c'mon, whaddya say, big guy, (Pretending to punch him in the stomach.) Huh? Huh? Huh? 
Chandler: (stops) I have no idea. 
Chandler: You got it.
Chandler: (looking) Oh, this is not that bad. 
Chandler: ...Poulet passes it up to Leetch! (Passes it to Joey.) 
Chandler: We'll take a brief time out while Messier stops to look at some women's shoes. 
Chandler: Yes, Bunny? 
Chandler: (to Joey) Could've been a peach. 
Chandler: What? There was ice there that night with Carol? Plastic seats? Four thousand angry Pittsburgh fans? 
Chandler: (to Ross) See buddy, that's all you need, a bunch of toothless guys hitting each other with sticks. 
Chandler: He's open! 
Chandler: Hey, look, we're on that TV thing! 
Chandler: (to the receptionist)'Scuse me. 
Chandler: Listen, it's kind of an emergency. Well, I guess you know that, or we'd be in the predicament room. (The receptionist glares at him.) 
Chandler: Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have gone in. I mean, that guy with the toe thing? Who's he sleeping with? (She slides the gladd panel over and Chandler talks through it in a loud voice.) Oh, c'mon Dora, don't be mad... I know we both said some things we didn't mean, but that doesn't mean we still don't love each other. (To the waiting room.) Y'know, I feel like I've lost her.. (She slides the panel back, he turns, and it takes him by surprise.) Ba-! 
Chandler: Yes, the moon, the glow, the magical feeling, you did this part- Could I get some painkillers over here, please? 
Chandler: Well, what? What? What is it? That she left you? That she likes women? That she left you for another woman that likes women? 
Chandler: Then what? 
Chandler: So in your whole life, you've only been with one—(He gets a look too)—oh. 
Chandler: I think it's great. Y'know, it's sweet, it's romantic... 
Chandler: No, you kidding? The guy's a freak.. (Ross enters off camera) 
Chandler: Oh, I thought you were great in Silence of the Lambs. Oh come on, admit it! All things considered, you had fun tonight. 
Chandler: You gotta do it, man. 
Chandler: Thanks. (The guy nods and leaves) 
Chandler: Hello? Oh, uh, Rachel, it's the Visa card people. 
Chandler: Alright. (on phone) Yes, this is Rachel. 
Chandler: To the left, to the left- aww! (They all collapse) 
Chandler: We can? All right, I'm tryin' that.
Chandler: So, Saturday night, the big night, date night, Saturday night, Sat-ur-day night!
Chandler: Not a one.
Chandler: Oh, right, right, shut up.
Chandler: No, I know, but it's just so hard, you know? I mean, you're sitting there with her, she has no idea what's happening, and then you finally get up the courage to do it, and there's the horrible awkward moment when you've handed her the note.
Chandler: Oh, thanks, but I think she'd feel like we're gangin' up on her. 
Chandler: Ooh, I hate when my father calls me that.
Chandler: Oh. Well, hold on camper, are you sure you've thought this thing through?
Chandler: It's just you and Rachel, just the two of you? This is a date. You're going on a date.
Chandler: Yuh-huh.
Chandler: Well, you may wanna rethink the dirty underwear. This is basically the first time she's gonna see your underwear—you want it to be dirty?
Chandler: Oh, and uh, the fabric softener?
Chandler: There you go.
Chandler: Where are they? Where are they?
Chandler: It's great. Maybe tomorrow we can rent a car and run over some puppies.
Chandler: Here we go.
Chandler: Hey, Janice.
Chandler: Hey, that's not good. Can I get an espresso and a latte over here, please?
Chandler: What?
Chandler: (covering) What... did you get me there? 
Chandler: Bullwinkle socks. That's so sweet.
Chandler: That's great. 
Chandler: Well, I'm gonna get another espresso. Can I get you another latte?
Chandler: That's it?
Chandler: Oh, yeah, that hug looked pretty brutal.
Chandler: Janice. Hi, Janice. Ok, here we go. I don't think we should go out anymore. Janice.
Chandler: Here's the thing, Janice. You know, I mean, it's like we're different. I'm like the bing, bing, bing. You're like the boom, boom, (Chandler flails his hand out and hits Janice in the eye)... boom.
Chandler: Oh, my god, I'm so sorry. Are you ok?
Chandler: (to Phoebe) I hit her in the eye! I hit her in the eye! This is the worst break-up in the history of the world. 
Chandler: Oh, I don't know, a million?
Chandler: I'm fine.
Chandler: I'm not fine. Here she comes.
Chandler: How do you do that?
Chandler: We should always always break up together.
Chandler: I'm free! I'm free!
Chandler: You can always spot someone who's never seen one of his plays before. Notice, no fear, no sense of impending doom...
Chandler: (staring at a woman across the room) Ross, ten o'clock.
Chandler: No, ten o'clock.
Chandler: (sighs and gestures to explain) There's a beautiful woman at eight, nine, ten o'clock!
Chandler: She's amazing! She makes the women that I dream about look like short, fat, bald men!
Chandler: Oh yeah, and what would my opening line be? 'Excuse me. Blarrglarrghh.'
Chandler: Oh please, could she be more out of my league? Ross, back me up here.
Chandler: Thank you, buddy.
Chandler: Y'think?
Chandler: Oh God, I can't believe I'm even considering this... I'm very very aware of my tongue...
Chandler: Here goes. (He walks over to her but just stands there.)
Chandler: Hi.... um... okay, next word... would be... Chandler! Chandler is my name, and, uh...(He clears his throat noisily)...hi.
Chandler: Yes, yes I did, but what I didn't say was what I was about to say, what I wanted to say was, uh... would you like to go out with me sometime, thankyou, goodnight. (He walks back to the others but she calls him back.) 
Chandler: (running back) She said yes!! She said yes!! (To Joey) Awful play, man. Whoah. (To All) Her name's Aurora, and she's Italian, and she pronounces my name 'Chand-lrr'. 'Chand-lrr'. I think I like it better that way. (To Joey) Oh, listen, the usher gave me this to give to you. (He fishes a card out of his pocket.)
Chandler: Hey, kids. 
Chandler: Well, I can't believe I've been here almost seven seconds and you haven't asked me how my date went.
Chandler: It was unbelievable. I-I've never met anyone like her. She's had the most amazing life! She was in the Israeli army...
Chandler: Alright. Once I got on the subway, right, and it was at night, and I rode it all the way to Brooklyn... just for the hell of it.
Chandler: We talked 'til like two. It was this perfect evening... more or less.
Chandler: Oh, I'm sorry, so 'we' is?
Chandler: Who's Rick?
Chandler: Oh, so you're divorced?
Chandler: Oh, I'm sorry, then you're widowed?...Hopefully?
Chandler: So tell me, how do- how do you think your husband would feel about you sitting here with me?...Sliding your foot so far up my pant leg you can count the change in my pocket?
Chandler: Ethan? There's, there's an Ethan?
Chandler: So explain something to me here, uh, what kind of a relationship do you imagine us having if you already have a husband and a boyfriend?
Chandler: ...Hm.
Chandler: What 'not work out'? I'm seeing her again on Thursday. Didn't you listen to the story?
Chandler: Well, y'know, I had some trouble with it at first too, but the way I look at it is, I get all the good stuff: all the fun, all the talking, all the sex; and none of the responsibility. I mean, this is every guy's fantasy!
Chandler: Are we greeting each other this way now? 'Cause I like that.
Chandler: Thank God you didn't try to fan out the magazines. I mean, she'll scratch your eyes right out.
Chandler: Someone's left a glass on the coffee table. There's no coaster. It's a cold drink, it's a hot day. Little beads of condensation are inching their way closer and closer to the surface of the wood...
Chandler: Oh no, it's terrific, it's... it's... y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into showbusiness.
Chandler: Where's Joey? His mom's on the phone.
Chandler: C'mon, we're roommates! (He goes into the bathroom, screams, and runs back out.) My eyes!! My eyes!!
Chandler: Oh, that would be Monica. Hey, listen, I wanna borrow a coupla things, Aurora spent the night, I really wanna make her breakfast.
Chandler: Yeah, well, I only have twenty minutes until Ethan, so, y'know.. (He starts to raid the fridge.)
Chandler: No, no resentment, believe me, it's worth it. 'Kay? Y'know in a relationship you have these key moments that you know you'll remember for the rest of your life? Well, every- single- second is like that with Aurora.. and I've just wasted about thirty-five of them talking to you people, so, uh.. Monica, can you help me with the door? (He has armloads of stuff.)
Chandler: God, I love these fingers...
Chandler: No, actually I meant my fingers. Look at 'em, look at how happy they are.
Chandler: Oh no nonononononnononono, don't go.. (He kisses her and pulls her back down.)
Chandler: Don't go.
Chandler: (to himself) Too bad, she's leaving.
Chandler: Well, I thought- I thought you talked to Rick.
Chandler: What, Ethan? He got to spend the whole day with you!
Chandler: I know there'll be many moments in the years to come when I'll regret asking the following question, but- And Andrew is?
Chandler: Oh, so what you're saying is you're not completely fulfilled by Rick, Ethan and myself?
Chandler: Well, y'know, most women would kill for three guys like us.
Chandler: You.
Chandler: Nono, just you.
Chandler: Lose the other guys.
Chandler: C'mon, we're great together, why not?
Chandler: ...Well, y'know, part of me wants that, but it's like I'm two guys, y'know? I mean, one guy's going 'Shut up! This is great!' But there's this other guy. Actually it's the same guy that wells up every time that Grinch's heart grows three sizes and breaks that measuring device... And he's saying, y'know, 'This is too hard! Get out! Get out!'
Chandler: I don't know, I-I have to listen to both of them, they don't exactly let each other finish...
Chandler: ...The second guy.
Chandler: Sorry, the first guy runs the lips.
Chandler: (to Ross) "Big guy?"
Chandler: Something so sweet and...disturbing about that.
Chandler: Oh, great. This is just...
Chandler: Oh my God, it's that Victoria's Secret model. Something... something Goodacre.
Chandler: She's right, it's Jill. Jill Goodacre. Oh my God. I am trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre! (pause) Is it a vestibule? Maybe it's an atrium. Oh, yeah, that is the part to focus on, you idiot!
Chandler: Jill says vestibule... I'm going with vestibule.
Chandler: Oh! Some guy. Some guy. 'Hey Jill, I saw you with some guy last night. Yes, he was some guy. 
Chandler: Alright, alright, alright. It's been fourteen and a half minutes and you still have not said one word. Oh God, do something. Just make contact, smile!
Chandler: There you go!
Chandler: You're definitely scaring here.
Chandler: Yeah, about 300 guys I went to high school with. Yeah, thanks. (takes phone)
Chandler: Hey, it's me.
Chandler: Yeah, I'm fine. (trying to cover up what he is saying) I'm trppd in an ATM vstbl wth Jll Gdcr.
Chandler: I'm trppd... in an ATM vstbl... wth Jll Gdcr!
Chandler: (angry) Put Joey on the phone.
Chandler: I'm trppd... in an ATM vstbl... wth JLL GDCR.
Chandler: Yeah, like that thought never entered my mind.
Chandler: Um, is it sugarless?
Chandler: Oh, then no thanks. What the hell was that? Mental note: If Jill Goodacre offers you gum, you take it. If she offers you mangled animal carcass, you take it.
Chandler: You know, on second thought, gum would be perfection. (Jill gives him a stick of gum, and a strange look) 'Gum would be perfection'? 'Gum would be perfection.' Could have said 'gum would be nice,' or 'I'll have a stick,' but no, no, no, no. For me, gum is perfection. I loathe myself.
Chandler: (chewing gum) Ah, let's see. What next? Blow a bubble. A bubble's good. It's got a... boyish charm, it's impish. Here we go.
Chandler: Nice going, imp. OK, it's OK. All I need to do is reach over and put it in my mouth. (Chandler slyly grabs the gum from the wall and slides it back in his mouth.)
Chandler: Good save! We're back on track, and I'm... (grimacing) ..chewing someone else's gum. This is not my gum. Oh my God! Oh my God! And now you're choking. 
Chandler: (gasping) Yes... thank you. That was... that was....
Chandler: OK.
Chandler: Yes. Yes, thanks for letting me use your phone... and for saving my life.
Chandler: Hi, um, I'm account number 7143457. And, uh, I don't know if you got any of that, but I would really like a copy of the tape.
Chandler: Dehydrated Japanese noodles under fluorescent lights... does it get better than this?
Chandler: Ah, y'see, perfect might be a problem. Had you said 'co-dependent', or 'self-destructive'...
Chandler: Yes please.
Chandler: He's a he?
Chandler: ...Couldn't enjoy a cup of noodles after that. I mean, is that ridiculous? Can you believe she actually thought that?
Chandler: You did?
Chandler: Huh. Did, uh... any of the rest of you guys think that when you first met me?
Chandler: You're kidding! Did you tell her I wasn't?
Chandler: Well, this is fascinating. So, uh, what is it about me?
Chandler: Ross is smart and funny, d'you ever think that about him?
Chandler: WHAT IS IT?!
Chandler: Oh, oh, a quality, good, because I was worried you guys were gonna be vague about this.
Chandler: I just have to know, okay. Is it my hair?
Chandler: Hey, gorgeous.
Chandler: No, nono, don't- don't worry about it. Believe me, apparently other people have made the same mistake.
Chandler: So, uh... what do you think it is about me?
Chandler: ...Quality, right, great.
Chandler: Lowell? Financial Services' Lowell, that's who you saw me with?
Chandler: Well, yeah... 's'no Brian in Payroll.
Chandler: No! Uh, I d'know! The point is, if you were gonna set me up with someone, I'd like to think you'd set me up with someone like him.
Chandler: Excuse me? You don't think I could get a Brian? Because I could get a Brian. Believe you me. ...I'm really not.
Chandler: Well, don't we look nice all dressed up?...It's stuff like that, isn't it?
Chandler: Nothing, just your overcoat sounds remarkably like Brent Mussberger.
Chandler: You're watching a football game at a funeral?
Chandler: You are a frightening, frightening man.
Chandler: Oh, no-
Chandler: Hi, I'm Chandler, and I have no idea who Dorothy is.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Who are those people?
Chandler: Hey, Lowell.
Chandler: So how's it going there in Financial Services?
Chandler: Good, good. Listen, heh, I dunno what Shelley told you about me, but, uh... I'm not.
Chandler: Really.
Chandler: So- you can tell?
Chandler: So you don't think I have a, a quality?
Chandler: He is?
Chandler: Out of my league. I could get a Brian. (Brian enters behind him) If I wanted to get a Brian, I could get a Brian. (Sees him) Hey, Brian.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: And this from the cry-for-help department. Are you wearing makeup?
Chandler: That's so funny, 'cause I was thinking you look more like Joey Tribbiani, man slash woman.
Chandler: Do you know which one you're gonna be?
Chandler: Good luck, man. I hope you get it.
Chandler: Yes, every single one of them.
Chandler: I thought it was $98.50.
Chandler: I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this experiment. In fact, I'd very much like to butter your head.
Chandler: All right, I'm nine years old.
Chandler: We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a mouthful of pumpkin pie, and this is the moment my parents choose to tell me they're getting divorced.
Chandler: Yes. It's very difficult to appreciate a Thanksgiving dinner once you've seen it in reverse.
Chandler: Tonight, on a very special Blossom.
Chandler: Oh, you must stop shooping.
Chandler: No, I prefer to keep a safe distance from all this merriment.
Chandler: Ok, we all laughed when you did it with the stuffing, but that's not funny anymore.
Chandler: The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away.
Chandler: No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he reached Macy's, he broke free and was spotted flying over Washington Square Park. I'm goin' to the roof, who's with me?
Chandler: Come on. An 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city. How often does that happen?
Chandler: Do either of you have the keys?
Chandler: (sarcastic) For an emergency just like this.
Chandler: Ok, Monica, only dogs can hear you now, so, look, the door's open. Here we go.
Chandler: Now this feels like Thanksgiving.
Chandler: Shall I carve?
Chandler: Ok, who wants light cheese, and who wants dark cheese?
Chandler: I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.
Chandler: Here, here!
Chandler: Hey, that monkey's got a Ross on its ass!
Chandler: Might wanna open with the snowman.
Chandler: Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desperate scramble to find anything with lips just so you can have someone to kiss when the ball drops!! Man, I'm talking loud!
Chandler: It's just that I'm sick of being a victim of this Dick Clark holiday. I say this year, no dates, we make a pact. Just the six of us- dinner.
Chandler: Y'know, I was hoping for a little more enthusiasm. 
Chandler: (Quietly, to the others) That guy's going home with a note!
Chandler: Wait a minute, wait a minute, I see where this is going, you're gonna ask him to New Year's, aren't you. You're gonna break the pact. She's gonna break the pact.
Chandler: Yeah, 'cause I already asked Janice.
Chandler: I snapped, okay? I couldn't handle the pressure and I snapped.
Chandler: I'm not saying it was a good idea, I'm saying I snapped!
Chandler: Too many jokes... must mock Joey! 
Chandler: Aah, y'killing me!
Chandler: Y'know, if you're gonna work late, I could look in on him for you.
Chandler: Okay, but if he asks, I'm not going to lie.
Chandler: Fun Bobby? Your ex-boyfriend Fun Bobby?
Chandler: I happen to know a Fun Bob.
Chandler: That's so weird, I had such a blast with him the other night.
Chandler: Yeah, we played, we watched TV.. that juggling thing is amazing.
Chandler: With the balled-up socks? I figured you taught him that.
Chandler: Y'know, it wasn't that big a deal. He just balled up socks... and a melon...
Chandler: You remember Janice.
Chandler: (Imitating) But you found me!
Chandler: Kill me. Kill me now. 
Chandler: Alright, Janice, that's it! Janice... Janice... Hey, Janice, when I invited you to this party I didn't necessarily think that it meant that we-
Chandler: I'm sorry you misunderstood...
Chandler: Oh, will you give me the thing. (Snatches the camera)
Chandler: (To a woman who he has clearly just met) And then the peacock bit me. (Laughs) Please kiss me at midnight. (She leaves)
Chandler: Ooh. Uh, I don't know how to tell you this, but she's in Monica's bedroom, getting it on with Max, that scientist geek. Ooh, look at that, I did know how to tell you.
Chandler: And the moment of joy is upon us.
Chandler: Y'know, I uh.. just thought I'd throw this out here. I'm no math whiz, but I do believe there are three girls and three guys right here. (Makes kiss noise)
Chandler: Alright, somebody kiss me. Somebody kiss me, it's midnight! Somebody kiss me!
Chandler: Are there no conscious men in the city for you two?
Chandler: Y'know, we don't have to watch this. Weekend At Bernie's is on Showtime, HBO, and Cinemax.
Chandler: Exactly. Weekend At Bernie's! Dead guy getting hit in the groin twenty, thirty times! No?
Chandler: Yeah, well, you wouldn't think it was cool if you're eleven years old and all your friends are passing around page 79 of 'Mistress Bitch.'
Chandler: You can say that because she's not your mom.
Chandler: Shhh, busy beaming with pride.
Chandler: Now why would she say that's embarrassing?
Chandler: THAT'S TOO MUCH INFORMATION!!
Chandler: This is the way that I find out. Most moms use the phone.
Chandler: ...And then he burst into flames.
Chandler: Please God don't let it be Kung Pow Chicken.
Chandler: Well, I think you need to come out of your shell just a little.
Chandler: I know I am.
Chandler: Myyy mother, ladies and gentlemen.
Chandler: What are you guys doing out here?
Chandler: Okay, you guys spend waaaay too much time together. (Goes back inside and shuts the door)
Chandler: Oh my God. 
Chandler: I can't believe it. Paolo kissed my mom?
Chandler: What?
Chandler: (To Joey) You knew about this?
Chandler: I spent the entire day with you, why didn't you tell me?!
Chandler: (To Ross) I can't believe this! What the hell were you thinking?
Chandler: Y'know, of all my friends, no-one knows the crap I go through with my mom more than you. 
Chandler: I can't believe you did this. (Walks toward the door)
Chandler: I'm still mad at you for not telling me.
Chandler: You gotta let me slam the door! (Leaves; slams the door)
Chandler: What was that?
Chandler: Yeah, I believe I was talking to Joey, alright there, Mother-Kisser? (Goes to the counter)
Chandler: Yes, well, I expect this from her. Okay? She's always been a Freudian nightmare. 
Chandler: Because it's complicated, it's complex- Hey, you kissed my mom!
Chandler: That's very funny. We done now?
Chandler: That would be no. Look, just because you played tonsil tennis with my mom doesn't mean you know her. Alright? Trust me, you can't talk to her.
Chandler: No, just knowing you're gonna be there is enough.
Chandler: You kissed my best Ross! ...Or something to that effect.
Chandler: Really stupid.
Chandler: Yeah. No. No...
Chandler: Yeah, okay.
Chandler: Nice save.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Yeah, why not. (They shake hands) So I told her.
Chandler: Awful. Awful. Couldn'ta gone worse. 
Chandler: Pretty good! I told her.
Chandler: No-no-no-no, we're done.
Chandler: And, we're done with the yogurt. (Sets yogurt down on table)
Chandler: (to Ross) Ah, it's just a weekend, big deal!
Chandler: Ok, you're going to have to stop that, forever!
Chandler: You think?
Chandler: Ok, so it's just because it was my table, I have to buy a new one?
Chandler: What rule? There's no rule, if anything, you owe me a table!
Chandler: Well, I believe the piece of furniture was fine until your little breakfast adventure with Angela Delvecchio
Chandler: Well, let's just say the impressions you made in the butter left little to the imagination.
Chandler: What do you mean, like, buy it together?
Chandler: You think we're ready for something like that?
Chandler: Well, it's a pretty big commitment, I mean, what if one of us wants to move out?
Chandler: I'm not moving out. 
Chandler: Yeah, yeah, it's just that with my last roommate Kip...
Chandler: It's just that we bought a hibachi together, and then he ran off and got married, and things got pretty ugly.
Chandler: Aw, don't do that
Joey and Chandler: Hey Phoebe!
Chandler: Fine. (Joey and Chandler walk towards the door)
Chandler: More coffee over here, please!
Joey and Chandler:  Ooooohh!
Chandler: So what are you gonna do?
Chandler: Oh, yeah, you have to tell her.
Chandler: That's patio furniture!
Chandler: (gesturing towards another table) What about the birds?
Chandler: You pick one.
Chandler: Oh, so, forget about the birds, but big red insects suggest fine dining!
Chandler: Not like that, I won't! (pauses) Kip would have liked the birds! (Joey turns and gives Chandler a dirty look)
Chandler: So, what do you think?
Chandler: I know!
Chandler: What are you still doing here? She just broke up with the guy, it's time for you to swoop in!
Chandler: My Catholic friend is right. She's distraught. You're there for her. You pick up the pieces, and then you usher in the age of Ross! (Ross and Chandler look off into the distance. Joey, wondering what they are looking at, looks in the same direction)
Chandler: Wha-
Joey and Chandler: What is it?
Chandler: Hey!
Joey and Chandler: We already knew that! (they hug)
Joey and Chandler: Shut-out!! (They both start heading for their rooms.)
Chandler: Yeah, get out!
Chandler: (to Joey) One more game?
Chandler: I'm sorry!
Chandler: Rachel, wait, wait.
Chandler: Can I just say one thing?
Chandler: That's a relatively open weave and I can still see your... nipular areas.
Chandler: Oh, yes, could I have one of those. (Points)
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: No, she's still upset because I saw her boobies.
Chandler: It was an accident. Not like I was across the street with a telescope and a box of donuts.
Chandler: Y'know, I don't know why you're so embarrassed, they were very nice boobies.
Chandler: Okaaay, (Gestures) rock, hard place, me.
Chandler: Whoah whoah, back up there, Sparky. What'd you mean by that?
Chandler: Huh.
Chandler: Uhhuh, how did you know that?
Chandler: (Without looking up) What? (Looks up) What?
Chandler: Y'know, I don't see that happening?
Chandler: Well I'm not showing you my 'tat.'
Chandler: (Sarcastic) Oh, good. Rog is here.
Chandler: Oh, it's nothing, it's a little thing... I hate that guy.
Chandler: Oh look, it's the woman we ordered.
Chandler: Uh, Joey's having an embolism, but I'd go for a Nip, y'know?
Chandler: Joey, if I go first, I wanna be looking for my keys.
Chandler: So, who's up for a big game of Kerplunk?
Chandler: C'mon, I'll show you to my room. ...That sounds so weird when it's not followed by "No thanks, it's late." 
Chandler: Hey, Kicky. What're you doing?
Chandler: Well, you're gonna.
Chandler: Are they end to end, or tall like pancakes?
Chandler: Hey, you're not him. You're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?
Chandler: No. You decided to go into the out-of-work actor business. Now that wasn't easy, but you did it! And I'd like to believe that when the right woman comes along, you will have the courage and the guts to say "No thanks, I'm married."
Chandler: Yeah. I really do.
Chandler: Get off!
Chandler: (Comes out of his room) What? What?
Chandler: Sorry, my my thing was in there with me.
Chandler: Basically we just feel that he's...
Chandler: Things sure have changed here on Waltons mountain.
Chandler: If I turn into my parents, I'll either be an alcoholic blond chasing after twenty-year-old boys, or... I'll end up like my mom.
Chandler: Any contact?
Chandler: Come on, Ross, you gotta get back in the game here, ok? The Rachel thing's not happening, your ex-wife is a lesbian—I don't think we need a third... 
Chandler: I think it's winning.
Chandler: She'll love it. Go with the egg, my friend.
Chandler: No, it's suicide. The man's got an egg.
Chandler: Oh, uh, listen, about tonight...
Chandler: Yes, I know, but her friend sounds like such a...
Chandler: Yes! Way to go, man! (Chandler and Ross hug. Something crunches in Ross' shirt pocket.) Still got the egg, huh?
Chandler: Oh, uh, I... don't... care. (Joey's date shows up) Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.
Chandler: ...And what did you bring?
Chandler: Janice?
Chandler: (angrily) Hey, it's Janice.
Chandler: Ok, I'm makin' a break for it, I'm goin' out the window. 
Chandler: Calm down? Calm down? You set me up with the woman that I've dumped twice in the last five months!
Chandler: I'm sorry, I'm sorry, you're right. (gets up right behind Joey and yells in his ear) Come on, do it, do it, go, come on!!!
Chandler: That's OK.
Chandler: (disgusted) What? What can't you do?
Chandler: Tell me it's "you and me" we.
Chandler: Ok, you can not do this to me.
Chandler: I hope she throws up on you.
Chandler: So...
Chandler: Oh, what a crappy night!
Chandler: Excuse me. (gets up, jumps up and down while he zips his zipper up... other patrons look at him) How ya doin'?
Chandler: Joey's not a friend. He's...a stupid man who left us his credit card. Another drink? Some dessert? A big screen TV?
Chandler: You got it. Good woman! (the waiter turns around, it's a man) Could we get a bottle of your most overpriced champagne?
Chandler: That's right, each. Oh, and a uh Rob Roy. (to Janice) I've always wanted to know...
Chandler: No... no! And yet it did. Good-bye, Janice.
Chandler: Ok, well, this was very special.
Chandler: Janice is gonna go away now.
Chandler: Oh, good, Joey's home now.
Chandler: How can I dump this woman on Valentine's day?
Chandler: Oh, man. In my next life, I'm coming back as a toilet brush.
Chandler: Hi, Just Janice.
Chandler: Is it loaded? Oh, little candy hearts. (reading the candy) Chan and Jan Forever.
Chandler: Ok, Janice. Janice. Hey, Janice. Look, there's no way for me to tell you this. At least there's no new way for me to tell you this. I just don't things are gonna work out.
Chandler: (surprised) It is?
Chandler: Oh no, you see, actually it is.
Chandler: Oh, no I don't.
Chandler: I did, but...
Chandler: Call me!
Chandler: Mrs. Tedlock. You're looking lovely today. And may I say, that is a very flattering sleeve length on you.
Chandler: Oh, listen. If this is about those prank memos, I had nothing to do with them. Really. Nothing at all. Really. (Chandler tries to hide a rubber chicken from the woman.) Nothing.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: So, it's a typical day at work. I'm inputting my numbers, and big Al calls me into his office and tells me he wants to make me processing supervisor.
Chandler: So.... I quit.
Chandler: Why? This was supposed to be a temp job!
Chandler: If I took this promotion, it'd be like admitting that this is what I actually do.
Chandler: It doesn't matter. I just don't want to be one of those guys that's in his office until twelve o'clock at night worrying about the WENUS.
Chandler: Weekly Estimated Net Usage Systems. A processing term.
Chandler: I don't know. That's the thing. I don't know what I want to do. I just know I'm not going to figure it out working there.
Chandler: Yeah... I just don't have that much cheffing experience. Unless it's an all-toast restaurant.
Chandler: Thanks, Phoebe. But I just don't really see myself in a big white hat.
Chandler: Can you see my nipples through this shirt?
Chandler: Well, I have an appointment to see Dr. Robert Pillman, career counselor a-gogo. (pause) I added the "a-gogo."
Chandler: Hey, you guys all know what you want to do.
Chandler: Hey, you guys in the living room all know what you want to do. You know, you have goals. You have dreams. I don't have a dream.
Chandler: Was it formerly owned by a blonde woman and some bears?
Chandler: Who are you going out with?
Chandler: And he's not speaking metaphorically.
Chandler: Eight and a half hours of aptitude tests, intelligence tests, personality tests... and what do I learn? (he taps the results and reads them) "You are ideally suited for a career in data processing for a large multinational corporation."
Chandler: Can you believe it? I mean, don't I seem like somebody who should be doing something really cool? You know, I just always pictured myself doing something...something.
Chandler: Ooh, you know, I had a grape about five hours ago, so I'd better split this with you.
Chandler: (tastes it) Well.... it is amouz-ing...
Chandler: You know, I don't mean to brag, but I waited tables at Innsbruck in '76. (dead silence) Amouz-bouche? (holds out tray)
Chandler: (smiling)....with??
Chandler: It's OK. It's OK. I was always rooting for you two kids to get together.
Chandler: Again?
Chandler: (on phone) Hey Mr. Kostelic! How's life on the fifteenth floor? (Listens) Yeah, I miss you too. (Listens) Yeah, it's a lot less satisfying to steal pens from your own home, you know? (Listens) Well, that's very generous (Listens) er, but look, this isn't about the money. I need something that's more than a job. I need something I can really care about.... (Listens) And that's on top of the yearly bonus structure you mentioned earlier? (Listens) Look, Al, Al... I'm not playing hardball here, OK? This is not a negotiation, this is a rejection! (Listens) No! No! No, stop saying numbers! I'm telling you, you've got the wrong guy! You've got the wrong guy! (Listens) I'll see you on Monday! (slams the phone down)
Chandler: Well?
Chandler: Look at this! (he opens the curtain to a view of New York City)
Chandler: Yes indeedy! (they look outside) With a beautiful view of...
Chandler: (walks away from window) OK, that's enough of the view. Check this out, look at this. Sit down, sit down.
Chandler: This is great! (he presses a button on his intercom) Helen, could you come in here for a moment? 
Chandler: Thank you Helen, that'll be all.
Chandler: Last time I do that, I promise.
Chandler: (on phone) Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!... (Listens) Oh, really, really, really? Well, let me tell you something... you will care about it, because I care about it! You got it? Good! (slams phone down, then leans back and realizes what just happened) Whooooaaaa....
Chandler: Well, if you're gonna work for mechanics, those are the ones to work for.
Chandler: You know, I can't believe you. Linda is so great! Why won't you go out with her again?
Chandler: Is this still about her whole 'The Flintstones could've really happened' thing?
Chandler: ...little playthings with yarn?
Chandler: Could you want her more?
Chandler: (sarcastically) Dee, the sarcastic sister from Whats Happening.
Chandler: We're not—we're not saying anything.
Chandler: (to the girls) We were playing poker, alright...
Chandler: And then he did.
Chandler: There just don't happen to be any women in our games.
Chandler: (teaching) OK, so now we draw cards.
Chandler: OK Phoebs, how many do you want?
Chandler: (changing subject) OK, so at this point, the dealer...
Chandler: OK, alright, last minute lesson, last minute lesson. (holds up two cards) Joey... three... eight. Eight... three. (Joey is unamused) Alright babe, deal the cards.
Chandler: Rach, Rach, we gotta settle.
Chandler: The... Jamestown colony of Virginia. You see, King George is giving us the land, so...
Chandler: Yes, and I get my ya-yas from Ikea. You have to put them together yourself, but they cost a little less.
Chandler: Oh, did you get that from the 'I Love Rachel' pizzeria?
Chandler: Oh, come on. What was with that whole Black Bart speech? (mimicking): "When I play poker, I'm not a nice guy!"
Chandler: Um, ok... the... the fifth dentist caved and now they're all recommending Trident?
Chandler: Oh yes, yes, we could play some other game... like, uh, I don't know... Pictionary?
Chandler: That's alright, I'll take it. Bad things happen to me anyway. This way I can break 'em up with a movie.
Chandler: Hey, that's... that's 'joincidence' with a 'C'!
Chandler: Couldn't be more out. (throws in cards)
Chandler: Y'know, I've had dates like this.
Chandler: Call.
Chandler: (to Ross): What do you need, what do you need?
Chandler: Alright, here's ten. (gives it to him)
Chandler: Good luck.
Chandler: (to Ross): I thought we had them!
Chandler: Airplane! Airport! Airport '75! Airport '77! Airport '79!
Chandler: Go.
Chandler: Toootal chick-flick.
Chandler: They're still just friends, right?
Chandler: I can't believe we are even having this discussion.
Chandler: I mean, don't you think if things were gonna happen with Rachel, they would've happened already?
Chandler: I can't remember the last time I got a girl to take care of my monkey.
Chandler: Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last used.
Chandler: Rachel lost Marcel.
Chandler: Okay, it's his first time out, so he's probably gonna wanna do some of the touristy things. I'll go to Cats, you go to the Russian Tea Room.
Chandler: Marcel?
Chandler: Marcel?
Chandler: Um, we're kind of having an emergency and we-we were looking for something...
Chandler: Yes have you seen any?
Chandler: Oh, nononowaitwaitwaitnono! Uh... we may not know anything about radiators per se, but we do have a certain amount of expertise in the heating and cooling... mileu.
Chandler: Yes, but these women are very hot, and they need our help! And they're very hot.
Chandler: Okay, from now on, you don't get to talk to other people.
Chandler: Marcel?!
Chandler: Eh. I thought that was an alp.
Chandler: Yeah, well I went to boarding school with four hundred boys. Any sex I had would've involved a major lifestyle choice.
Chandler: I can't believe you would actually say that. I would much rather be Mr.Peanut than Mr.Salty.
Chandler: I feel violated. And not in a good way.
Chandler: I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of all time. It was unbelievable! We could totally be ourselves, we didn't have to play any games...
Chandler: Let her know I like her? What are you, insane? (The girls make disgusted noises.) It's the next day! How needy do I want to seem? (To the guys) I'm right, right?
Chandler: Which, by the way, is the real San Francisco treat. (Calls her, then hurriedly hangs up.) I got her machine.
Chandler: No, interestingly enough her leaf blower picked up.
Chandler: Oh, no-no-no-no. Last time I left a spontaneous message I ended up using the phrase "Yes indeedy-o."
Chandler: (bluffing) And basically, that's how a bill becomes a law.
Chandler: Hey Rach!
Chandler: Yes!
Chandler: I have my reasons.
Chandler: (on phone, reading from a script) Oh, Danielle! I wasn't expecting the machine... Give me a call when you get a chance. (Rattles some dishes) Bye-bye. (Hangs up.) Oh God!
Chandler: Hey, I've been honing!
Chandler: Oh, uh.. I want her to think I might be in a restaurant.. y'know? I might have some kind of life, like I haven't been sitting around here honing for the past few hours.
Chandler: What are you looking at me for? I didn't know that.
Chandler: Can I use your phone?
Chandler: Yes, it's working! Why isn't she calling me back?
Chandler: Y'don't think that makes me seem a little...
Chandler: Ah, you obviously saw my personal ad.
Chandler: She answered.
Chandler: I'm not gonna talk to her, she obviously got my message and is choosing not to call me. Now I'm needy and snubbed. God, I miss just being needy.
Chandler: If it helps, I could slide over.
Chandler: Hello? Hello?
Chandler: So how's Mindy?
Chandler: Hell is filled with people like you.
Chandler: ...And boogie!
Chandler: Okay, I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Will you watch my phone?
Chandler: Hey, we haven't been on a second date, she needs to hear me pee?
Chandler: I can't call her, I left a message! I have some pride.
Chandler: No! (Calls) Danielle, hi! It's, uh, it's Chandler! (Listens) I'm fine. Uh, listen, I don't know if you tried to call me, because, uh, idiot that I am, I accidentally shut off my phone. (Listens) Oh, uh, okay, that's fine, that's great. (Listens) Okay. (Puts down the phone.) (to Monica) She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back. (He starts doing a little jig.) She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back, she's on the other line, gonna call me back...
Chandler: 'S'why I'm dancing...
Chandler: Ring dammit, ring!
Chandler: What?!
Chandler: (investigating) I turned it off. Mother of God, I turned it off!
Chandler: Nngghhh!!!!!!!
Chandler: Danielle! Hi! Uh- everybody, this is Danielle, Danielle, everybody.
Chandler: What are you doing here?
Chandler: ...I'm, I'm okay.
Chandler: That sounds good. I'll call you- or you call me, whatever...
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: ...I dunno.
Chandler: Well, she seems very nice and everything, but that whole thing about her coming all the way down here, just to see if I was okay? I mean,... how needy is that?
Chandler: Wow, what a geek. They spent $69.95 on a Wonder Mop.
Chandler: Well, that's what we said about Joey...
Chandler: How about Joey... Pepponi?
Chandler: Joey... Switzerland?
Chandler: Joe...Joe...Joe...Stalin?
Chandler: Well, it does not ring a bell with me...
Chandler: Might wanna try Joseph.
Chandler: Oh yes! Bye Bye Birdie, starring Joseph Stalin. Joseph Stalin is the Fiddler on the Roof.
Chandler: She's not gonna make you wear one of those big plastic cones, is she?
Chandler: So what does this mean?
Chandler: I don't get it, I mean, you just got him. How can he be an adult already?
Chandler: I know that one! ...No, that's Popes into a Volkswagen.
Chandler: Yeah, but that's like two blocks away from the beach. I mean, it's a total party zoo.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Ah. Your own brand of vigilante justice.
Chandler: ...Take off their hats!
Chandler: You're kidding.
Chandler: Y'know, you'd think I would've.
Chandler: ...He's in.
Chandler: Okay, bye, champ. Now, I know there's gonna be a lot of babes in San Diego, but remember, there's also a lot to learn.
Chandler: Tell me what?
Chandler: (sarcastically) Oh, come on tell me. I could use another reason why women won't look at me.
Chandler: Wow!
Chandler: More importantly, was I any good?
Chandler: Interesting, cause in my dreams, I'm allways surprisingly inadequate. (Monica pats him on his lap)
Chandler: You're okay there?
Chandler: I'm sorry, it was a one-time-thing. I was very drunk and i was somebody else's subconscious.
Chandler: Hello Rachel.
Chandler: Pirates again?
Chandler: (sarcasticly) Thanks Joey, that's a good idea.
Chandler: Well, my secretary is gonna be out for a couple of weeks. She is having one of her boobs redused. (Ross looks at her.) It's a whole big boob story.
Chandler: Well, you know Phoebs. I don't know if it's your kinda thing, because it involves a lot of being normal. For a large portion of the day.
Chandler: A cool phone number, and a possible name for the kid.
Chandler: When we were?
Chandler: Whoa! And this manchild has no problem with how old you are?
Chandler: Can you hear that?
Chandler: See that'll stop when you pick up the phone.
Chandler: I'm not in a meeting. I'm right... Whoops.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Ah!
Chandler: Well, now, I actually have to get to work.
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Bye bye.
Chandler: (answering it) Yes?
Chandler: Ooh. (leans against the desk)
Chandler: See, it pays to know the man who wears my shoes. (Joey and Ross wonder what he means) Me.
Chandler: Why not?
Chandler: What?!
Chandler: Noho. Who doesn't they like me?
Chandler: What are you talking about?
Chandler: I can't belive it.
Chandler: They do me?
Chandler: I don't sound like that.
Chandler: Okay, I don't sound like that. That is so not true.
Chandler: That is so not... That is so not... That... Oh, shut up!
Chandler: Oh, come on. You told me about the last dream.
Chandler: Oh, why not. Was I doing anything particularly... saucy?
Chandler: And this has nothing to do with the fact that he needs a note to get out of gym.
Chandler: Tyrannosaurus!
Chandler: Work people? Nobody told me.
Chandler: You know, I don't get this. A month ago, these people were my friends. You know, just because I'm in charge doesn't mean I'm a different person.
Chandler: You think I should?
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: I Think last night was great. You know, the Karaoke thing. Tracy and I doing Ebony and Ivory.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Then, I don't get it.
Chandler: They do?
Chandler: I just wan't to...
Chandler: But I just wa...
Chandler: Thanks. Listen, about the weekly numbers, I'm gonna need them on my desk by nine o'clock.
Chandler: You have to give 'em something, you know. Okay, now that was Gerston, Santos, and who's the guy with the moustache?
Chandler: Petrie, right, right. Okay, some people gonna be working this weekend.
Chandler: (doing a little dance) Hey Ross, look what I've got going here. 
Chandler: Yeah, like in a cab...
Chandler: Okay, hating this.
Chandler: Here we go, here we go.
Chandler: Yes, Joey's made arrangements to have his baby in a movie from the 50's.
Chandler: You have to pick your moments.
Chandler: I used to have that bumper sticker.
Chandler: (to Rachel) You see what I mean.
Chandler: Mmmm. Not tonight, honey. I got an early day tomorrow.
Chandler: Oh, ok, 'cause we never do that.
Chandler: You'll get one.
Chandler: All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?
Chandler: Oh, no, no. I just meant hypothetically.
Chandler: No, no, no.
Chandler: (trapped) Uh, uh.
Chandler: Dear God! This parachute is a knapsack! (throws himself over the back of the chair he was sitting in)
Chandler: Rachel, what is the deal with you and doctors, anyway? Was, like, your father a doctor? 
Chandler: No reason. (turns around, makes an 'Oh my God' gesture with his eyes)
Chandler: Where have you been?
Chandler: Mazel tov!
Chandler: (to Joey) You are really frightening me.
Chandler: Somebody wanna help me, tryin' to rip out my heart. (they pull her hand off of him) Uh, that's great. (looking around) Anybody seen a nipple?
Chandler: (to nurse) Let me ask you, do you have to be Carol's lesbian life partner?
Chandler: I know, I still am one of these.
Chandler: And sometimes, I'll want you to steal third, and I'll go like this. (Does a baseball sign.)
Chandler: Nothing, just a little extra air in my mouth. Pffft. Pffffffft. (walks over to where Joey is seated)
Chandler: Oh, yeah, right, OK... inlcuding the waffles last week, you now owe me... 17 jillion dollars.
Chandler: (sigh)... And where's this money coming from? (gives money to Joey)
Chandler: (in a deep voice) Men are here.
Chandler: Then put out fire by peeing, no get invited back.
Chandler: Crazy bitch.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Uh, let's see... Alvin... Simon... Theodore.... no.
Chandler: Forget about her.
Chandler: Course there, they just call it food.
Chandler: I'm still on my first. I just think you're nice.
Chandler: (sarcastic) Ooooh. (looks dumbfounded at Joey's stupidity)
Chandler: (pointing out a gift) OK, this one right here is from me.
Chandler: Yes, the doctors say if they remove it, he'll die.
Chandler: Oh, that's Ross's. 
Chandler: Well, sure, but can you play it on a plane? (pats his Travel Scrabble game)
Chandler: Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck?
Chandler: (panicked) ahem... um... Crystal duck.
Chandler: (stuttering incoherently) F-hah.... flennin....
Chandler: (rubbing his temples) Oh, no-no-no-no-no....
Chandler: No it's not. It's small. It's tiny. It's petite. It's wee.
Chandler: OK, is there a mute button on this woman?
Chandler: (quickly) H-He's in China!
Chandler: What about the time difference?
Chandler: Yes! (Rachel walks towards door) You're never gonna make it!
Chandler: Well then maybe you shouldn't go. 
Chandler: Rachel, I love you! Deal with me first! (she leaves)
Chandler: Hey, big...
Chandler: (quietly) ...spender.
Chandler: So how'd it go?
Chandler: The fact that you'd even ask that question shows how little you know me.
Chandler: Yes, I know, as it happens my room is very very close to the parade route.
Chandler: I didn't know you had another level.
Chandler: Alright, you did it! Do we have any fruit?
Chandler: Really? So, you're gonna stick with this 'it's all for her' thing?
Chandler:  No way!
Chandler: Yes, yes, we did, thanks to Vidal Buffay.
Chandler: Ok, I think she's trying to tell us something. Quick, get the verbs.
Chandler: Well, listen, don't tell us what's gonna happen though, 'cause I like to be surprised.
Chandler: Hey, Rach, can I get...
Chandler: Not yet.
Chandler: So what the hell happened to you in China? I mean, when last we left you, you were totally in love with, you know.
Chandler: God?
Chandler: Well, maybe it was God, doing me.
Chandler: Well, you owe me one, big guy.
Chandler: He said...he said, he said that they're having a great time. I'm sorry. But, the silver lining, if you wanna see it, is that he made the decision all by himself!  Without any outside help whatsoever.
Chandler: You have to really wanna see it.
Chandler: (entering) Hi. Anybody know a good tailor?
Chandler: No, no, I'm just looking for a man to draw on me with chalk.
Chandler: Okay.  You have to stop the Q-tip when there's resistance!
Chandler: Ok, I don't care what you guys say, something's bothering her.
Chandler: What stupid thing did you do?
Chandler: People do stupid things when they're upset.
Chandler: Well, in spite of the yummy bagels and palpable tension, I've got pants that need to be altered.
Chandler: Are you sure he's gonna be able to crack that code?
Chandler: At least as long as I have the pants.
Chandler: (entering, angry) Yo, paisan! Can I talk to you for a sec? (Pause) Your tailor is a very bad man!
Chandler: Joey's tailor...took advantage of me.
Chandler: Oh come on! He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite...
Chandler: Cupping.
Chandler: Come on, Monica, things could be worse. You could get caught between the moon and New York City. I know it's crazy, but it's true.
Chandler: That's ok.
Chandler: You know, it's... (sees the feeding taking place next to him) something funny about sneakers. I'll be right back. (Goes into the kitchen)
Chandler: We're just hanging out by the spoons. Ladle?
Chandler: Carol? I was just wondering if Joey could ask you a question about breast-feeding?
Chandler: So, uh, how often can you do it?
Chandler: Hey, sweetums.
Chandler: Come on, you're going to Bloomingdale's with Julie? That's like cheating on Rachel in her house of worship.
Chandler: What did you just do?
Chandler: What did you just do?
Chandler: Of course the packaging does appeal to grown-ups and kids alike.
Chandler: Howdy.
Chandler: Well, maybe it's because of the way you're dressed.
Chandler: (slides the juice across the counter which Joey catches) What do you care? You're an actor. This is your day job. This isn't supposed to mean anything to you.
Chandler: (pours more and slides the refill to Joey) All right, say you do that. You know sooner or later somebody's gonna come along that slices a better cheddar. And then where're you gonna run?
Chandler: You're damn right I'm right. I say you show this guy what you're made of. I say you stand your ground. I say you show him that you are the baddest hombre west of the lingerie.
Chandler: All right. Now go see Miss Kitty and she'll fix you up with a nice hooker.
[Scene: Chandler is standing on a street corner waiting for Phoebe in the cab. Joey walks up.]  JOEY: Phoebe here with the cab yet?  CHANDLER: Yeah, she, she brought the invisible cab. . . hop in.  JOEY: Well she better get here soon, the outlet stores close at 7.  CHANDLER: Hey, don't worry. I figure it'll be 2 hours to Phoebe's dad's house, they'll meet, they'll chat, they'll swap life stories, we'll still have plenty of time.  [Phoebe drives up in the cab]  JOEY: Hey, here she comes.  Chandler: Hey.  JOEY: Hey.  [Phoebe runs over the curb. Joey gets in the back seat, Chandler in the front]  PHOEBE: Hey.  JOEY: Hey.  PHOEBE: Can you believe this. In, like, two hours I'm gonna have a dad. Eeeshk.  CHANDLER: Eeeshk.  JOEY: Yeah, big stuff.  PHOEBE: OK, let's go.  CHANDLER: OK.  PHOEBE: Alright, here, you have to hold this. [hands Chandler a piece of paper]  CHANDLER: OK. [reads paper] Brake left, gas right?  PHOEBE: Uh-huh, yeah, that's my cheat sheet.  CHANDLER: [grabs for seat belt] Where's my seat belt?  PHOEBE: Oh, no no, that side doesn't have one, the paramedics had to cut through it. [Chandler jumps out of the car]  CHANDLER: [Chandler gets in the back seat] Hey!  JOEY: Hey. [Phoebe takes off, Joey and Chandler are thrown back in the seat]  [Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica is preparing for the party with Ross questioning her.]  ROSS: C'mon, just tell me, please, please.  MONICA: For the sixteenth time, no... I do not think you're obsessive.  [Rachel enters from her room]  RACHEL: Oh, gosh, it's hot in here.  MONICA: Rach, get the heat. [Rachel holds up her hand with wet fingernail polish] Ross, could you turn the heat down please?  ROSS: Sure. By the way, there's a difference between being obsessive and. . .  MONICA: Ross, the heat!  ROSS: Fine, OK! Heat, heat, heat, and I'm the obsessive one. [goes to the radiator and starts turning the knob] OK, this way is on, so this is. . . [breaks off the knob] off.  RACHEL: Did you just break the radiator?  ROSS: No, no, I was turnin' the knob and, and. . . here it is.  MONICA: Well put it back.  ROSS: It uhh, it won't go back.  RACHEL: I'll call the super.  MONICA: Here, let me try.  ROSS: Oh, oh that's right, I forgot about your ability to fuse metal.  MONICA: Hey, it's Funny's cousin, Not Funny.  RACHEL: [on phone] Hi, Mr. Treeger. Hi, it's Rachel Green from upstairs. Yes, somebody, uh, broke our knob on the radiator and it's really hot in here. Yes, it's, it's hot enough to bake cookies. Well, do you think we could have a new one by 6? Wha t, no, no, Tuesday, we can't wait until Tuesday, we're having a party tonight.  ROSS: OK, tip the man.  MONICA: No, if he doesn't like our cookies, too bad, I am not gonna be blackmailed. Look if worse comes to worse, it gets a little warm, we'll call it a theme party.  ROSS: Hey, here's a theme: Come on in, live like bacon.  [Scene: Outside Phoebe's dad's house. The cab pulls up.]  PHOEBE: Ooh, this is it, 74. [screeches to a halt, Joey and Chandler are thrown into the plexiglass wall in the cab]  CHANDLER: Oh, so that's what this is for.  PHOEBE: Wow, this is it, I'm gonna meet my dad. This is like the biggest thing ever, huh.  CHANDLER: Yeah.  JOEY: Sure is.  PHOEBE: OK, here I go. I'm goin' in.  CHANDLER: Alright.  JOEY: Good luck Phoebs.  PHOEBE: OK, here I go. . . here I go. . . I'm goin'. [she just sits in the cab]  [Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. They are having their party. All the guests are stripped down because of the heat.]  RACHEL: [answers door] Hi, welcome to our tropical Christmas party. You can put your coats and sweaters and pants and shirts in the bedroom.  ROSS: [sitting at table talking to a girl] It's hard to tell because I'm sweating, but I use exactly what the gel bottle says, an amount about the size of a pea. How, how can that be too much?  MONICA: [carrying an ice cube tray] Ice, ice, ice squares anyone? Take a napkin. Alright.  ROSS: Monica, Monica, your guest are turning into jerky, OK.  MONICA: Really? I'm perfectly comfortable. [one of the guest opens the refrigerator] Hey, hey, hey, get in line buddy, I was next. [she opens the refrigerator and leans into it]  RACHEL: [answering the door] Mr. Treeger.  MR. TREEGER: Uhh, you said there was a party.  RACHEL: Oh, yeah, well hey, welcome to our sauna.  MR. TREEGER: Ahh, is it hot? My body always stays cool, probably 'cause I have so much skin. Hey, cheese!  [Ross is speaking to Monica and Rachel about tipping the super.]
Chandler: Huh. (They all leave, dejected)
Chandler: Morning.
Chandler: Yeah, like there's any way I could ever do that.
Chandler: Hey, you know what, here's a thought. Why don't you stay home from work today and just hang out with me.
Chandler: I can not believe that I am going out with someone that is getting divorced. I'm such a grown up.
Chandler: Well, maybe I won't kiss you, and then you'll have to stay.
Chandler: Nope, not this time.
Chandler: I'm not yanking you.
Chandler: Yeah, I know. She makes me happy.
Chandler: (looks him in the eye) I'm not breaking up with her! (they stare at each other for a while, then Joey blows in his face)
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Of!
Chandler: You know, you should really go on this show. All right, listen, I got three tickets to the Rangers tonight. What'd ya' say?
Chandler: No, Janice.
Chandler: You know, I may be way out on a limb here, but do you, do you, have a problem with Janice?
Chandler: Ooh, that girl that I hate, eww, drives me crazy, eww, eww, oh!
Chandler: Well, there you go.
Chandler: Well, I'm crazy about her now. I think this could be the real thing. Capital 'R'! Capital 'T'! (Joey stares at him) Don't worry, those are the right letters.
Chandler: I want you to say that you like her!
Chandler: Thanks for trying. (grabs the ticket and starts to leave) Oh, and by the way there is no Count Rushmore!
Chandler: Umm, yeah.
Chandler: Girth? Why, why, why, wh-why, why, why, why would they do this? 
Chandler: We're not gonna talk about girth are we?
Chandler: Yeah, okay.
Chandler: Yeah! All right! You go first.
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Princess Leia in the gold bikini.
Chandler: I know!
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Okay, you know, you know when your in bed, with a woman.
Chandler: And, ah, you know, your fooling around with her. And you get all these like, mental images in your brain, you know, like Elle MacPherson, or that girl at the Xerox place....
Chandler: I know, And then all of the sudden your Mom pops into your head. And your like 'Mom, get outta here!' You know, but of course, like, after that you can't possibly think of anything else, and you can't, you know, stop what your doing. So it's kinda like, you're, you know. You know...(Ross just stares at him). You don't know!
Chandler: You said...
Chandler: What are you guys doing together?
Chandler: Really.
Chandler: You still can't stand her can you?
Chandler: Well, you know, I appreciate you giving it a shot.
Chandler: Well, I guess that's something.
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Oh God!
Chandler: Really?
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler: (going to the bedroom) See Joe, that's why your parents told you not to jump on the bed.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Well, I'm sorry Joe. I didn't think the doctor was gonna buy that it just *fell* out of the socket.
Chandler: Because the kids need new shoes.
Chandler: Do I look fat?
Chandler: Okay, I accept that. When Janice asked me and I said no, she took that to mean that I was calling her a cow. 
Chandler: Okay, well. Janice said 'Hi, do I look fat today?' And I, I looked at her....
Chandler: Okay, so you both just know this stuff?
Chandler: That's easy, baggage claim.
Chandler: Okay, this is good, this is good. All right listen, I have one. Janice likes to cuddle, at night, which, you know I'm all for. But, uh, you know when you want to go to sleep, you want some space. So, uh, how do I tell her that without, you know, accidentally calling her fat or something.
Chandler: Thank you Rachel.
Chandler: Well, I thought you guys were cuddlily sleepers.
Chandler: Yeah. (they both notice where his hands are)
Chandler: Yeah.
Chandler: Okay, the old hug and roll.
Chandler: Okay, one question.
Chandler: You're pretending the pillow's a girl right?
Chandler: Umm, not feeling better 'bout Malcom.
Chandler: Hey, Joe, I gotta ask. The girl from the Xerox place buck naked (holds up one hand), or, or a big tub of jam. (holds up the other hand)
Chandler: Well, your gonna need much bigger jars.
Chandler: That, that's what's stupid.
Chandler: Night-night.....Janice. (he starts thinking to him self) 'Look at all that room on her side, you good fit a giant penguin over there. That would be weird though. Okay, hug and roll time. I'm huggin', I'm huggin', your rollin', and....yes! Freedom! (his one arm is still under her) Except for this arm! I'm stuck. Stuck arm! Okay, time for the old table cloth trick, one fluid motion. Quick like a cat, quick like a cat! And 1...2...3!' (Pulls his arm out from under her and she is spun off of the bed.)
Chandler: No, that's all right. I just had a jar of mustard.
Chandler: You mean there's more than one of us.
Chandler: And that's how you bought it?
Chandler: Pheebs, wake up and smell the restraining order.
Chandler: Sure. What's up?
Chandler: You're flingin'-flangin' right I am!
Chandler: Well, it's official there are no good movies.
Chandler: Hey, man. What's up?
Chandler: Well, I'll tell ya I do enjoy guilt, but, ah, it wasn't me.
Chandler: Is anybody else scared?
Chandler: Get the woman a pad! Get the woman a pad! A pad! A pad!
Chandler: (entering with his ringing phone) Joe. Joe! Answer the phone.
Chandler: Just do it! Okay, it's Janice and if I get it I'm going to have to see her tonight. (phone stops ringing) Oh, that's great I'm gonna have to see her tonight.
Chandler: Okay, last night at dinner, when the meals came, she put half her chicken piccata on my plate and took my tomatoes.
Chandler: Noo.
Chandler: No, it's like all of the sudden, we were this couple. And this alarm started going off in my head: 'Run for your life! Get out of the building!'
Chandler: I know, that, (looks at her fake chest, and loses his train of thought, temporarily) that's why I don't want to go tonight, I'm afraid I'm going to say something stupid.
Chandler: Look what do I do? I wanna get past this, I don't wanna be afraid of the commitment thing. I wanna go through the tunnel, to the other side! 
Chandler: Do we have any...(turns around and bumps Monica's fake chest) Do we have any thoughts here?
Chandler: You think?
Chandler: Yeah, Joe, I assure you if I'm staring down the barrel of a gun, I'm pretty much peeing every which way.
Chandler: 'Cause, I wanted to uh, give you this. (hands her a present)
Chandler: Well, wait there's, there's more. See the contact paper is to go into your brand new drawer. (gives her a drawer) See, the drawer actually goes in my dresser.
Chandler: Yes, I did. Yes, I did. Because, you're my girlfriend, and that's what girlfriends should, should get. 
Chandler: Well, not me. But that's what's happened, and, ah, and, and there's more. We should take a trip.
Chandler: Yep, we're a couple and that's what couples do. And, I wanna meet your parents. We should take a trip with your parents!
Chandler: I am, I actually am. I mean this is amazing. My entire life I have feared this place, and now that I'm here it's like what was the big deal. I could probably say 'Let's move in together.' and I'd be okay.
Chandler: It doesn't scare me!
Chandler: Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desperate for love!! (Janice leaves, Chandler then calls Janice to leave a message on her machine) Hey, Janice! It's me. Um, yeah, I-I-I just wanna apologize in advance for having chased you down the street. (runs out the door)
Chandler: So, I finally catch up to her and she says this relationship is going to fast and we have to slow down.
Chandler: Then I got all needy and clingy.
Chandler: She said she'd call me.
Chandler: Oh God.
Chandler: This ice cream tastes like crap by the way.
Chandler: So, you don't think I'm terminal?
Chandler: Okay, okay. So, should I call her?
Chandler: So I'm not, not gonna lose her?
Chandler: I said, 'So I'm not gonna lose her?'
Chandler: (in a British accent) Hello, Janice.
Chandler: (in accent) Oh, just a bit of shopping. How've you been?
Chandler: (normal voice) No. Not anymore.
Chandler: Yeah, huh. I'm just uh, you know I'm just picking up some things for a party. (grabs a bag off of the shelf)
Chandler: Well, I'm sorry if my friends aren't as sophisticated as yours.
Chandler: Here in Chelsea.
Chandler: A woman's
Chandler: (shyly) Chelsea.
Chandler: Can I be that guy?
Chandler: ....And then I just, you know, threw the bag of barley at her, and ran out of the store.
Chandler: I've actually ruined this haven't I? It's time for the good ice cream now, right?
Chandler: (answering phone) Hello. Hi, Janice! Can you hold on for a second? Okay. (to Monica and Rachel) Okay, what do I do?
Chandler: Hello!
Chandler: What are you, stop naming dwarves! (on phone) Hello, Janice. Hi, I'm so glad that you called, I know I've been acting a really weird lately. And, it's just because I'm crazy about you, and I just got...stupid, and, and scared, and....stupid a couple of more times. I'm sorry. (listens) Really?! (listens) Really?!
Chandler: (on phone) I love you too.
Chandler: (entering) Hey!
Chandler: Hey-hey-hey. So what happened? A forest tick you off?
Chandler: Yeah!
Chandler: You’re building a post office?
Chandler: Okay. (notices that Joey is wearing some really tight jeans) My word! Those are snug.
Chandler: Does anyone else think David Copperfield is cute?
Chandler: All right, Janice, likes him. In fact she likes him so much she put him on her freebie list.
Chandler: Well, we have a deal, where we each get to pick five celebrities that we can sleep with, and the other one can’t get mad.
Chandler: Ah, Kim Basinger, Cindy Crawford, Halle Berry, Yasmine Bleeth, and ah, Jessica Rabbit.
Chandler: I know, I know, I just always wondered if I could get her eyes to pop out of her head.
Chandler: Peter Parker.
Chandler: (coughing) What a geek!
Chandler: Hi.
Chandler: We don’t, really.
Chandler: You know, we don’t really take advantage of living in the city.
Chandler: No, you didn’t get me!! It’s an electric drill, you get me, you kill me!!
Chandler: I do NOT want this unit!!
Chandler: Fine! (goes into his room and slams the door, then he slams the bottom half of the door.)
Chandler: All right, so who do you got it narrowed down to?
Chandler: Oooh-hoo, very attractive, forgiving.
Chandler: Eh, y'know what, she’s to political, she probably wouldn’t let you do it, unless you donated four cans of food first.
Chandler: Ooh-hoo. Very hot, very sexy. But ah, y'know she’s too international, y'know she’s never gonna be around.
Chandler: So, you gotta play the odds, pick somebody who’s gonna be in the country like all the time.
Chandler: (entering) Have you seen Joey?
Chandler: Oh, just this! (turns around and has a paint lid stuck to the back of his pants.) Y’know what it’s my fault really, because the couch is usually where we keep the varnish.
Chandler: What’s going on?
Chandler: Yo!! Spackel boy! Get up!
Chandler: He started mine first!
Chandler: What, like a number?
Chandler: Hi! Bye! (runs to the bathroom)
Chandler: Okay, on three. One....Two....
Chandler: Why two?
Chandler: Yeah, I coulda counted to three like four times without all this ‘two’ talk.
Chandler: Okay, one...two...
Chandler: Oh, good job Joe.
Chandler: Yeah-yeah, so big that it actually makes our doors look smaller! 
Chandler: Yeah, y'know what I got a better idea. How-how ‘bout it blocks none of mine door and a lot of yours? (throws his shoulder into the center to try and move it, but it doesn’t move.)
Chandler: Umm?
Chandler: I’ve got five bucks says you can’t.
Chandler: Oh, I think I have the cash.
Chandler: Yeah, you got me. (picks up a 2x4 and puts it through the handles so that the doors won’t open) I’m out five big ones! (puts the money in the crack between the door and frame) Here you go.
Chandler: (entering, with a goatee) Hey.
Chandler: I’m never gonna find a roommate, ever.
Chandler: Well let’s see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that’s plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the guy that enjoyed my name so much he felt the need to make a little noise every time he said it. Nice to meet you, Chandler Bing Bing! Great apartment Chandler Bing, Bing!
Chandler: Two. This photographer, who seemed really dull. And this actor guy, who I’m not sure about, because when he called and I answered the phone ‘Chandler Bing,’ he said ‘Whoa-whoa, short message.’
Chandler: Umm, how’s it going with you guys?
Chandler: Soo, ah, Eric, what kind of photography do ya do?
Chandler: Yes, that is cool. Because I have models here y'know......never.
Chandler: Well, listen I ah, still have one more person to ah meet, but unless it turns out to be your sister, I think you’re chances are pretty good. (Eric offers to shake hands) All right. (Chandler hugs him.)
Chandler: (running around the apartment pointing out things) Bedroom. Bathroom. Living room. This right here is the kitchen, and thanks for coming by, (opens door) Bye-bye.
Chandler: Sure. Ummm. What’s up?
Chandler: What gay thing?
Chandler: Well okay Jerry, thanks for stopping by.
Chandler: Hey, Mon.
Chandler: Do I ever.
Chandler: No way!
Chandler: Just coffee! Where are we gonna hang out now?
Chandler: (to bartender) Can I get a beer.
Chandler: You betcha!
Chandler: Um-mm, yeah right!
Chandler: Oh yes, and that’s what I want a roommate that I can walk around with and be referred to as the funny one.
Chandler: Okay, but after that, we’re shootin’ some pool.
Chandler: Excuse, I seem to have dropped my ball.
Chandler: (picks it up) And now I’ve picked it up again. (walks over to Monica.)
Chandler: (leaving to go to work) Hey!
Chandler: Oh, don’t thank me, thank the jerk that never showed up. Okay, I gotta get to get to work.
Chandler: So ah, whatcha watching?
Chandler: What’s it about?
Chandler: Well, it sounds kinda stupid... (looks at the TV) Who’s she?
Chandler: Wow! Look at them run.
Chandler: Yeah, I’ll go get one.
Chandler: Well, hello!
Chandler: Do you have any beers? We’re out of beers.
Chandler: You okay?
Chandler: Right.
Chandler: Noo!! You don’t have a boyfriend because....I don’t, I don’t know why you don’t have a boyfriend. You should have a boyfriend.
Chandler: Oh-ho, come here. (goes and hugs her) Listen, you are one of my favourite people and the most beautiful woman I’ve ever known in real life.
Chandler: Umm, this is nice.
Chandler: No, I mean it, this feels really good. Is it a hundred percent cotton?
Chandler: Anyway, I should go, one of the lifeguards was just about to dismantle a nuclear device.
Chandler: Oh yeah, that sounds great. (starts to leave) Oh, and listen, it’s, it’s gonna be....
Chandler: Ross-Joey, Joey-Ross. (they shake hands)
Chandler: I can’t believe you came back.
Chandler: If I was a superhero who could fly and be invisible, that would be the best.
Chandler: (to Janice) Don’t look honey. Change the channel! Change the channel!
Chandler: What a wank!
Chandler: (leaning in) I’ll go.
Chandler: See, that’s why I could never be an actor. Because I can’t say gig.
Chandler: Knock, knock.
Chandler: Hey, I’m going for sushi does anybody want.. (enters and sees the bed) Whoa-whoa, somebody missed the off ramp.
Chandler: Okay. (to Monica) It’s a racecar.
Chandler: Okay, well it this bed isn’t new, how come there is plastic on the mattress?
Chandler: You told him to play the boxer gay!!
Chandler: You totally screwed him over.
Chandler: Varrrrrroom! Hey! Watch it lady! Varrrrrrrrrrom! (makes a screeching sound as he pretends to stomp on the brakes.) Hey-hey good lookin’! (honks the bed’s little horn on the steering wheel.) Varrrrrrrrroom. (notices Rachel and stops) All right, I’ll leave. My bed’s so boring.
Chandler: I will have one. (Ross and him both take one.)
Chandler: Okay, I’m not gonna have one.
Chandler: All right I’ll have one. (he and Ross take another brownie,)
Chandler: See that is the problem with invisible dentists.
Chandler: That is so weird, because every time I go to the dentist, I look down the hygienist’s blouse.
Chandler: Hey! Hold on a minute, hold on a second. Do you think these pearls are nice?
Chandler: Janice’s birthday is coming up, I want to get her something speacial. Come in here with me.
Chandler: That’s a good idea, ‘Dear Janice have a Hubba-Bubba birthday’. I would like to get her something serious.
Chandler: All right. Look, I’m gonna go in here, and you don’t buy me anything ever. (starts to go into the store)
Chandler: Why not?!
Chandler: What is the thing?
Chandler: (shocked) What?
Chandler: Well she, she wouldn’t do that, she’s with, she’s with me.
Chandler: Yeah, well, you’re wrong! Okay, you’re wrong.
Chandler: Ah, I don’t know, you tell me. Anything you ah, wanna tell me, because, if you ah, you should, if you, you would, tell me.
Chandler: You tell me! Maybe, it’s because I was just fooling with my ex! Oh no-no-no-no, no-no-no-no, that was you!!
Chandler: All right!
Chandler: Joey told me, he saw you two kissing.
Chandler: No! In his office! How many kisses were there?
Chandler: Wh-wh-why, wh-why, why, why was there kissing!? There should be no kissing!!
Chandler: (giving her a bag) Here.
Chandler: I’ll take it! All right look, I gotta know. Are you finished with me? (Janice shakes her head no) Are you finished with him? (Janice shakes her head no) Do you still love him? (Janice shakes her head yes) Do you still love me? (Janice shakes her head yes) All right look, (grabs the bag) I’m gonna need an actual answer here okay, so which is it, him or me? (his phone starts to ring)
Chandler: Yeah.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: All right.
Chandler: I talked to Janice.
Chandler: She doesn’t know. Says she loves us both. Y'know I woke up this morning and I was in love, well I was happy. Y'know it serves me right for buying that twelve pack of condoms. And now I can’t even return them, because she choked on the reciept!
Chandler: I don’t know, y'know. What, what, would you do?
Chandler: Come on, tell me.
Chandler: What? (turns around quickly still ready to throw the dart and Joey quickly ducks and hides behind the chair) What are you, what are you talking about?
Chandler: Janice, I have something I need to tell you, and I want you to let me get through it, because it’s, it’s, it’s not gonna be easy.
Chandler: I think you should go back with Gary. I don’t wanna be the guy that breaks up a family, y'know when my parents split up, it was because of that guy. Whenever I would see him I was always think y'know ‘You’re the reason, you are the reason why their not together.’ and I hated that guy. And it didn’t matter how nice he was, or how happy he made my Dad.
Chandler: Yeah, well. It’s the right thing to do.
Chandler: Then don’t leave me!
Chandler: Forget what I said, I was babbling! Pick me!
Chandler: No you don’t! No, no, no, I say you have to give your divorce another chance.
Chandler: Ohhh. Don’t go.
Chandler: No. No! No! No!
Chandler: I don’t care! (turns around and to the people watching them) I don’t care!!
Chandler: You can’t leave! I have your shoe!
Chandler: (singing) I’ll hold you close in my arms. (Phoebe enters) I can’t resist your charms. And love....
Chandler: (high pitched) No you know I don’t mind.
Chandler: I know.
Chandler: I’ve found.
Chandler: No, no, no, I don’t, I don’t really wanna play.
Chandler: That’s not true! I wanted to wear my bathrobe and eat peanut clusters all day. I wanted to start drinking in the morning. Don’t say that I don’t have goals!
Chandler: Yeah, all right, I’ll play.
Chandler: No, no, no, you say that proudly.
Chandler: And was the curse lifted?
Chandler: But wait a minute though, how are we gonna get there, though, because my Mom won’t let me cross the street.
Chandler: And then Tineals.
Chandler: Wow! Just like in the pros.
Chandler: The ball is Janice. The ball is Janice. (goes to kick the ball but kicks Ross’s foot instead.)
Chandler: Sorry. I’m sorry. Y'know what, we’re just gonna throw it.
Chandler: No, no, no, actually losers rhyme.
Chandler: (coming up under center, just like a real quarterback does, and puts his hands between Ross’s legs.) Twenty-three!! Seventy-four!! (Ross stands up and looks at him) You wanna go shotgun?
Chandler: (from the shotgun) Hike!
Chandler: Great! Now, the score is 7 to almost 7.
Chandler: No, no, no, no, no!
Chandler: (running up) Hey Joey, do you wanna play football or you wanna.. (sees Marhan) Hi, I’m Chandler.
Chandler: Mar-haaaan.
Chandler: Well, that went well.
Chandler: Y'know, I was thinking about ah, asking her for her number.
Chandler: Whoa-ho, whoa! No, I was thinking about y'know for me, as a part of that whole getting over Janice thing you were talking about.
Chandler: Thanks. What, let me have her?! What do mean? Like if you didn’t I wouldn’t have a shot?
Chandler: Math!! You’re giving me math! All right, look y'know what, forget about it, you go for the girl, we’ll see who gets her.
Chandler: Well now you have two. Hey, I am good at math.
Chandler: Hey! Well, I’ve been preparing for that my entire life! Or something about you that’s mean!
Chandler: Before!!
Chandler: Is everybody else seeing a troll doll nailed to a two by four?
Chandler: Okay, good.
Chandler: (to Margha) Hi.
Chandler: No-no-no-no, the game’s not over, we’re just switching teams.
Chandler: No ah, hold on a second Joe, where do Dutch people come from?
Chandler: And the other ah, Dutch people, they come on from somewhere near the Netherlands, right?
Chandler: Fine with me.
Chandler: Yes!!
Chandler: Well, you don’t you have Captain Hook explain it to her.
Chandler: You hear that! That is her chose, mister I’ll let you have her! I win! You suck! I rule all! A mini-wave in celebration of me!! (does the wave.)
Chandler: Wh-what?
Chandler: Y'know what, it doesn’t matter, ‘cause she picked me. Me! From now on I get the dates and you have to stay home on Saturday nights watching Ready, Set, Cook!
Chandler: We’re not gonna lose to girls.
Chandler: Okay, okay, so we get to take that stupid troll thing home!
Chandler: Hey-hey-hey Rachel, funny thing. Actually, the ah, end zone starts at that pole, so you’re five feet short, so we win!
Chandler: Guys! Guys! Come on! It’s Thanksgiving, it’s not important who wins or loses. The important thing is, (to Joey) the Dutch girl picked me! Me! Not you! Holland loves Chandler! Thank you, Amsterdam! Good night!!
Chandler: Yes. Yes, there is, they play on Sundays and Monday nights.
Chandler: (reading the comics) Eh..., I don’t, I don’t know.
Chandler: Well, as old as he is in dog years, do you think Snoopy should still be allowed to fly this thing?
Chandler: (thinks about it) Yeah?
Chandler: Excuse me little one, I have a very solid backhand.
Chandler: I was shrieking... like a Marine.
Chandler: (reading the paper) Says here that a muppet got whacked on Seasame Street last night. (to Ross) Where exactly were around ten-ish?
Chandler: Look out kids, he’s coming! (Ross continues to leave with his head down in shame.)
Chandler: Yes. Yes, and ah, ah, the trees are happy too, because for most of them, it’s the only chance to see New York.
Chandler: Ahh, do you have any coconut flavoured deities?
Chandler: How... exactly are you pursuing that? Y'know other than sending out resumes like what, two years ago?
Chandler: He’s right, if you quit this job, you then have motivation to go after a job you really want.
Chandler: Because, I’m too afraid.
Chandler: Yeah, that’d be much worse than being 28, and still working here.
Chandler: (to Joey) Does this mean we’re gonna have to start paying for coffee? (Joey shrugs his shoulders.)
Chandler: I spelled out boobies.
Chandler: So, how many have you sold so far?
Chandler: Oh my God, how did you do that?
Chandler: Me! On my computer.
Chandler: Eh, yeah, well ah, waitress at a coffee shop and cheer squad co-captain only took up so much room.
Chandler: Something else I might have said?
Chandler: You-you-you don’t wanna give into the fear.
Chandler: Run, Joey! Run for your life! (runs out)
Chandler: Tell us what happened, Brown Bird Ross.
Chandler: (to Rachel, who’s entering) Hey! How’d the interview go?
Chandler: Y'know what Rach, maybe you should just, y'know stay here at the coffee house.
Chandler: Well seeing that drunk Santa wet himself, really perked up my Christmas.
Chandler: It’s like ‘Night of the Living Dead Christmas Trees.’
Chandler: Sure, everybody loves a kidder.
Chandler: (to Ross) Should I tell her I ordered tea?
Chandler: I’m an alien. I’m an alien.
Chandler: (entering) Hey, anybody got a length of rope about six feet long with a little nouse at the end?
Chandler: I just saw Janice. 
Chandler: Yeah, she was at Rockefeller Center skating with her husband, she looked so happy. I almost feel bad for whipping that kid’s pretzel at them.
Chandler: Yes, but you ended up having sex with both of them that afternoon.
Chandler: Oh, y'know what, I’m gonna be okay, you don’t have to throw a party for me.
Chandler: Oh, well then, if anybody should have a party it should be him.
Chandler: Okay, well he totally screwed up the punch line. Y'know, it’s supposed to be arrghh-eh og-errigh.
Chandler: Hello-dillillio!!
Chandler: (to Monica) Take off your shirt!
Chandler: Yeah, Jell-o just like Mom used to make.
Chandler: (to Monica) Okay, how many of that girl are you seeing?
Chandler: Hi Joey’s sisters!
Chandler: Oh, I’m taking my ex-girlfriend of my speed dialer.
Chandler: No-no-no-no, no, it’s a good thing. Why must we dial so speedily anyway? Why must we rush through life? Why can’t we savor the precious moments? (to one of Joey’s sisters) Those are some huge breasts you have.
Chandler: Well, my apartment isn’t there anymore, because I drank it.
Chandler: Yeah, I ended up in the storage room, and not alone.
Chandler: Ow, no ‘woo-hooing,’ no ‘woo-hooing.’ 
Chandler: Ah, I fooled around with Joey’s sister. (Phoebe gasps) Well, that’s not the worst part. 
Chandler: I can’t remember which sister.
Chandler: Okay! You don’t think I thought of that?
Chandler: (to Monica) You see you can’t tell which one is which either, dwha!!
Chandler: Veronica. Look, it’s got to be Veronica, the girl in the red skirt. I definitely stuck my tongue down her throat.
Chandler: Look, when I’ve been drinking, sometimes I tend to get overly friendly, and I’m sorry.
Chandler: Why can’t we talk in here? With, with, witnesses.
Chandler: It’s gotta be the first one.
Chandler: Yep, I’m in a tree.
Chandler: Well, that’s the part where you tell him that I moved to France. When actually I’ll be in Cuba.
Chandler: What if Mary-Angela comes to the door and I ask for Mary-Angela?
Chandler: (shocked) Joey, what-wh-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-what are you doing here?
Chandler: I’m here to see Mary-Angela.
Chandler: Where’s Mary-Angela?
Chandler: This teramisu is, is excellent. Did you make it Mary-Angela?
Chandler: Well, it’s, it’s yummy. So Mary-Angela do you like it?
Chandler: So um, Mary-Angela, what’s your second favorite?
Chandler: Would you just please....give me the receipt ‘cause this is great. It’s top notch.
Chandler: So will I.
Chandler: Oh no-no-no I was just squinting. That doesn’t mean anything.
Chandler: Will you excuse me I have to um..... (walks to the hall)
Chandler: (startled) Hey!
Chandler: Look, I may have jumped the gun here. (she tries to kiss him, but he ducks it and moves away) Um, I just got out of a relationship and I’m not really in a, in a commitment kind of place.
Chandler: Ahhhh, you’re not Mary-Angela.
Chandler: This is so bad. If-if you’re not Mary-Angela, then-then who is?
Chandler: Oh, this is soo bad. (doesn’t see Mary-Angela)
Chandler: No Joey! No Joey! Don’t Joey! Joey!
Chandler: (pats him on the shoulder) You’re it! Now run and hide!
Chandler: I wasn’t sure which one Mary-Angela was. (all of Joey’s sisters gasp) Look, I’m sorry okay, I was really drunk, and you all look really similar.
Chandler: Y'know what, we should all calm down because your brother’s not going to punch me. (to Joey) Are ya?
Chandler: Joey if you wanna punch me, go ahead, I deserve it. But I just want you to know that I would never soberly hurt you or your family, you’re my best friend. I would never do anything like this ever again.
Chandler: Okay, absolutely!
Chandler: You’ve got it. (he starts to look at his sister’s, but he still doesn’t know which one is Mary-Angela.)
Chandler: What?! (Cookie punches him)
Chandler: Don’t worry.
Chandler: Oh yeah, but don't worry. I don't think anybody's gonna focus on that as long as your wearing that towel dress. 
Chandler: All right, I suppose I can wait a day. Hey, what are you doing Friday? 
Chandler: I need you to come to this bachelor party for my weird cousin Albert, y'know he's the botanist. 
Chandler: Yeah. Is that a dinosaur tie? 
Chandler: (to Phoebe) It must take you forever to find your keys. 
Chandler: (to Ross) Hey, so can you make it on Friday? 
Chandler: Well apparently Albert has no friends. He's very excited about the bachelor party though. I think actually the only reason he's getting married is so he can see a stripper. 
Chandler: Well, if the magician can open my beer with his but cheeks, then all right. 
Chandler: Don't do anything. Keep it inside. Learn how to hide your feelings! (pause) Don't cry outloud. 
Chandler: I want to say you but, that seems like such an easy answer. 
Chandler: I'll get you the Cliff Notes. 
Chandler: The abridgment. 
Chandler: ....three years of modern dance with Twila Tharp! Five years with the American Ballet Theater?! 
Chandler: Oh no, no, no, no. 
Chandler: All right, I have to get that, but no-no. (answering phone) Hello? (listens) (happily) Hi! Yeah listen, I'm, I'm in need of a stripper and I was told that you do that. (listens) Let me ask you this, what, what do you do for the extra hundred? (listens) So would I, would I have to provide the grapes? 
Chandler: Okay, we have our stripper. A miss Crystal Chandelier. 
Chandler: To yourself. (finishing) Hey-hey-hey, y'know what that's pretty good. 
Chandler: Bye-bye. 
Chandler: What, what, what?! 
Chandler: You really think that is what he meant? 
Chandler: Look, don't you see what's happening here. Instead of hitting on her right away, he's becoming her confidant. Now he's gonna be the guy she goes too to complain about you. 
Chandler: Well, why don't you send her a musical bug, op, no you already did that. All right look, you're going to have to go there yourself now, okay, make a few surprise visits. 
Chandler: All right fine, don't do anything, just sit here and talk to us, meanwhile she is talking to him about you. And he's being Mr. Joe Sensitive, and she starts thinking 'Maybe this is the guy for me, because he understands me.' 
Chandler: He paints quite a picture doesn't he? 
Chandler: Oh yeah, yeah! Look what I got, look what I got. (holds up a pen) See, she's fully dressed, right? 
Chandler: And then you click it and, uh-oh, she's naked. And then, and then you click it again and she's dressed. She's a business woman, she's walking down the street, she's window shopping, and (clicks pen) whoa-whoa-whoa, sh-she's naked! (Rachel just stares at him.) 
Chandler: Y'know what, I'm, I'm gonna spend some alone time with the pen. 
Chandler: Oh, okay Ross. Listen, this pen is kinda getting boring, so can you pick me up some porn? 
Chandler: Man, I gotta get a kid. (looks at the pen and starts laughing) 
Chandler: Yeah. Either that, or you just turned him on and sent him off to a stripper. 
Chandler: Yeah, baby!
Chandler: Making chocolate milk. Do you want some?
Chandler: Well, she spent the last six months getting over him, and now she’s celebrating that by going on a date with him.
Chandler: Oh, hey.
Chandler: (to Robert) So ah, isn’t a bit cold out for shorts?
Chandler: Right, right. Sometimes you guys just burst into flames.
Chandler: (standing up) I’m up! I’m up, I’ve gotten up now! Anybody ah, want anything?
Chandler: Okay Ross, why don’t you come with me?
Chandler: Robert’s coming out.
Chandler: No. He.....he’s coming out of his shorts.
Chandler: The man is showing brain.
Chandler: (to Ross) Wellll?
Chandler: What do we do? What do we do?
Chandler: Like an eclipse.
Chandler: Your liking it, huh?
Chandler: No, actually Laurie’s a boy.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: You mean a three pointer?
Chandler: I’m sorry, I’m sorry, it just seems that Robert isn’t as concealed in the shorts area, as ah, one may have hoped.
Chandler: Stretchy pants! Why, those are the greatest things in the world! If I were you I would wear them every day, every day!
Chandler: Hmmm, that’s very cool.
Chandler: I can’t believe she cracked your code!
Chandler: No, Beth doesn’t die, she doesn’t die. Does she Rachel?
Chandler: We can’t tell him, you can’t go up to a guy you barely know and talk about his.... stuff.
Chandler: Yeah, we got, um-hmm.
Chandler: I like her.
Chandler: Well, that’s pretty much all I’m looking for from these people.
Chandler: (to Ross) All right listen, I have to go to the bathroom, but if the place with the big fish comes up again. I’d like know whether that’s several big fish or just one big fish.
Chandler: No. This is just part of a dare devil game that I play called ‘wait until the last moment before I burst and die.’
Chandler: Jeez, man did you fall..(sees it’s a beautiful woman coming out of the men’s room) Hi! So ah, did ya, did-did-did ya fall high?
Chandler: (to Gunther) Y'know what Gunther, go ah, go ahead, I’m-I’m talking to ah, (tries to get her to say her name). (to her) This is the part where you say your name.
Chandler: Ginger. I’m talking to Ginger, so.... 
Chandler: Nope, nope, I’d just ah, I’d rather talk to you. (pause) Yes, I do. Yes, I do have to go to the bathroom. (knocks on the door)
Chandler: Well, that’s the best kiss I’ve had with anyone I’ve ever met in a men’s room.
Chandler: (sees her foot is in a slush puddle) Op, foot in a puddle, foot all in a puddle.
Chandler: Yeah, we’re gonna have to get you out of those shoes.
Chandler: No, really you’re gonna freeze.
Chandler: You’re not, what do you, what do you got a bionic foot?
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Oh, I hate that. I once had a thing of half and half, stole my car.
Chandler: Great. It was great. She’s ah, she’s great, great looking, great personality, she’s greatness.
Chandler: Joey told you about the leg, huh?
Chandler: Oh God, it freaked me out. Okay, I know it shouldn’t have, but it did. I mean I like her, I don’t want to stop seeing her, but every so often it’s like ‘Hey, y'know what, where’s your leg?’ I mean I’m the smallest person in the world aren’t I? I’m the smallest person in the world.
Chandler: (to Monica) Actually he’s the smallest person in the world.
Chandler: It came up.
Chandler: No. No. Actually I forgot, what is the deal with that again?
Chandler: No. No. I don’t think so.
Chandler: That’s-that’s my nubbin.
Chandler: It’s kinda a ah, a third nipple kinda thing.
Chandler: Well, y'know two regulars. And ah one that barely qualifies as... (starts to kiss her again, but she gets up.) Ahh, what?
Chandler: You ah, you have, you have to leave, now? How come?
Chandler: (entering, happily) Well hello!
Chandler: The doctor.
Chandler: Oh yes! Just had me a little nubbin-ectomy. Yep! Two nipples, no waiting.
Chandler: That was an obvious joke, and I didn’t think of it. Why didn’t I think of it? The source of all my powers. Oh dear God, what have I done!
Chandler: (entering) Hey, does anybody need anything copied? I’m going down to the Xerox place.
Chandler: Okay listen, just give me anything I can make two of.
Chandler: Yeah! You wanna come?
Chandler: Come on Chloe! Finish up with your customer first. Come on Chloe! Come on Chloe!!
Chandler: Uh-oh.
Chandler: (to Joey) Okay, that hurt us.
Chandler: Well ah, ........y'know.
Chandler: All right, rock on. (Does the ‘Hang 10’ sign, then hides his face in shame.)
Chandler: Hey, y'know what, maybe we should get going. I mean what time did Chloe say we should be there?
Chandler: What time is it now?
Chandler: Yeah all right, so we’ll hang out.
Chandler: Yes. Vividly.
Chandler: Yeah, I-I-I think so. (Pauses and thinks about it for a second) Yeah, I-I think so...
Chandler: Yeah. Yeah, I mean what, what would we do?
Chandler: She was kidding.
Chandler: She was.... But y'know what, just in case, maybe we should come up with a set of ground rules.
Chandler: Yeah. Good call, nice one. Hold it!! Hold it! What if me eyes are closed, and, and my hand is out there.... (holds his arm out and pretends to grab something with his hand.)
Chandler: Right. Right. Well ah, y'know we could flip for it.
Chandler: Well it you don’t know that, then I don’t want to do this with you.
Chandler: And that’s the only colour that comes in.
Chandler: So, what are you doing here? I thought tonight was your big anniversary dinner.
Chandler: Hey, no way! Come on, this is you guys, call her and work it out.
Chandler: Hey, this isn’t like swimming after you eat, pick up the phone!!
Chandler: Y'know that whole swimming thing is a myth.
Chandler: Why? What happened to him?
Chandler: Oh my God! Oh my God!
Chandler: Well, before we answer that, I think we should address the more important question. How dumb are you?
Chandler: He’s right. Nobody’s gonna benefit, and you’re just gonna hurt her.
Chandler: All right look, if you absolutely have to tell her, at least wait until the timing’s right. And that’s what deathbeds are for.
Chandler: Okay, okay-okay, ah, Chloe works with that guy Issac. Issac’s sister is Jasmine. And Jasmine works at that message place with Phoebe. And Phoebe’s friends with Rachel. And that’s the trail, I did it!
Chandler: Off?!!
Chandler: Yeah, well I don’t think you can make that statement, unless you’ve been kicked in an area that God only meant to be treated nicely.
Chandler: Oh, that’s mature.
Chandler: Nothing, nothing.
Chandler: Yeah, well, I guess they had a fight, and he got drunk....
Chandler: (to Joey) He has sex, and we get hit in our heads.
Chandler: Uh-oh.
Chandler: She was not good. Not good.
Chandler: Uh-oh.
Chandler: Yeah, never cheat on Rachel.
Chandler: Y'know what, I think we can go out there. I mean they have more important things to worry about.
Chandler: (handing Monica the wax) Wax the door shut, we’re never leaving, ever.
Chandler: Oh great, food with hair on it.
Chandler: Because that would be crazy?
Chandler: Yeah, come on, it’s Ross and Rachel, they’ve got too.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Are you actually saying these words?
Chandler: Let’s go.
Chandler: (to Joey) Is that your new walk?
Chandler: This is the New York Times.
Chandler: We are. He’s meeting us here.
Chandler: Yeah y-you, how hard is it to say something? Rachel came over to borrow something.
Chandler: Y'know what this is like? This is like when my parents got divorced. Man, I hope Ross doesn’t try to kidnap me after Cub Scouts.
Chandler: Y'know what maybe it’s gonna be okay, I mean it’s been a week.
Chandler: No.
Chandler: Yes, yes, it’s just that we ah, we kinda all ready, made plans with Ross.
Chandler: Yeah, he’s really excited about it too, he even recorded show times on his answering machine.
Chandler: (jumps back and points at the cigarette) Oh my God!
Chandler: Well, actually, yesterday I was smoking again. Today, I’m, I’m smoking still.
Chandler: Look, I’m telling you this is just like my parents divorce, which is when I started smoking in the first place.
Chandler: Yeahhh. I’m tellin’ ya something, that ah, first smoke after nap time....
Chandler: Oh that’s great, with my luck, that’s gonna be him.
Chandler: Nope, hymn 253, His Eyes Are On The Sparrow! When my parents got divorced is when I started using humour as a defence mechanism. (answers the door and it’s Rachel again.)
Chandler: Hey, shut up!! You’re not my real Mom!!
Chandler: Can somebody else hug him? I have to stay by the window.
Chandler: Well, then, I might as well offer to stay.
Chandler: (to Joey) Well he’s probably mad after you called him this morning to borrow his goggles.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Beam me up Jesus.
Chandler: Okay, well, then, I-I have to go to the bathroom.
Chandler: Oh, come on, there’s a rest stop right up there! Come on, I really have to goooooooooo.
Chandler: Here we go. Okay, brace yourselves.
Chandler: Oh, no-no-no-no-no-no!!
Chandler: (to Joey) My lighter’s in there! (points to the cab)
Chandler: Damn! (stands up) The tailpipe’s not hot enough to light this!
Chandler: Oh I do! Op, no, wait a minute, I took it out of my shirt when I put it on this morning.
Chandler: Ladies, ladies, let’s just compromise okay? Phoebe, Rachel take off Monica’s bra.
Chandler: Well, I thought if I littered, that crying Indian might come by and save us.
Chandler: Okay, now let’s decide who has the nicest ass.
Chandler: At least let me smoke it to the good part.
Chandler: I have the lung capacity of a two year old. (starts to light another cigarette.)
Chandler: Well it’s very unsettling.
Chandler: Oh no, now it’s not gonna make any sense!
Chandler: Oh, this is horrible, it’s just horrible.
Chandler: It’s horrible.
Chandler: Y'know what, I can handle it, handle’s my middle name. Actually it’s the ah, middle part of my first name.
Chandler: Guys, guys, guess who I am?! (starts dancing around in an effort to stop the fighting.)
Chandler: I was being Shelly Winters from The Poseidon Adventure.
Chandler: Oh come on man! At least let me finish this last one.
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: No-no, why don’t you hang on to that one.
Chandler: Okay, that’s like the least fun game ever.
Chandler: Oh. (takes the cassette and puts it on his arm like the stop smoking patch, and it falls off.) Nope, that patch is no good. (Joey and Monica both do their fake laughs.)
Chandler: Or what my Father called Thursday night.
Chandler: Y'know, I would’ve bet good money that he’d be the first one of us to get married.
Chandler: Always illegal Joe.
Chandler: If that doesn’t keep kids in school, what will?
Chandler: (entering, carrying a briefcase) Hi.
Chandler: Y'know, I forgot the combination to this about a year ago? I just carry it around. Do you have any Chap Stick?
Chandler: Y'know what, pretty good.
Chandler: Good! I haven’t smoked yet today, I feel great, and-and-and confident, that is a stunning blouse.
Chandler: Thanks
Chandler: What check thing?
Chandler: (reading the check) Pete Becker. Pete… (quickly grabs a magazine and opens it up to show her a picture) (pointing to the picture) Is this him?
Chandler: Who’s he huggin’?
Chandler: This guy invented Moss 865! Every office in the world uses that program!
Chandler: There you go!!
Chandler: (to the girls who are staring at him) What?
Chandler: (in a feminine way) Oh my God! (and he jumps all around)
Chandler: Okay, okay, just because he buys you dinner, does not mean you owe him anything.
Chandler: Okay, then get the lobster!
Chandler: Mr. Millionaire, new from Snooty Playthings! Third wife sold separately.
Chandler: Life-sized Imperial Storm Troopers from Sharper Image?
Chandler: Wow!! Can Joey and I put them on and fight?
Chandler: Yeah, either that, or Gloria Estefan was right, eventually, the rhythm is going to get you.
Chandler: It’s possible. You are very loveable, I’d miss you if I broke up with you. (Ross glares at him) I was just trying to be supportive.
Chandler: (in a deep voice) If I broke up with you, I’d miss you.
Chandler: And you’re our age. You’re our age.
Chandler: That’s not a state Joe.
Chandler: You’re our age!
Chandler: I can blow dry it. I can put gel on it. It doesn’t matter, I still wind up with this little (pats the flat spot on the back of his head) cowlicky thing on the middle part of my head. It’s so annoying. Does it bug you?
Chandler: Is there any chance you didn’t see that?
Chandler: Ross! You gotta stop! Okay?! You can’t just stare through the peep hole for three hours! You’re gonna get peep eye!
Chandler: You didn’t just break up.
Chandler: You slept with somebody three hours after you thought you broke up. I mean bullets have left guns slower!
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: And the inventor of the door rests happily in his grave.
Chandler: Stop what?!
Chandler: No!! You can’t!! 
Chandler: I am your friend, and I am not gonna let you do this!! (Ross is now dragging Chandler and the foosball table to the door) You are surprisingly strong!
Chandler: Look man!
Chandler: Listen to me!! (Chandler turns him around and closes and holds the door shut with his feet.) 
Chandler: She’s moving on! Okay, if it’s not this guy, it’s gonna be somebody else! And unless you’re thinking about subletting my peep hole, you are going to have to get used to the fact that the relationship is over! Okay, man? It’s over.
Chandler: Okay. 
Chandler: I know. (He rubs Ross’s head) 
Chandler: I don’t think this town is big enough for both of us to relax in. (He blows on his hand) Draw!! (He quickly pulls the lever to raise the foot rest, like a gunfighter in a Western.) 
Chandler: (to Joey) I wasn’t doing anything. (Joey starts angrily throwing his stuff down.) Uh-oh, what did she do now?
Chandler: Ah, Sliced Bread, a wonderful Lady MacBeth.
Chandler: I think somebody has a crush on somebody.
Chandler: I’m talking about you. You big, big freak.
Chandler: Hey, you have nothing but talk about her for the last 48 hours! If you were in a school yard you’d be pulling her pigtails and pushing her down now!
Chandler: ‘Cause it’s-it’s not his last name.
Chandler: No, it’s not like, like Phil Spiderman. He’s a spider, man. Y'know like ah, like Goldman is a last name, but there’s no Gold Man.
Chandler: So, ahh, what kind of powers would Gold Man have?
Chandler: What about things that are already gold?
Chandler: Okay, let’s play my game now.
Chandler: Wait a minute, wait. You’re telling me this actress person is the only woman you ever wanted who didn’t want you back?!
Chandler: My Grandmother used to say that exact same thing to me.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Oh, that’s-that’s okay, no problem. (He starts to look around her office.)
Chandler: Yes, I realise that.
Chandler: That’s the stuff! (quickly grabs it)
Chandler: Thanks, it’s ah, Gaelic, for ‘Thy turkey’s done.’ So ah, I’m gonna go, nice, nice meeting you.
Chandler: Hello.
Chandler: (holding a tissue) And is this in case the house sneezes?
Chandler: Oh, I'm glad you guys are past that little awkward phase.
Chandler: Oh-ho, liked what she saw, huh? Dug my action, did she? Checkin’ out the Chan-Chan man!
Chandler: Yeah, she seemed cool, attractive. I’ll do it.
Chandler: (entering) Hey, my Father’s house does that!
Chandler: Well, the movie was great, dinner was great, and there’s nothing like a cool, crisp New York evening. 
Chandler: Of course, I didn’t get to enjoy any of that, because Joanna’s such a big, dull dud!
Chandler: (entering with Rachel) I’m telling ya, Joanna’s got it all wrong. Okay? All I said was, ‘This was fun. Let’s do it again sometime. I’ll give you a call.’
Chandler: That’s what you say at the end of a date.
Chandler: To her face? Look it’s the end of the date, I’m standing there, I know all she’s waiting for is for me to say ‘I’ll call her’ and it’s just y'know, comes out. I can’t help it, it’s a compulsion.
Chandler: Multiple, so many paper cuts.
Chandler: (sarcastic) Oh, well give me the phone then.
Chandler: Look, you can’t call somebody after this long just to say, ‘In case you didn’t notice, I don’t like you!’
Chandler: Nooo!! She’s really dull! And she gets this gross mascara goop thing in the corner of her eye!
Chandler: All right! Fine! But it’s just a lunch date, no more than an hour! And from now on I get my own dates, I don’t want you setting me up with anybody ever again!
Chandler: That’s just a lot of big talk, y'know.
Chandler: It’s not a big deal. It’s, just it’s right here, (points to his eye) and it’s all the time.
Chandler: (He looks over at Rachel, who nods her head) Yes, this, this was pleasant.
Chandler: The food there was, was great.
Chandler: So take care.
Chandler: Well, this was great. I’ll give you a call. We should do it again sometime. (Rachel is disappointed) 
Chandler: Noo! 
Chandler: Look, I’m sorry. Okay? I’m weak, and pathetic, and sorry.
Chandler: Ahhhh—I’m not going to call you.
Chandler: I’m sorry. I’m-I’m-I’m sorry that I said I was going to when I’m not. Look, this has nothing to do with you, y'know? And this isn’t Rachel’s fault. It’s me. I have serious, serious problems when it comes to women. I have issues with commitment, intimacy, (pause) mascara goop. And I’m really sorry, it’s just that this is not, this isn’t going to work out.
Chandler: Yeah, o-okay.
Chandler: Well this is great! I’ll give you a call! We should do it again sometime!
Chandler: (sporting a goatee) Hey.
Chandler: Oh, so that’s why the priest threw holy water on me. (there’s no reaction from Joey) Okay, listen, you have to cheer up! Okay? You should come out with Ross and me, I mean anything is better than sitting around here crying all day about Kate.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: No way!
Chandler: Oh my God! Who’s gonna watch that?!
Chandler: Yeah. (they start to leave)
Chandler: Thanks. (He takes off the vest and throws it on the floor.)
Chandler: So um, after you put the suggestion in the box, how long did it take for the roller skating thing to happen.
Chandler: Okay, so I guess that’s about ah, two weeks before the topless thing kicks in.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Okay. (He opens it and it’s a baby chick) It’s a chicken.
Chandler: Fowl? No. Women? Nooo.
Chandler: Easy Lenny.
Chandler: Okay, but this is the last time. (singing) With a chick-chick here, and a chick-chick there. Here a chick, there a chick, everywhere a chick-chick-(Joey enters)-chickeeeen.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: She?
Chandler: I don’t know. (He picks the chick up and turns it over, trying to determine the sex of the chick, and blows on it.) I can’t tell, what ever it was went back in too quickly.
Chandler: Excuse me?
Chandler: I stayed home from work today while you were at rehearsal so somebody could be here with our chick!
Chandler: You don’t think I get up when you get up?
Chandler: Yes, here it comes! I’m stuck here all day, and then you come in and spend two seconds with us and then expect to go off gallivanting with your friends? Well I don’t think so mister!
Chandler: And you don’t think taking care of our chick is work?
Chandler: I know what you meant!! (pause) You notice that ever since we got this chick, we’ve been fighting a lot more than we used too?
Chandler: I’ll take her back tomorrow.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: (rushing in) Oh, good! Good! Do you guys know how to get a chick out of a VCR?!
Chandler: I know. See, yes. That’s Yasmine Bleeth, she’s a completely different kind of chick. I love you both. But in very different ways.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: I did! But the store wouldn’t take her back! So then I took her to the shelter, and you know what I found out? 
Chandler: If they can’t find a home for her, they kill her! And I’m not gonna let that happen to little Yasmine!
Chandler: Okay. And it’s not just chicks y'know? It’s all kinds of other animals!
Chandler: Thanks, I’m glad you see it that way.
Chandler: Ohhh-hoo, funny story!
Chandler: Okay! Now you stay out here, and you think about what you did!!
Chandler: That’s a bad duck!!! (to Ross) How’d the thing go tonight, Ross?
Chandler: (to the duck) Okay, now when you come back I hope you remember that, that chick is not a toy! (He goes back into the apartment)
Chandler: (coming out of his apartment and seeing Ross) What did you do?
Chandler: Having a swim.
Chandler: Chicks don’t swim.
Chandler: I don’t know. Should we try it?
Chandler: See, I told you they don’t swim. (He goes to take it out)
Chandler: Noo! (takes him out) Oh, it’s okay, it’s okay, baby, baby, baby.
Chandler: Ye-e-es!!
Chandler: Who’s number two? One of the more difficult games sewer workers play.
Chandler: Bye!
Chandler: Yeah, and I don’t have any cologne.
Chandler: Oh! Worm medicine for the duck.
Chandler: (entering, carrying the chick and duck) Hey! Can you take a duck and a chick to the theatre? 
Chandler: Okay. I just wanted them to hear it from somebody else.
Chandler: (seeing Joey) There he is!
Chandler: Almost as good as that play with the two naked girls on the see-saw.
Chandler: I know.
Chandler: So that’s the girl you like.
Chandler: Wait a minute, wait a minute, you don’t like the guy Rachel’s dating? Well, that’s odd.
Chandler: Could I borrow it?
Chandler: Oh-ho-ho-ho. 
Chandler: 7:15. (Monica looks at him) Watch doesn’t work.
Chandler: Yeah, and at the end of the play, he, he got up y'know, and he just started like, (claps his hands) banging his hands together!
Chandler: Ross, don’t. Ross!
Chandler: Ohh, that’s a good one.
Chandler: Why don’t you use ours across the hall, ‘cause she…has…problems.
Chandler: Step away from the duck.
Chandler: And yet, she’s still not hanging up the phone.
Chandler: Or... Dick.
Chandler: Was it like a sneeze only better?
Chandler: No!!
Chandler: Whoa-heeeiiiiii-iiiii-ah!! (sees it) Huh.
Chandler: No, it's... fancier than a pimple. Look Ross, why don't you just go see a… 
Chandler: Okay, well, it's definite, two more weeks of winter.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Well, y'know if Joey and I played with matches we could get you up to an even hundred. 
Chandler: You're right, I know.
Chandler: (joining them) Okay, how'd it go at the doctor's?
Chandler: Y'know what? You should go to my guy, because when I went in there with my third nipple. He just lopped it right off. Y'know? So I guess I'm lucky. I mean not as lucky as people who were born with two nipples.
Chandler: Well, if he's gonna break up with you, maybe Joey and I should water his plants. If y'know what I mean.
Chandler: Well sensitive is important, pick him.
Chandler: (sitting down on the couch) I-kea! This is comfortable.
Chandler: So, what do you thing the good news is?
Chandler: Yes, but this is Pete. Okay? He’s not like other people, on your first date he took you to Rome. For most guys that’s like a third or fourth date kinda thing.
Chandler: Oh, so you’re going with the teacher, huh?
Chandler: (comforting the duck) Everything’s gonna be all right. Okay, Dick?
Chandler: Do you think that there’s a town in Missouri or some place called Sample? And ah, as you’re driving into town there’s-there’s like a sign, and it says “You’re in Sample.” (He says it like urine sample.)
Chandler: Yeah, it’s two guys in a ring, and the rules are: “They’re are no rules.”
Chandler: Yes, but there’s two in martini, soo everybody back to my office.
Chandler: Oh it’s Bing, sir. I’m sorry , I was just ah...
Chandler: All right buddy, way to go! (smacks him on the butt)
Chandler: Thank you! Today, my boss keep slapping my butt and he was acting like it was no big deal.
Chandler: Well, I didn’t do anything. I didn’t want to be the guy who has a problem with his boss slapping his bottom.
Chandler: Yeah, I know, for a really great stew you just y'know, stick your head in between ‘em.
Chandler: (to Ross and Monica) What if Joey were president?
Chandler: (to his co-workers) What is with him?
Chandler: Well, that’s not true, he-he smacked you once.
Chandler: No sir.
Chandler: (joining them) Hey! Which one’s my turkey burger?
Chandler: Nine times! Okay, I had to put on lotion! But, it’s gonna be okay, because as of tomorrow I’m conducting an experiment, and if all goes as planned, my butt will be smack free.
Chandler: Excuse me, Doug? (no reaction) Hey there sports fan!!
Chandler: No, I ah, I didn’t do them.
Chandler: No, no I just ah, didn’t do them. Instead, I ah, hung out with a couple of friends and had a couple of beers so I certainly don’t deserve any praise, verbal or otherwise.
Chandler: Doug!!
Chandler: I’m a little bit uncomfortable with the that way you express yourself.
Chandler: No, no. It-it’s not about the swearing, it’s more about ah, the way, that you ah, occasionally, concentrate, your enthusiasm on my buttock.
Chandler: Oh, and don’t get me wrong, I appreciate the sentiment. It’s just that I, I have a rather, sensitive posterior, and ah, besides, it’s making all the other guys jealous.
Chandler: Okay. (he starts to leave)
Chandler: Ahhhhh! (walks out, imitating shooting himself in the head)
Chandler: Thank you, sir.
Chandler: No. No, not at all, that’s-that’s ridiculous.
Chandler: Ye-ye-yeah, yes I do!
Chandler: Run! Run you crazy, rich freak!
Chandler: (to Bonnie) So ah, your first sexual experience was with a woman?!
Chandler: Tell it again. (pause, we see Rachel is not amused.) Seriously.
Chandler: (reading the back of the picture) Me and Frank and Phoebe, Graduation 1965.
Chandler: You’re not gonna die an old maid, maybe an old spinster cook.
Chandler: Hey now besides, if worst comes to worst, I’ll be your boyfriend.
Chandler: Why is that so funny?
Chandler: Ha-ha-ha. A little to hard. What am I not ah, boyfriend material?
Chandler: Okay, so we’ve established my name, and hit me. But theoretically y'know, I mean say we weren’t friends, say it’s a blind date. I show up at your door, and I’m like (in a fake voice) “Hey, nice to meet, ya. Hey, oh-hey.”
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: What a minute, I know that hat! I was taken aboard that hat! They did experiments on me! I can’t have children!!
Chandler: Buy it for ya, or win it for ya?
Chandler: Big bullies!!
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Bored and bored!
Chandler: Yes!
Chandler: Okay, umm, we all have to play strip poker.
Chandler: So, you still don’t think I’m boyfriend material?
Chandler: I saw you checking me out during the game last night.
Chandler: Yeah, well, lucky for you.
Chandler: I don’t know.
Chandler: Oh, yeah, I don’t know what they were doing, but at one point sea turtles actually came up to the house.
Chandler: Where ya going?
Chandler: (to Joey) Noo!! I don’t care! I’m not, I’m not gonna playing one-on-one strip poker with you for practice! 
Joey and Chandler: G’night.
Chandler: Okay, then you gotta back away, all right? You don’t need that kind’ve hurt. Take it from a guy who’s never had a long term relationship......
Chandler: Ahhhh! (Steps away from her.)
Chandler: Oh, ahh, no thanks, I just had an M&amp;M.
Chandler: There is not one hair on that head.
Chandler: (in a fake voice) Hi there.
Chandler: Okay! Okay! Let me try it again, you’re gonna wanna date this next guy, I swear!
Chandler: Hi! I’m Dorf! You’re date for the evening. (Monica walks away in disgust) Oh come on! Dorf on dating, that’s good stuff!!
Chandler: (to Monica) (in a funny voice) Hi there. (Monica turns her head away in disgust)
Chandler: (jumping up) Oh, I’ll go out and get you some.
Chandler: Nope! Because I’m not your boyfriend. (to Phoebe, who’s entering) Hey Pheebs, how did it go?
Chandler: I found a dried up seashores.
Chandler: All right, there’s a nuclear holocaust, I’m the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?
Chandler: I’ve got canned goods.
Chandler: Excellent hole, Joe.
Chandler: Well, can we help?! You want us to take you back to the house?!
Chandler: We’ve got to do something!
Chandler: Y'know what, he’s right. There’s something like uh, ammonia in that, that like kills the pain.
Chandler: Me too!!
Chandler: Oh my God! If you say that one more time, I’m gonna break up with you!
Chandler: Look, Ross, you have what you want, you’re back with Rachel. If you bring this up now you’re gonna wreck the best thing that even happened to you.
Chandler: (jumping up) Hey! Phoebe! We can talk to Phoebe!!
Chandler: I’ll give you a thousand dollars to talk to us.
Chandler: (running over and joining Monica) They’ll never understand!
Chandler: (following Monica) We were two miles from the house. Scared and alone. We didn’t think we could make it. (He goes to put his hands on Monica’s shoulders but for some reason can quite complete the action and pulls back.)
Chandler: And then Joey remembered something.
Chandler: (wails loudly into his hands) Joey kept screaming at me, “Do it now! Do it!! Do it! Do it now!!” Sometimes late at night I can still here the screaming.
Chandler: (entering with Joey) (to Monica) Coffee house?
Chandler: I KNEW IT!!!!
Chandler: We were playing Gin? Y'know if we were a couple, we could play this game naked.
Chandler: Okay. All right.
Chandler: Wow! That ripped! That ripped real nice!
Chandler: You don’t turn and slide, you throw it out! I’m tired of having to get a tetanus shot every time I get dressed!
Chandler: All right, how about we, how ‘bout we sell it.
Chandler: (nods his head) Do you mind if we stick you in another cabinet? (to Joey) They seem all right with it!
Chandler: Uh-huh, first you tell us where you got the prettiest lace in all the land.
Chandler: (reading the ad) Stunning entertainment center. Fine, (pause) fine Italian craftsmanship. (Joey is very proud of himself)
Chandler: You want it?
Chandler: Ahh, Gepeto, $5,000 dollars? Are you insane?
Chandler: All right look, I’m changing it to 50 bucks, or your best offer.
Chandler: (looks at him) Nooo.
Chandler: I can’t believe you don’t know what I do for a living!
Chandler: (interrupting) Let it go!!
Chandler: Yes, Joey has a very careful screening process. Apparently, not everyone is qualified to own wood and nails.
Chandler: You’ll have to pardon my roommate, he wanted to marry this.
Chandler: Y'know, I, I really don’t think we need a canoe.
Chandler: All right, just, just take the entertainment center, and then when you get home, throw the canoe away!
Chandler: Y'know what, I think this might be one of the times he’s wrong.
Chandler: Oh-no, he’s right.
Chandler: I’m coming already!!
Chandler: OH MY GOD!!!
Chandler: Are you all right?!
Chandler: (lets him out) What happened?!!
Chandler: What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!
Chandler: So—You got in voluntarily?!
Chandler: BEND OVER?!!!
Chandler: Oh, umm, Joey was born, and then 28 years later, I was robbed!!
Chandler: Oh, they said uh, “You don’t have insurance here, so stop calling us.”
Chandler: Pheebs, if she could come back as a couch, we’d really appreciate it. (Joey nods in agreement)
Chandler: Wow! Really?! We get all this rusty crap for free?!
Chandler: Could we be more white trash?
Chandler: Hey uh, Rach, funny story. I ah, bumped into Joanna on the street yesterday.
Chandler: Well, no, actually she uh, asked me if I wanted to get a drink.
Chandler: (laughs) No. No!
Chandler: Well, not at first.
Chandler: Well, I think I judged her too quickly, and this time we were able to take the relationship to the next level.
Chandler: Oh, come on! It’s not like this is an everyday occurrence for me! I mean usually I’m pretty much just in there by myself.
Chandler: Okay, I promise, I’ll end it.
Chandler: …it was like the Algonquin kids table. (They all laugh, but Joey only laughs not to be left out.)
Chandler: It just doesn’t…feel like we’re breaking up.
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Thanks.
Chandler: Okay. (Starts to button up his shirt)
Chandler: When I walk outside naked people throw garbage at me.
Chandler: Ah-ha, you’re not the boss of me. (She kisses him) Yeah, you are! (She handcuffs him to the chair) Ooh, saucy.
Chandler: You are, you’re gonna leave me like this?
Chandler: Okay. But if you don’t come back soon, (She leaves and closes the door) there’s pretty much nothing I can do about it!
Chandler: Hi! (to Sophie) How are you?
Chandler: Hello, Joanna…(Realises he doesn’t know her last name)…’s office.
Chandler: How little?!
Chandler: Look, this isn’t funny! You get back here right now!
Chandler: Why not?!
Chandler: What?!
Chandler: (in a serious, businesslike tone) Rachel, could I see you for a moment?
Chandler: Okay, here’s the situation. The keys to the cuffs are on the back of the door. Could you be a doll and grab them and scoot on over and unlock me? And on a totally different subject, that is a lovely pantsuit.
Chandler: I did break up with her! She just took it really, really well!
Chandler: It did enter my mind! But then something happened that made it, shoot right out.
Chandler: No-no-no-no-no-no-no!! I can’t get myself right out of them! You must have me confused with the Amazing Chandler!! Come on, you have to unlock me, she could be gone for hours, and I’m cold, and (Stops and looks up the skirt on a statue behind Joanna’s desk.)
Chandler: Never!
Chandler: Fine!
Chandler: I—never borrowed your Walkman.
Chandler: You got it! Here we go! Come on! This is great! (Rachel goes over and unlocks the handcuffs) Ahhh! (He starts rubbing his wrist)
Chandler: No, I just always see guys doing this when they get handcuffs taken off them. (He runs over to where his pants are hanging) Hello sweet pants!
Chandler: About what?
Chandler: I’ll make something up! I’m good at lying, I actually did borrow your Walkman!
Chandler: Oh-ho-ho, I don’t think so!
Chandler: Well, this is much better.
Chandler: Hey, look, you’re in trouble either way! Okay? If she comes back and sees me locked to this instead of the chair, she’s gonna know you were in here. So you might as well just let me go.
Chandler: It still wouldn’t be clean. (Rachel makes an ‘Eww, disgusting!’ face) All I want is my freedom.
Chandler: Freedom!
Chandler: Freedom! I want my freedom! Why won’t you here me?! (Opens the door) Sophie, help me! Help me!! (Sophie stands up)
Chandler: I’m gonna say this for the last time. Would you please just… (He moves his arm which opens the drawer and hits in the back of the head, which proves his point.)
Chandler: No!
Chandler: With extra pulp?
Chandler: No!
Chandler: You don’t have it.
Chandler: How do Monica and Phoebe know?
Chandler: (intrigued) Go on.
Chandler: And Milton Berle has a…
Chandler: (hello) Hello.
Chandler: (to Rachel) I love you. (Kisses her on the forehead)
Chandler: (checks his watch) Two hours, that lasted!
Chandler: I think so.
Chandler: Could there be more Kims?
Chandler: Yeah, it was time. The old condom ring in the leather just doesn’t say ‘cool’ anymore.
Chandler: Oh yeah, gym member. I try to go four times a week, but I’ve missed the last 1200 times.
Chandler: You don’t think I’ve tried? You think I like having 50 dollars taken out of my bank account every month? No, they make you go all the way down there! Then they use all of these phrases and peppiness to try and confuse you! Then they bring out Maria.
Chandler: Oh Maria. You can’t say no to her, she’s like this lycra spandex covered gym…treat.
Chandler: No!
Chandler: Oh no, you’ll have to come.
Chandler: Why don’t you just give him to somebody else?
Chandler: Because that’s the only part of you he can see when he’s on the table!
Chandler: Yes. (In a stronger voice) Yes!
Chandler: No! I want a flabby gut and saggy man breasts!
Chandler: Okay. (They go inside) (To the guy at the desk) I wanna quit the gym.
Chandler: I wanna quit the gym.
Chandler: (He turns to Ross and Ross makes a ‘Be strong’ sound.) I wanna quit the gym.
Chandler: (horrified at the prospect of trying to quit alone and unsure about himself) I wanna quit the gym.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: No, I almost did, couldn’t leave Ross there without a spotter!
Chandler: We’re doomed. Okay, they’re gonna take 50 bucks out of our accounts for the rest of our lives. What are we gonna do?
Chandler: You’re a genius!
Chandler: Now, there’s two reasons.
Chandler: Thank you, Joey.
Chandler: Hi.
Chandler: No, we’d just like to close them.
Chandler: I wanna quit the bank!
Chandler: To pay for the gym.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Yeah… Bunny-rabbit.
Chandler: Ohh, she's pretty. Pretty ahh, pretty girl, the pretty--she's pretty.
Chandler: I could die.
Chandler: I tell people secrets. It makes them like me.
Chandler: Hey! (Phoebe sneezes)
Chandler: All right, I'm gonna do it! I'm gonna get shot down. Any advice?
Chandler: (gets up) (softly) Wish me luck.
Chandler: Wish it! (To the woman, Kathy, he likes) Hi. Hi, I-I was just sitting over there, and uhh, Chandler. My name is Chandler. Did I say that?
Chandler: Uh Kathy, with K or a C?
Chandler: Oh-oh-hey!
Chandler: Hey, come on, give me a break, I'm out on a limb here.
Chandler: Hey! Hey, hey-hey, hey. (Joey kisses Kathy.)
Chandler: Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally large feet into my even bigger mouth.
Chandler: (sees Kathy is up watching TV) Hi!
Chandler: Jeez, at 2:30 in the morning, I didn't expect to have to fight over the remote.
Chandler: Oh my God! That's why I got up too!
Chandler: Hey, listen, I'm sorry about this afternoon, y'know, if I would've known you guys were... I never would've...
Chandler: So ah, Joey tells me you two met in acting class.
Chandler: That's a good thing actually, because ah, he used to have me rehearse with him.
Chandler: Is it on?
Chandler: Hey! (Runs over and gets his wonder broom)
Chandler: Oh! It's on! It's on!
Chandler: There we go little fella.
Chandler: Well the duck can swim.
Chandler: Oh yeah, me too, she's so cool and pretty.
Chandler: She's smart and funny, y'know? We were up all last night talking, she said the funniest thing about--what? 
Chandler: No, I don't.
Chandler: Thank you, Ross.
Chandler: All right.
Chandler: All right.
Chandler: Kathy! Kathy! Hi!! Kathy! Kathy! (She doesn't hear him and keeps running, Chandler starts chasing her as the theme to The Mod Squad starts to play. First, a car almost hits him and then gets mustard splashed on him as he runs by a hot dog vendor.) Kathy! (He keeps running and gets tangled up in the leashes of five dogs, in desperation he throws his paper.) Fetch! Fetch it! (He frees himself and resumes the chase) Kathy! Kathy! Kathy! (He now trips and falls into a pile of garbage, he tries to get up and scream her name again but he has a piece of spinach in his mouth. He gets out of the garbage and starts crossing the street by running over the hoods of a couple of cabs.) Kathy! (He jumps in front of her and out of breath he says) Kathy.
Chandler: Oh, I just wanted to say, "Hey!"
Chandler: Okay. (He walks away disgusted with himself.)
Chandler: (entering) Okay. You were right. I'm in love with Joey's girlfriend.
Chandler: I don't know. I can't--I just, I can't get her out of my head. Y'know? I mean, I'm a very bad person. I'm a very, very bad person. I'm a horrible person. (he waits for a reaction, when he doesn't get one) No you're not Chandler! We still love you Chandler!
Chandler: Really?!
Chandler: (laughs) Right in there!
Chandler: 99...100! Ready or not, here I come! (He opens his eyes and sees that the chick and the duck are still sitting in front of him) All right, let's go over the concept one more time.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Ohh, umm, y'know what, I already ate.
Chandler: Y'know I had a big meal on Monday, y'know. So that's just gonna get me straight through the week.
Chandler: You-you do?
Chandler: You got me.
Chandler: Yeah. Right.
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Ohh, she's-she's not really my type.
Chandler: Y'know what I think it is? It's the fishnet stockings. Y'know? Whenever I see a girl in fishnet stockings it reminds me of my father in fishnet stockings.
Chandler: Uhh, no-no thanks.
Chandler: Listen, I-I'm gonna grab a beer. (Leaves)
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Hey, look, what do you want from me?
Chandler: I am pretending.
Chandler: Okay, what do you saw I go over there and say how much I like her? (Joey gives him a thumbs up) No-no it'll be good, I can tell her much I've been thinking about her. That I haven't stopped thinking about her since the moment I met her. That I'm so fantastically, over-the-top, wanna-slit-my-own-throat in love with her, that for every minute of every hour of every day I can't believe my own damn bad luck that you met her first!!
Chandler: Can I sleep on your couch?
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler: 
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler: (entering in a bathrobe) I just walked in the bathroom and saw Kathy naked! It was like torture!
Chandler: It just keeps getting worse and worse! Y'know? I mean it’s bad enough that I’m in love with my roommates girlfriend—which by the way, I think she knows. Because every time we’re in the room together there’s this weird like energy between us. And call me crazy, but I think she likes me too. And now I have seen her naked. I mean at least when I’ve seen her with clothes on, I could imagine her body was like covered in boles or something. But there are no boles, she’s smooth! Smooth! (leaves)
Chandler: (rushing up) Hey-Hey-Hey! Who was that?
Chandler: Goin’ out, huh? Wow! Wow! (Does a little celebration dance) So things didn’t work out with Kathy, huh? Bummer.
Chandler: (shocked) What?
Chandler: Wait! You’re going out with Kathy!
Chandler: Well, I’m upset—for you. I mean, having sex with an endless line of beautiful women must be very unfulfilling for you. (He can’t believe he just sad that.)
Chandler: Look, Joey, Kathy is clearly not fulfilling your emotional needs. But Casey, I mean granted I only saw the back of her head, but I got this sense that she’s-she’s smart, and funny, and gets you.
Chandler: All right look, I think it’s time for you to settle down. Y'know? Make a choice, pick a lane.
Chandler: All right! Bring it on, you…
Chandler: (interrupting) Oh my God! Play!
Chandler: Really, bitchin’!
Chandler: You mean like, music?
Chandler: Yeah, I know what you’re thinkin’! Yes, yes, your breasts are just as firm and juicy.
Chandler: Come in!
Chandler: Uh yes, but uh, I just watch it for the articles.
Chandler: No-no, he’s not back yet, but he’ll be here any minute. So uh, come on in. Have a seat. Bow or stern?
Chandler: I like it in the stern. (Realizes what he just said.) …of the boat. (The phone rings, and he answers it.) (on phone) Hello.
Chandler: What happened?
Chandler: Why can’t you tell her?
Chandler: Joey! Joey!!
Chandler: I thought your time ran out.
Chandler: (to Kathy) Uhh, that was Joey. He’s running a little late, he says he’s sorry.
Chandler: So I guess it’s just uh, you and me then.
Chandler: Yeah, I think it is!
Chandler: Oh, I had an appointment to get my haircut…
Chandler: …and then it got canceled.
Chandler: Really?! You do that?
Chandler: Dog grooming huh? Okay, just don’t make my tail too poofy.
Chandler: Well, thanks. I grow it myself. (Kathy is running her fingers through his hair, and Chandler catches himself enjoying it too much.) Y’know who also has great hair is Joey!
Chandler: What-what ‘cha doin’?
Chandler: ‘Kay.
Chandler: (jumping up to answer the phone) Oh the phone! The phone’s making sounds! (On phone) Hello!
Chandler: Hey it’s Joey!
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Oh yeah man. (to Kathy) Joey. (Hands her the phone.)
Chandler: Yeah. Yes! Yeah. 
Chandler: Oh. 
Chandler: No-no-no-no, this is bad! It’s bad! This is bad!
Chandler: Wait the uh, the kiss or the situation?
Chandler: Okay!
Chandler: Ooh! Yes! Okay! Here’s what we do, we-we forget it happened.
Chandler: Okay, we-we swallow our feelings. Even if it means we’re unhappy forever. Sound good?
Chandler: I have to; he’s my best friend, and you’re seeing him.
Chandler: (interrupting) Oh-no-no-no! Don’t! Don’t! See-see, you’re getting me confused, I’m starting to urn. 
Chandler: I-I think we have too.
Chandler: Bye. (Kathy leaves and Chandler wonders over to and leans up against the door.) Are you still out there?
Chandler: Hang on buddy! (He goes over and unlocks the door and opens it to reveal a fully furnished apartment.)
Chandler: I sure did.
Chandler: Well, I just thought it’d make me feel good to do something nice for my friend.
Chandler: Oh no-no-no. This is amazing. (He goes over and presses a button on a remote control that opens the entertainment center doors revealing the TV.)
Chandler: Well, y’know I’m 29. I mean who needs a savings account.
Chandler: Oh, I don’t know.
Chandler: You mean with Casey.
Chandler: Or Casey.
Chandler: Could be Casey.
Chandler: Consider Casey.
Chandler: That all the pieces of my life are falling right into place!
Chandler: I kissed Kathy.
Chandler: No. Is there anyway, anyway you think he’ll understand this?
Chandler: Oh, don’t say that! Don’t say that. That’s not true. Is it?
Chandler: Then why didn’t you tell me to do that?!!
Chandler: God!! (Sits down in disgust.) What am I gonna do?!
Chandler: Why?! Why do I have to tell him?!
Chandler: Yeah, I know.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Is that a real thing?
Chandler: Listen ah, Joe, I-I need to, I need to talk to you about something.
Chandler: It’s-it’s about Kathy. Umm, uh, I like her. I like her a lot actually.
Chandler: Yeah.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Oh uh, when?
Chandler: Oh man, I am so sorry. Are, are you okay?
Chandler: Yes, but I-I uh, don’t have too.
Chandler: Yeah?
Chandler: Well, I thought that would be the best thing to do.
Chandler: See uh, that’s-that’s actually what I wanted to talk to you about. I-I think I know who the other guy is.
Chandler: It’s me. I’m the other guy.
Chandler: Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and…
Chandler: No! No! No! I just kissed her.
Chandler: How is that worse?!
Chandler: Look, I’m sorry! But there’s nothing I can do, I think I’m in love with her!
Chandler: You’re right, I have no excuses! I was totally over the line.
Chandler: Yes. Yes! Right! And I feel horrible. You have to believe me!
Chandler: Probably because…
Chandler: (on phone) Hey, it’s me. I know you can’t stand to be in the same room as me, so I just thought I’d try and apologize over the phone. All I… (Joey hangs up the phone in disgust.)
Chandler: Look I never should have kissed your girlfriend, but I’m… (Joey hangs up the phone again.)
Chandler: (entering) Aww, turkey! Aww, giving thanks! Aww!
Chandler: They couldn’t be worse. I spent eight hours calling him last night, just trying to get him to talk to me.
Chandler: Hey, by any chance did either of pick uh Rachel for your secret Santa, ‘cause I wanna trade for her.
Chandler: Wow! Why do you want to get rid of her so badly?
Chandler: Oh that’s not true! That’s not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much she was crying the day when that big dog ran off with it… (notices the look on Monica and Phoebe’s faces.) Oh, there was no big dog. All right this sucks! I already got her this briefcase, and I had R.G. put on it… (Phoebe looks confused.) Her initials…
Chandler: Op, y'know what though, it’s kind’ve a girlie briefcase.
Chandler: Hey, what time is it? The big game is about to start!
Chandler: Thanks.
Chandler: Monica got ice in her eye, and it hurts.
Chandler: Well maybe you should put some ice on it.
Chandler: He’s really picky about his patients.
Chandler: (entering) All right! Okay! I think I am making some progress with Joey, when I went into the apartment he went straight into his bedroom but he only slammed the door once! (Ross is pleased.) I mean yeah, he gave me the finger while doing it.
Chandler: Oh y’know what, I was already trying to trade for ah, well, you.
Chandler: I don’t know R.G., I was thinking something girlie for your office.
Chandler: Oh no-no-no, you don’t want to do that, then you’re gonna get stuck with Rachel and she exchanges every gift she ever gets.
Chandler: Like?
Chandler: When was the last time you saw her wear it?
Chandler: Big dog?
Chandler: I walk into a room and he won’t even talk to me, he just mumbles something in Italian. And I know he only knows the bad words.
Chandler: Hey Joe.
Chandler: Hey! I’m sorry! That—(sees that Joey is about to leave) where are you going?
Chandler: Oh, uh, when-when are you coming back?
Chandler: What?!
Chandler: Hey, look, what do you want me to say? Do you want me to say that I’ll stop seeing her?
Chandler: Hey, look, I know what it is to be a friend, I just-I just screwed up!
Chandler: All right look, if you’re not gonna stay for me, then at least stay for them! Okay, they have had a very difficult year! What with the robbery and all!
Chandler: What?
Chandler: All right, wait! Come on! Just wait one second! There has to be something that I can do! Something! If we still had that entertainment unit I would get in it for six hours and think about how I let you down. (Joey looks intrigued) What?
Chandler: (He is now in the box, in their living room.) Sounds like a really bad idea to me.
Chandler: The meaning of the box is three fold. One (holds a finger up through the air hole), it gives me the time to think about what I did. Two (holds up another finger), it proves how much I care about my friendship with Joey. And three (holds up a third finger), it hurts!
Chandler: Air hole! Air hole!! (Ross retracts his hand quickly.)
Chandler: How do ya do.
Chandler: What happened? What happened?!
Chandler: Gotcha! (laughs)
Chandler: Sorry!
Chandler: Okay, okay, you got it!
Chandler: You can’t tell, but I’m trying to break the tension by mooning you guys!
Chandler: You’re right, and I’m sorry! This means a lot to me! I want you to be my friend again! I swear, I won’t say another word tonight.
Chandler: Absolutely!
Chandler: So?
Chandler: Yeah?
Chandler: Man, this is… 
Chandler: Our eyes are closed and we’re about to cross the street. Very good.
Chandler: (entering) Hey, you guys! Hey, Ross, quick question for ya. Are you ready to party?
Chandler: No-no, I don’t think you heard me. Are you ready to party?!
Chandler: Kathy’s with her parents, I have nothing to do, so tomorrow we are partying with Gandolf dude!
Chandler: I’m gonna call and get off work tomorrow!
Chandler: This is gonna be soo cool, dude, we never party anymore!
Chandler: Oh man! I am so excited—I may vomit!
Chandler: Look you don’t understand, Gandolf is amazing. Y’know you’re never know what’s gonna end up happening, you go out for a couple of beers and end up on a fishing boat to Nova Scotia! 
Chandler: Oh yeah, it’s beautiful country up there.
Chandler: It’s not gonna be exactly like last time.
Chandler: Whoa-wh-wh-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa!
Chandler: (answering it) Hello. (listens) (to Ross) It’s Gandolf!!! (on phone) So, are you in town? (listens) (disappointed) Oh, well, well maybe next time then. (Hangs up)
Chandler: He’s not gonna make it, he’s stuck in Chicago.
Chandler: Stupid, useless Canadian money!
Chandler: Yeah, and I-I gave first names to all of the foosball players.
Chandler: Oh-no, y’know with Gandolf we’d be out all night!
Chandler: And may-maybe we could end up on a boat again?
Chandler: All right!!
Chandler: Remember that really cold morning, you woke up and those dogs were licking your face?
Chandler: Well, those were seals, man.
Chandler: Yeah, all right.
Chandler: Actually, me too.
Chandler: Actually, can I get some hot water with a little lemon? I think I strained my voice screaming in there. Does it have to be so loud?
Chandler: Y’know what? We’re not sad, we’re not sad, we’re just not 21 anymore. Y’know? I’m 29 years old, damnit! And I want to sit in a comfortable chair, and watch television and go to bed at a reasonable hour!
Chandler: Oh, yeah! How did you meet her?
Chandler: Were you so late because you were burring this woman?
Chandler: How can she be great if she’s from Poughkeepsie? (laughs, at they all look at him) That joke would’ve killed in Albany.
Chandler: Hey, look at this! (Holding a newspaper) They’re lighting the big Christmas tree tonight.
Chandler: All right, who keeps leaving old newspapers in the trash?! I really wanted to take Kathy to this, I can’t believe I missed it.
Chandler: Really?! I didn’t think girls ever just wanted a fling.
Chandler: Y’know what? There’s some nice guys at my office, do you want me to set you up?
Chandler: Well, I have a girlfriend, I’m-I’m happy. So, I no longer feel the need to go out of my way to stop others from being happy.
Chandler: Oh and Ross was like what? A lion tamer?
Chandler: Hey, you know what you can do? I remember reading about this director, I think it was Orson Wells, who at the beginning of the movie would hire somebody, just so he could fire them in front of everybody. Then they would all know, who’s boss.
Chandler: (he glares at him for a while) Yes.
Chandler: I say, Drew! Are you seeing anybody right now? (Drew looks at him) Og-ee-op, I’m not asking for me, I’m… I mean… No, I’m-I’m not gay, I’m not asking you out. I’m not-I’m not-I’m not gay!
Chandler: See my friend-my friend, Rachel, she wants to be set up.
Chandler: Oh, y’know what, that might be okay even if it was just kind of a fling, that might be all right with Rachel.
Chandler: (to Drew) Oh, by the way, that is her full name.
Chandler: Oh well, that’s uh, a little later than I uh, generally care to stay, but sure!
Chandler: Well, I don’t really know what that is, but let’s!!
Chandler: (entering) Hello, children!
Chandler: (to Rachel) Have I got the 50 guys for you!
Chandler: Oh yeah, I just showed this a picture of you and guys were throwing themselves at me! They’re buying me drinks! They’re giving me stuff! (to Joey) Knicks tonight?
Chandler: Wherever! I’ve got like 20!
Chandler: Y’know what, I’m gonna uh, play the field just a little more.
Chandler: Guys are signing over their 401-K’s to me?
Chandler: (pause) Yes. (to Rachel) Okay, there’s this one guy, Patrick, I think you’re gonna like him, he’s really nice, he’s funny, he’s a swimmer.
Chandler: Yes, and his father invented that magnetic strip on the back of credit cards.
Chandler: See, I’m not bad at this fixing up thing, huh?
Chandler: Oh, he works in the Fine Foods division.
Chandler: It’s a big company, I don’t—if you—I…
Chandler: Oh yeah! With who?
Chandler: Yeah.
Chandler: Hey, man!
Chandler: Well, like father, like son.
Chandler: Really?! I-I thought you weren’t looking for something serious? I thought you were looking for some kind of a fling.
Chandler: Ummmmmmmm, no.
Chandler: Why not?! I’d be thrilled if I heard that some hot girl was just looking to get—oh I see.
Chandler: (interrupting) Oh, y’know, y’know what Pheebs?
Chandler: I’m not Jewish, so…
Chandler: Bad dream?
Chandler: Oh yeah, then uh, what was Phoebe’s song about?
Chandler: Prague?
Chandler: I did! I absolutely did!
Chandler: I’m sure you’re right, but why?
Chandler: Oh, man. I’m sorry, I’m so-so sorry.
Chandler: I know! I know!
Chandler: Well, y’know, you’re-you’re gonna meet somebody! You’re a great catch! Y’know when I was telling all those guys about you, I didn’t have to lie once. (He sits down on the arm of her chair)
Chandler: Yeah! You graduated Magma Ku Laude, right?
Chandler: Oh, it doesn’t matter. (Kisses her on the top of her head.) Hey, y’know what, I’ve got two tickets to tonight’s Rangers game, you wanna come with me?
Chandler: Well, actually it’s a hockey team, so it’s angry Canadians with no teeth.
Chandler: Have you ever been with a woman?
Chandler: So there is no good time to ask that question.
Chandler: I don’t know, but Donald Trump wants his blue blazer black.
Chandler: Blue blazer back. He-he wants it back.
Chandler: Well, you-you know what I meant.
Chandler: So what job did you get Joe?
Chandler: You’re gonna be carrying their baby and give them a Sony Play Station?
Chandler: Oh, yeah, sure, it’s not mine anyway. It can with the pants.
Chandler: Yes. Right where?
Chandler: Yeah, you-you gotta love the talking.
Chandler: All right, we haven’t had sex yet. Okay, what’s the big deal? Y’know? This is special, and I want our love to grow until we move on to the next level.
Chandler: No, he’s right, I’m totally lying.
Chandler: Well, Kathy’s last boyfriend was Joey.
Chandler: No, I’m afraid I won’t be able to make love as well as him.
Chandler: Yes, and I was saying the actual words.
Chandler: We share a wall! So either he’s great in bed, or she just likes to agree with him a lot.
Chandler: Yeah?
Chandler: All right, all right, I’ll go sleep with my girlfriend. But I’m just doing it for you guys.
Chandler: Hi.
Chandler: Why is Phoebe singing to Carl Mulden?
Chandler: Yes, yes, we had the sex.
Chandler: It was fine, y’know? But she didn’t agree with me as strongly as she agreed with Joey. She was more like, "I see you point, I’m all right with it."
Chandler: Look, you have to help me! Okay? I mean, I know what to do with a woman, y’know, I know where everything goes, it’s always nice. But I need to know what makes it go from nice to, "My God! Somebody’s killing her in there!"
Chandler: Look, you don’t have to draw an actual wo—whoa! She’s hot!
Chandler: (shocked) There are seven?!
Chandler: (Points to one) That’s one?
Chandler: Oh, y’know-y’know what, I was looking at it upside down.
Chandler: That-that’s bad?
Chandler: Well you might if it were anything like 7!
Chandler: You!
Chandler: Well the vet seems to think that’s she’s becoming a rooster. (The rooster crows.) We’re getting a second opinion.
Chandler: Oh, I can uh, check that for ya.
Chandler: I can check that for ya.
Chandler: Well… we-we do. You can only eat Tic Tacks in even numbers.
Chandler: (to Rachel) And you… Ross, I believe, if you check Rachel’s bag you will find a half-eaten box of cookies in there.
Chandler: Okay, ten bucks says that we can name every item in that bag.
Chandler: (to Ross) Stop that now!
Chandler: Yes!
Chandler: Diet soda.
Chandler: Orange juice.
Chandler: Oh-oh, oh, oh-oh! (Whispers something in Joey’s ear.)
Chandler: I got it! Scotch… tape. (They’re right.)
Chandler: Well, we used there’s up last night making scary faces.
Chandler: All right! Ten buck! Fork it over! Cough it up! Pay the piper! Gimme it.
Chandler: Fears and Pet Peeves.
Chandler: His legs flail about as if independent of his body!
Chandler: She has a real name.
Chandler: Althea?! What are you doing?! 
Chandler: You're shooting with Althea?!
Chandler: Nice shooting!
Chandler: Actually, it’s Miss Chinandolor Bong.
Chandler: Unfortunately that is correct.
Chandler: I majored in lightning rounds. All right, we’re gonna destroy you.
Chandler: Well, I’m so confused as to what we’ve been doing so far…
Chandler: Say 200?
Chandler: (interrupting) All right, hold on! If you win, we give up the birds.
Chandler: But if we win, we get your apartment.
Chandler: Okay. (Starts jumping around.)
Chandler: Dangerous Liaisons.
Chandler: Oh! (Whispers something in Joey’s ear and then in Ross’s ear.)
Chandler: Fancy.
Chandler: Fancy guest.
Chandler: Thanks man.
Chandler: You can’t just call Monica’s room.
Chandler: Oh, I would never bet this apartment. It’s too nice.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Yeah, but I bet it works.
Chandler: Well believe it baby!
Chandler: I knew it!
Chandler: Cool, girl roommate.
Chandler: Would you all stop yelling in our apartment! You are ruining moving day for us!
Chandler: What?! What-what is it?!
Chandler: I can’t believe we live here!
Chandler: Okay, she is the star of the play. And she is my girlfriend! I get to have sex with the star of the play!
Chandler: I know!!
Chandler: Wow! She looks great. Doesn’t she?
Chandler: Is it just me, or can you actually see his abs through his overcoat?!
Chandler: Yeah, it’s like someone literally wrote down my worst nightmare and then charged me $32 to see it!
Chandler: I’m totally screwed. Okay, they are gonna be hot and heavy on stage every night, and then they’re gonna go to their cast parties and he’s gonna try to undermine me. Y'know it’ll be like, "So where’s your boyfriend, what’s-his-name, Chester?" And she’ll go, "No-no-no, it’s Chandler." And he’ll go, "Whatever. Ha-ha-ha-ha!"
Chandler: All right, look, look, what am I gonna do?
Chandler: Really?
Chandler: So uh, man, are you gonna go to the play with me tonight?
Chandler: Yeah, I know but…
Chandler: Okay, okay, but don’t worry, because we also have cereals, muffins, waffles, and, jams, jellies, and marmalades. Which I’m fairly certain are the same thing.
Chandler: I’m right! Right? There was like no chemistry between them. Before they had heat, and now there’s no heat! Now you know what this means, Joey told us what this means!
Chandler: Come on, it was like cousins having sex up there!
Chandler: Oh, I loved the play. You were great, and Nick ditto. Clearly you’re having sex with him.
Chandler: Oh come on, it was so obvious! There was no chemistry between you two!
Chandler: Y’know, I-I could see how this could happen, y'know you’re up there every night, you’re naked, touching, kissing.
Chandler: Well, you can understand, given how we started.
Chandler: Well, that is what happened, and I don’t even see you denying this!
Chandler: Yeah, well, don’t expect that to happen anytime soon!
Chandler: Steps! (He opens the door to his apartment to Ross and Joey looking at the new Playboy) Slut! (Ross and Joey quickly hide the Playboy behind their backs. Chandler wonders into the girl’s apartment.) You will all be very happy to hear that Kathy is sleeping with that guy!
Chandler: I confronted her, and she didn’t deny it! (Pause) I don’t live here! (Goes back into his apartment and they all follow him.)
Chandler: Well, I may be drunk, but I know what she said! Then I went over to Beefsteak Julie’s…
Chandler: Yes! See you and I have always been like—(motions that they think the same.)
Chandler: Did she call?
Chandler: All right, maybe I should call her.
Chandler: Well, yeah, but y'know, what-what if I was wrong?
Chandler: Well y'know, what if she didn’t actually sleep with the guy?
Chandler: She did not have to tell me, I saw the play, and there was no heat. Back me up here, Ross!
Chandler: That’s not backing me up! Look, you said with the off-stage and the heat, and the onstage and the oy heat.
Chandler: Oh my God!!
Chandler: Hey. I just, I just wanted to come over to-to say that I’m sorry. Y’know? I know I acted like the biggest idiot in the world, and I can completely understand why you were so upset.
Chandler: Yeah, I know, I-I wish I had too, but y’know I-I think this is a good thing. Y'know? ‘Cause we’ve had our first fight, and now we can move on. Y’know, I know for me—(Notices a pair of men’s pants on the chair.) Nick’s pants?
Chandler: Yeah. Well, I think our second fight is going to be a big one!
Chandler: Well, she wasn’t sleeping with him.
Chandler: She is now.
Chandler: I’m saying that she… is a devil woman! Y’know I mean you think you know someone and then they turn around and they sleep with Nick! Nick, with his rock hard pecs, and his giant man-nipples! I hate him, I hate her! Well, I don’t hate her, I love her. This is all my fault really.
Chandler: Because, I-I should’ve called! Y’know if I had just called her after our big, stupid fight, she never would’ve gone out with Nick, and they would’ve ended up in bed together. I threw her at his man nipples!
Chandler: You don’t have to stop having fun just because I’m here. Kathy didn’t cheat on all of you. (To Joey) Well, except you. (They hug and Chandler goes into the bathroom with the chick and duck following him.)
Chandler: (opening the bathroom door and kicking out the chick and duck) Would you give me one minute!! Please.
Chandler: Y’know, I can’t believe Kathy did this too me. I really, thought that she was the one. I tell you what, from now on I’m never getting out of this chair, ever! Okay? From now on, this chair is the one! You wanna what else is the one? My sweat pants!
Chandler: That’s right! Where are the guys? I’m ready to get drunk and see some strippers.
Chandler: They got a breakfast buffet.
Chandler: Ooh, let me talk to him!
Chandler: Well, can I just…
Chandler: She’s shhing me! It’s my phone and she’s shhing me!
Chandler: Ow!
Chandler: Maybe, she doesn’t hit him all the time. 
Chandler: Okay, I’m going to go stand over there. (Points and moves into the living room.)
Chandler: So y’know, uh, when’s he getting back?
Chandler: Y’know, I knew something like this was going to happen. (He starts to take off his pants, revealing that he is still wearing his sweat pants.)
Chandler: Yes you can. You’re thinking about time, you can’t go back in time.
Chandler: (laughs) No you can’t.
Chandler: You don’t want to be guys, you’d be all hairy and wouldn’t live as long. (Starts to go to his bedroom)
Chandler: Okay. (Starts to cry)
Chandler: No thanks, Mom!
Chandler: Ahh, come on! Y’know what—y’know what, I think I’m just gonna go home and call Kathy.
Chandler: No! That was a test! In a couple of hours I’m gonna get really drunk and wanna call Kathy and you guys are gonna have to stop me! And then after that, I’m gonna get so drunk, I’m gonna wanna call Janice
Chandler: Ohhh!!
Chandler: Oh yeah, that was great. Thanks to you, the hottest cocktail waitress there is quitting to teach the third grade!
Chandler: All right, well I’m gonna put my sweats back on.
Chandler: Yeah?
Chandler: Stripping!
Chandler: Okay, look, I’m gonna have to ask you all to leave.
Chandler: Look, forget it. We tried, but Phase Three is a lost cause, Okay? Those strippers were insanely hot, and I couldn’t picture myself with any of them. (Sits back in disgust.)
Chandler: (jumping up) Phase Three! I just achieved Phase Three!
Chandler: I am totally picturing you with all those women!
Chandler: Well, I’m there too!
Chandler: Stop it! You’re killing me! I think I just moved on to Phase Four!
Chandler: Where I don’t want to have a relationship ever! I just want to have sex with strippers and my friends!!
Chandler: Come on, let me see that smile.
Chandler: Please?
Chandler: I know, I know, but you’re gonna have plenty of chances. There are literally thousands of women out there just waiting to screw me over.
Chandler: All right ladies, here’s what we’re gonna do. (Points to a stripper.) You are gonna take off my clothes. (To another two strippers) You two, go get the oils. (To another stripper) And you just constantly scream at the top of your voice, "Chandler’s the king! Chandler’s the king!"
Chandler: Oh, that’s fine! Go with your instincts, go with your instincts.
Chandler: Come on! Would you please pay attention, I could wake up at any moment!
Chandler: What do you want from me, I’ve never met the guy. So anyway, Rachel, I’m sorry you can’t stay, (Rachel is upset about leaving the orgy with the cigarette guy.) but the rest of us have a lot of work to do. (The cigarette guy starts rubbing Chandler’s back.) What are you doing? (The guy just nods) All right, listen, I’ve got to wake up!
Chandler: Y'know, I can't believe I'm getting my nails done!  And you said it was gonna be fun! (pause) Which it kinda is.  Also, you said there would be other guys here. There are no other guys here!
Chandler: That’s a mailman! That’s our mailman! (Waves to the mailman) (Sarcastic) Hi. How are ya?
Chandler: Hey, you know who used to have nails like that?
Chandler: (entering, with Janice in tow) Hello!
Chandler: Isn’t this amazing? 
Chandler: Okay. Bye.
Chandler: Bye.
Chandler: Bye.
Chandler: B-bye!
Chandler: Bye. (Finally closes the door on her.) (After it’s closed) I can’t stand the woman! (Phoebe is shocked, Joey is relieved.)
Chandler: Yeah, I know, but all of those little annoying things she did before we fell in love? Like her voice, her laugh, her personality—Well, they’re all back! Y’know? And she’s picked up like nine new ones!
Chandler: Don’t worry about it. I’m taking care of it tonight. (Chandler opens the fridge and grabs something to drink.)
Chandler: (standing in the door of the fridge) Well, I don’t have to break up with her this time. We’re not involved! I’m going to do a pre-emptive strike! I’m going to end it with her before it starts. My ass is like frozen! (Closes the fridge.) 
Chandler: Yes, I-I know that you do, but I think one of the reasons people were complaining though, was that they paid to hear the actor sing Old Man River.
Chandler: (laughs) Okay, we have to talk. I’m just getting out of a very serious relationship…
Chandler: Right! I just think that this is happening too soon.
Chandler: I hear ya. (Pause) But! Unfortunately, my company is transferring me overseas!
Chandler: No! No! Not, Paris. 
Chandler: Okay, could you just stop talking for a second? (Thinks) Yemen. That’s right, yes, I’m being transferred to Yemen!
Chandler: I don’t know exactly.
Chandler: But I do know that it’s some time tomorrow.
Chandler: Y’know uh, you didn’t really have to help me pack.
Chandler: Well, I-I thought I did but, I-I guess I did not!
Chandler: Oh, I’m packing. Y’know I’m-I’m packing ‘cause I’m moving to Yemen tomorrow.
Chandler: I’m only going to pretend I’m moving to Yemen, it’s the only way I can get rid off her.
Chandler: (to Janice) Okay. (to Joey) Joey, trade lives with me!
Chandler: (from his bedroom) Thanks!
Chandler: Y’know you, really didn’t have to take me to the airport.
Chandler: Well, we’re really not that close. (Pause) Okay, so I guess this is uh, good-bye then.
Chandler: Okay. Then I guess it’s just, wait here then. (Hands her the sign that says, Wait Here.") (To the ticket agent) Hi. I need one fake ticket to Yemen.
Chandler: Oh no-no-no, no. No, no, no, I just, I just need a pretend ticket.
Chandler: What would you give to a kid if he wanted a ticket to play with?
Chandler: No. All right, y’know what, she’s (Points to Janice) gonna think that I’m handing you a credit card, but what I’m really gonna do is hand you a library card.
Chandler: (to the ticket agent) American Express?
Chandler: Well, I-I guess I gotta go.
Chandler: Well, just until we find an energy source to replace fuel.
Chandler: Okay, good-bye. Good-bye. 
Chandler: No!
Chandler: Janice! There you are! There you are! I had to have one last kiss, and also-also you said that you were going to leave right after I got on the plane!
Chandler: Well, I then guess I’m going to Yemen! I’m going to Yemen! (To this old woman also going to Yemen.) When we get to Yemen, can I stay with you?
Chandler: Wow! Pregnancy does give you some weird cravings.
Chandler: What are you writing?
Chandler: Oh yeah? (He grabs the pad and starts reading it.) Joshua, give me a call sometime, guys like you (Pause) never go out of style—what did you throw away?
Chandler: Hi guys!
Chandler: Without me?!
Chandler: Yes, but in Ross’s case, they both know in two weeks that’s it.
Chandler: Maybe that’s because soy-burgers suck!
Chandler: What are you talking about?
Chandler: Why are you in here if Joshua is all the way over there? (Points to the living room.)
Chandler: Like what?
Chandler: I said, "Like what?"
Chandler: Does for me.
Chandler: Flashdance.
Chandler: She was a welder.
Chandler: What are the odds? What are the odds?
Chandler: Okay. 
Chandler: There’s a Phoebe on my sandwich! (He walks away, giving the sandwich to Phoebe.)
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Oh-ho, yeah!
Chandler: Treeger’s snaking the shower drain.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Do we pay for this?
Chandler: Maybe we shouldn’t pay our phone bill—free phone sex.
Chandler: Yeah, Joey just pressed something on the remote and it just, came on!
Chandler: Like finding money with naked people on it!
Joey and Chandler:
Chandler: We don’t know what could make this go away.
Chandler: And no one touches the air around the TV!
Joey and Chandler:
Chandler: We still have porn.
Chandler: Or a job where you don’t have to carry a table.
Chandler: It’s the theme from Good Will Humping.
Chandler: Oh-oh, yeah, and did he also say that ah, some of the dialogue was corny and that he actually found it was funny and not sexy?
Chandler: They don’t really talk to us about that kind of stuff. I can get you some free white out though.
Chandler: Whoa-whoa, wait a minute, did you say, you love her?
Chandler: All right look, forget it, forget it. You told her you love her, it’s over.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Okay. (Pause) Good one.
Chandler: Hi! Listen, can we watch cartoons on your television? We need a porn break. We spent the last two hours watching In &amp; Out &amp; In, Again.
Chandler: Because then we would be the guys who turned off free porn.
Chandler: Pregnant Woman Slays Four?
Chandler: What’s the second part of your plan?
Chandler: You put your fist through the wall?
Chandler: A place where no one will ever get out alive?
Chandler: Are we in London?
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: I was just at the bank, and there was this really hot teller, and she didn’t ask me to go do it with her in the vault.
Chandler: What, no, "Nice apartment, I bet the bedrooms are huge?"
Chandler: Y’know what, we have to turn off the porn.
Chandler: All right, ready?
Chandler: Two.
Chandler: Yeah, that’s kinda a relief.
Chandler: You wanna see if we still have it?
Chandler: FREE PORN!!!
Chandler: We have free porn here!!!
Chandler: Hey! Wow, it is true what they say, pregnant bellies look like a drum.
Chandler: All right.
Chandler: Wouldn’t that be Frank the III?
Chandler: Hey! Do we have a baby name yet?
Chandler: Well, it certainly worked for that Valdez kid.
Chandler: Hey, y’know what, if you’re gonna do that, if you’re gonna name him Joey, you should name him Chandler. (Phoebe doesn’t think so.) Oh, come on! Chandler’s funny, sophisticated, and he’s very loveable, once you get to know him.
Chandler: Well, Chandler will be there for you too. I mean, well, he might be a little late, but-but, he’ll be there. And he’ll bring you some cold soda, if want you need him for is that you’re really hot.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: And now you’re giving me the message!
Chandler: You actually think that something can happen between Emily and Susan?
Chandler: Hi! Hi! You’re crazy! Okay? This is Emily. Emily is straight.
Chandler: Raymond Chandler.
Chandler: Okay, there are no famous Joey’s. Except for, huh, Joey Buttafucco.
Chandler: Okay, look, Joey! Come on, think about it, first of all, he’ll never be President. There’s never gonna be a President Joey.
Chandler: Wow, you’re, you’re right. I have a horrible, horrible name.
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: No, no, you’re right, it is a ridiculous name!
Chandler: Yes it is! From now on, I have no first name.
Chandler: I have no name.
Chandler: Okay uh, for now, temporarily, you can call me, Clint.
Chandler: Okay, so what name am I cool enough to pull off?
Chandler: It’s Clint. It’s Clint! (He heads for his bedroom.)
Chandler: It’s Clint! Clint!
Chandler: (entering) Okay. Okay. All right. Help! Am I a Mark, or a John?
Chandler: All right look, am I serious, okay? Tomorrow at 3:30 I am going down to the courthouse.
Chandler: Hey, look, this name has been holding me back my entire life. Okay, it’s probably why kids picked on me in school, and why I never do well with women… So, as of 4 o’clock tomorrow, I’m either gonna be Mark Johnson or John Markson.
Chandler: (pleased) Really?!
Chandler: Okay. Thanks.
Chandler: You wanna hug it out?
Chandler: Yay! 
Chandler: Okay!
Chandler: Bye, Pheebs!
Chandler: Ha! Ha! Ha!
Chandler: Ho! Ho! Ho!
Chandler: Your pants!
Chandler: Santa pants. (Phoebe still doesn’t get it.) Santa Claus’s pants.
Chandler: Uhh, a T-shirt that says, "I don’t belong here."
Chandler: Yeah we do!
Chandler: Are you serious?
Chandler: Forget it! Okay, I’m not giving up my bachelor pad for some basketball seats!
Chandler: No. But uh, Joey has, and I usually talk to them in the morning time.
Chandler: (ignoring him) Yes, Gunther, can I get two cups of chino, please?
Chandler: Forget it! Okay, I’m not giving up the apartment.
Chandler: Oh my God!
Chandler: You do know that Wham broke up?
Chandler: Where is Emily?
Chandler: Man, didn’t she like just get here?
Chandler: Easy tiger.
Chandler: So what are you going to do?
Chandler: Are you serious?
Chandler: Because you’ve only known her for six weeks! Okay, I’ve got a carton of milk in my fridge I’ve had a longer relationship with!
Chandler: And I love the milk! But, I’m not gonna some British girl to move in with me! (Realizes that made no sense.) Joey, you say things now.
Chandler: Okay, no problem, just remember to wake us up before you go-go.
Chandler: No thank you.
Chandler: Look, I want those basketball seats as much as you do! Okay, but we can’t leave in the small apartment after we’ve lived here! Didn’t you ever read Flowers for Algernon?
Chandler: Look, the only way I will even consider this is if they offer a lot more than just season seats.
Chandler: Screw the Knicks!
Chandler: I didn’t mean that. I just meant that the apartment is worth so much more.
Chandler: And the Knicks rule all.
Chandler: No. No. We’re not gonna do that, y’know why? Because its not an even trade.
Chandler: No!
Chandler: Op, op, I’m convinced!
Chandler: All right, but you can’t use that again for a whole year. I’m in.
Chandler: Okay!
Chandler: Fine, let’s do it.
Chandler: Okay, you guys uh, you guys pick first
Chandler: That’s a low one!
Chandler: Why are you screaming and hugging?
Chandler: Yeah baby!
Chandler: Tickets please! (Rachel hands over the tickets) That’s courtside baby!
Chandler: No they didn’t!
Chandler: Those were like the best seats ever.
Chandler: Oh yeah, that’s very nice. Plus, y’know they were free and they’re too small.
Chandler: Oh. Oh, God! (He starts running around like a chicken with his head cut off.)
Chandler: I KNOW!!!
Chandler: Open up! Open up! Open up!
Chandler: What the hell is going on?!
Chandler: We are switching back, right now!
Chandler: Well, you’re gonna have to leave sometime, because you both have jobs, and as soon as you do, we’re switching it back! There’s nothing you can do to stop us! Right, Joe?
Chandler: What?
Chandler: I don’t care, this is our apartment! And they stole—you stole it—our apartment, and we won that apartment fair and square, twice! And I am getting it back right now. I’m getting back right now!
Chandler: Oh no-no-no, no more offers. You can’t offer anything to us!
Chandler: Totally worth it!
Chandler: Good night.
Chandler: Okay!
Chandler: Oh, well, that’s great!
Chandler: Are you kidding me?! Joey. Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey!!
Chandler: Oh. Oh, did-did-did I wake you?
Chandler: Gunther, can I get another cup of coffee, please? (Gunther starts to pour him another cup.) So uh, what do you do when you’re not working here?
Chandler: Oh, okay, thanks. (He goes back to the couch and rejoins Monica, Joey, and Phoebe.)
Chandler: Well, I am drinking lots of cups of coffee because I’m exhausted! Because Joey started snoring!
Chandler: It’s not something to be proud of, okay? You have to go to a sleep clinic!
Chandler: They don’t have those.
Chandler: Next time you snore, I’m rolling ya over!
Chandler: Hey, all right!
Chandler: Oh, she’s got you running errands, y’know, picking up wedding dresses… (Laughs and makes like Indiana Jones and his whip) Wah-pah!
Chandler: Y’know, whipped! Wah-pah!
Chandler: That’s what I did. Wah-pah!
Chandler: All right buddy, time to roll over. (Rolls him over, and discovers a surprise) (Looking down) No-no! (Covers his eyes) No, no-n-n-n-no!! You are going to a clinic! You’re going to a clinic, and a pyjama store!
Chandler: It’s 6:00.
Chandler: Hey, I hear that you and Joshua are going out to dinner with Ross and Emily, and I think that’s, I think that’s really cool.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Yeah, well, I don’t dance at weddings.
Chandler: Because weddings are a great place to meet women, and when I dance, I look like this… (Starts to dancing really, really, really badly. Ross enters behind him and he stops.)
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Nothing.
Joey and Chandler:
Chandler: (answering for him) Yes he did.
Chandler: (waking Joey) Hey, check out that girl! She is really hot!
Chandler: You’re coming on to the entire room! (He goes over to pick up a stack of magazines next to her, and to get her attention, he throws them back down.) I’m Chandler.
Chandler: Hi.
Chandler: You mind if I…
Chandler: So uh, what are you in for?
Chandler: What a coincidence, I listen in my sleep.
Chandler: (entering) Hello! Little ones.
Chandler: Yep! And! A beautiful woman agreed to go out with me. (They’re stunned.) Joey wanted to ask her out, but uh, she picked me.
Chandler: Because I’m cooler.
Chandler: Well she’s, she’s the kinda girl—Joey was unconscious. 
Chandler: Plus, you look cool.
Chandler: Y’know what? It seems like all of the sudden; so much has happened.
Chandler: Phoebe is, making people.
Chandler: And we just sit here. I mean if I die the only way people would even know I was here, would be by the ass print on this chair! Look, we have to do something. Okay? Something huge!
Chandler: No-no, not something stupid, something huge.
Chandler: Why not?! I mean it’s just, it’s just climbing! It’s just, it’s just steep!
Chandler: We’re going to Everest! Okay, it would be nice to leave an ass print on Everest!
Chandler: Yeah baby!
Chandler: (dejected) Yeah, well…
Chandler: Yeah, we could do that without y’know risking our lives at all!
Chandler: (dejected) Oh, well…
Chandler: Yeeeeahhhh.
Chandler: But I’ll tell you something. One of these days we’re get off of our buts and rent Die Hard again!
Chandler: And I just want a million dollars! (He extends his hand hopefully.)
Chandler: Uh-oh.
Chandler: She was not good. Not good.
Chandler: Uh-oh.
Chandler: (entering) Hello!
Chandler: (sarcastic) Noo.
Chandler: I didn’t know that.
Chandler: See, maybe that’s the one we should’ve actually hidden.
Chandler: This isn’t one of those uh, y’know "If she doesn’t come, we-we don’t, we don’t come?" Right? Because I already bought my ticket…
Chandler: Oh, that's Ross's. 
Chandler: Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck?
Chandler: (stuttering incoherently) F-hah.... flennin....
Chandler: I KNEW IT!!!!
Chandler: Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you?
Chandler: All right, check it out. Check this out. It says here that there’s a place you can go to rent videos of all the museums! (Reading from the book.) "It’s almost as good as being there."
Chandler: Well, You could, but... probably just the one time.
Chandler: If we do that, we gotta get Die Hard.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: (shocked) Yes! Yes! A thousand times, yes!
Chandler: Oh, it’s awkward. It’s awkward. It’s awkward.
Chandler: You can be the best man when I get married.
Chandler: Oh no-no-no, you—yeah, of course you get to be my best man.
Chandler: I’m not even getting married! Okay, this is a question for science fiction writers!
Chandler: I’m not even… I’m not even…
Chandler: (entering) Hey guys, what are you doing?
Chandler: Yeah, well, good luck trying to top the last one.
Chandler: Oh, I’m Ross. I’m Ross. I’m too good for the Hut; I’m too good for the Hut.
Chandler: See ya. (Ross exits, and Chandler moves over next to Joey, laughing.) Have fun planning your mellow bachelor party.
Chandler: He just said, "No strippers."
Chandler: (banging a spoon against his beer bottle) Okay, a little announcement, a little announcement. I’ve decided that my best man is, my best friend Gunther!
Chandler: Central Perk?
Chandler: (banging on the bottle again) Okay, okay, a little announcement, I just want everyone to know that the position of my best man is still open! And uh, (to the stripper) so is the position of the bride.
Chandler: (opening the door) What?
Chandler: Ugh. Just a sec, give me a minute to wake up for this—Ah-ha-ha!! You lost the ring! You’re the worst best man ever!
Chandler: You slept with the stripper?
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: So you might say, the ring is irreplaceable? (Gives Joey a little squeeze.)
Chandler: So you might say, it’s a magic ring.
Chandler: Well, I think it all started when you said, "Hey Joey, why don’t you be my best man."
Chandler: Well, what if we just ah, called her, used a fake name, and had her come to my office?
Chandler: (to Ross) You be cool. (He opens the door and lets her in as they all turn there backs on her.)
Chandler: Way to be cool, man.
Chandler: Marry me. (Both Ross and Chandler hit him.)
Chandler: He will, Joe.
Chandler: Hey, come on, it’s not your fault.
Chandler: No, you should.
Chandler: Really?
Chandler: Thanks man.
Chandler: What a baby.
Chandler: Six-hour trip to London. That’s a lot of Monica.
Chandler: You got your passport?
Chandler: There it is.
Chandler: (entering, with Joey) All right! Let’s do it!
Chandler: Okay, ‘cause that’s not gonna get annoying.
Chandler: Hey, y’know what? I was wrong.
Chandler: Hey! (Trots over)
Chandler: Oh. (Goes and gets Phoebe’s book as Rachel comes in from her room.)
Chandler: (entering, with Phoebe’s book.) Here you go Phoebe! Here you go Phobo! Phewbedo! Phaybobo.
Chandler: I am, I’m ignoring you.
Chandler: Oh, what the hell is that?
Chandler: Okay, if you see a little version of me in there? Kill it!
Chandler: Okay. Listen-listen, we’re not gonna have to walk this way the entire time are we?
Chandler: I think it’s great. It’s great. Y’know, they’re thinking of changing the name of this place.
Chandler: To Put the Camera Away!!!
Chandler: Well, I don’t have to buy that, "I’m with stupid" T-shirt anymore.
Chandler: All right, look, you’re not really gonna buy that are you? Don’t you think you’ve embarrassed me enough for one day?
Chandler: How can I answer that when I’m pretending I don’t know you?
Chandler: Oh really? Then how come no one here is wearing them?
Chandler: All right, look, if you insist on wearing that, in public, y’know, you’re gonna spend the rest of the afternoon all by yourself.
Chandler: Okay, wait. All right, that’s it, okay, I’m out of here. I am not going to be embarrassed anymore! (He trips over a box, falls into a flower stand and walks away trying to be cool.)
Chandler: Hey. (He nods at the hat.)
Chandler: No-no-no, y’know what? I really shouldn’t have said that you were embarrassing me, I mean that really wasn’t cool. And if it makes you feel any better, I’ve had a really lousy day.
Chandler: Yeah?
Chandler: That’s… That’s was…
Chandler: How did you? How? How?
Chandler: I’m gonna go to the bathroom.
Chandler: That was pretty intense huh?
Chandler: (glares at him) I hope he did!
Chandler: Joey, it’s been three days, okay.. Your just a little homesick, Okay. Would you just try to relax. Just, just try to enjoy yourself.
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: It could’ve been worse, he could’ve shot her.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Oh wow, I hope you don’t take this the wrong way but, I know we had plans to meet up tonight and, ugh, I’m just kinda worried about what it might do to our friendship.
Chandler: Seven times!
Chandler: In a foreign, romantic country…
Chandler: Bad London! (Takes a spoon and smacks the turkey.)
Chandler: Well, I don’t see that we have a choice. But, when we’re back home, we don’t do it.
Chandler: Y’know, I saw a wine cellar downstairs…
Chandler: Okay! 
Chandler: Forget it, that’s off.
Chandler: The man’s got a point.
Chandler: Listen, in the middle of everything if I scream the word, "Yippee!" just ignore me.
Chandler: Oh, hello Rachel.
Chandler: Yes, we do. But, we have to change first.
Chandler: Yeah, we’ll be down in like five minutes.
Chandler: Oh, yay…
Chandler: (To Monica) Hey, listen, why don’t we go change in my room?
Chandler: Wow, you look…
Chandler: Well, I’ve got a girl in here.
Chandler: Well, we’re-we’re hanging out in here!
Chandler: Well, I suppose I’d have to say you!! But, what if we’re watching a movie in here?
Chandler: Well, Ross and Emily aren’t gonna use it.
Chandler: Oh Mon-Mon-Mon-Mon-look, this is the honeymoon suite. The room expects sex. The room would be disappointed if it didn’t get sex. All of the other honeymoon suites would think it was a loser.
Chandler: Okay!
Chandler: Nope, not under here!
Chandler: Well, you couldn’t have looked everywhere or else you would’ve found her!
Chandler: Yeah, for about 30 minutes.
Chandler: Wow, in 45 minutes you can find her twice. (Monica smiles at that.)
Chandler: Yeah, we’re gonna go.
Chandler: Yeah, it’s a very large plane.
Chandler: But, we’ll stay here with you.
Chandler: We have to leave for New York in an hour.
Chandler: We can’t do that that’s insane. I mean ‘A’ he could wake up and ‘B’ y’know, let’s go for it.
Chandler: Yeah, it kinda makes that-that one night special. (Realizes something) Y’know, technically we still are over international waters.
Chandler: ‘Kay!
Chandler: Uhh, no.
Chandler: No.
Chandler: Yes.
Chandler: Okay man. (Chandler starts to get up.)
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: No we didn’t!
Chandler: Yes! Good thing we have that, ‘Not in New York’ rule.
Chandler: Right.
Chandler: Oh. Y’know, that night meant a lot to me too, and it wasn’t because I was in a bad place or anything, it just meant a lot to me ‘cause, you’re really hot! Is that okay?
Chandler: And I’m cute too.
Chandler: Thank you! (They hug.) All right, I gotta go unpack.
Chandler: Bye. 
Chandler: (entering) I’m still on London time, does that count?
Chandler: Oh, good! (They start kissing.)
Chandler: Ehh, you're just liquored up.
Chandler: I've had a very long, hard day.
Chandler: Ahh, no thanks. No chicken, bye-bye then.
Chandler: For the last time no! Get out! Get out, Joey!
Chandler: Are you okay? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't leave. He kept asking me about chicken.
Chandler: Hey Joe!
Chandler: Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some cole slaw, some beans, and a Coke-(Yelps in 
Chandler: Hey, Pheebs!
Chandler: Uh, The Wheatsheaf.
Chandler: Ooh! Ahh, Pheebs, was gonna tell a story.
Chandler: I can't believe she can out run you man!
Chandler: Oh, Ross, when you make out card; be sure to make it out to, EM-I-LY.
Chandler: Oh that's not true.
Chandler: Okay, I gotta go to work.
Chandler: And uh, Rachel, glad to have you back. 
Chandler: Pheebs! (He goes over and kisses Phoebe, who is also stunned.) Always a pleasure. (And he struts out leaving the girls to stare at each other.)
Chandler: All right, y'know what, we've been talking about London too much haven't we?
Chandler: I got caught up and work, but I'm quitting tomorrow.
Chandler: So, thanks for having me over! Rach. (Goes over, grabs her, and kisses her.) Pheebs. (After a moment while he decides how to kiss her around her belly, grabs her and kisses her.)
Chandler: Well, I'm gonna go home and bask in the triumph of my Central Park idea. (Gets up to leave.)
Chandler: I was just trying to bring a little culture to the group.
Chandler: Hey, Pheebs!
Chandler: Okay, Pheebs, we decided the picnic idea was a little… Y'know, it didn't have any… It-it, well it blew. So, we thought, that this afternoon that we would all go away for the whole weekend to, Atlantic City!
Chandler: Atlantic City!
Chandler: Pheebs! We have to take you to the hospital now!
Chandler: I know, it's beautiful. Amazing.
Chandler: Y'know what else I can't believe? I had to kiss Phoebe and Rachel every time I left a room, I mean it's too bad they didn't see us having sex.
Chandler: No.
Chandler: Okay. (They kiss again.)
Chandler: That's right.
Chandler: Oh no.
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Hey! You okay?
Chandler: Did he just say, he loves Fonzie?
Chandler: All right…
Chandler: Yeah, that's when if you get the babies out by the end of the month, they give you 2% financing.
Chandler: Really? Male nurses?
Chandler: So they're going on dates? When?
Chandler: This-this Fonzie person you keep referring too, is that uh, is that another doctor?
Chandler: All right.
Chandler: (spotting her) Oh-hey-hey-hey! There you are!
Chandler: Oh, is this about you-you dating the nurse? Yeah, Joey already told me, and I am so-so fine. I mean, you and I we're just, y'know, we're nothing, we're goofin' around.
Chandler: Fine! Maybe I will too!
Chandler: So Dan, nurse not a doctor huh? Kinda girlie isn't it?
Chandler: Oh.
Chandler: Sure. (Pause) And listen, thanks for doing that for us, by the way. (Retreats in defeat.)
Chandler: (to another female nurse) Hey, how 'bout it? You, me, Saturday night?
Chandler: All right. Very good.
Chandler: Bye, momi-moo.
Chandler: Yes!
Chandler: Oh God, kindergarten flashback.
Chandler: Okay, keep saying it!
Chandler: So, are you really gonna go out with that nurse man?
Chandler: Y'know, I don't know if you've ever looked up the term goofing around in the dictionary… Well, I have, and the technical definition is, two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just wanna spend more time together. But if you have this new fangled dictionary that gets you made at me, then we have to, y'know, get you my original dictionary. I am so bad at this.
Chandler: Really? Okay, so…
Chandler: Y'know, I sensed that I should stop. So we're okay?
Chandler: Right!
Chandler: So uh, now that little Chandler turned out to be a girl, what are they gonna name her?
Chandler: That's kind of a masculine name, don't you think?
Chandler: (entering, happily, with a bottle of champagne, thinking that Monica is the only one there) Ha-ha-ha-(sees everyone)-enh-enh. I'm so glad you guys are all here! My office finally got wrinkle free fax paper!
Chandler: Oh no-no-no-no-no-no, vomit tux! No-no, vomit tux!
Chandler: Well y'know a lot of those Muppets don't have thumbs.
Chandler: Uhh, yeah. She uh, she uh, she uh might've mentioned him.
Chandler: Yeah, I don't think he's up to meeting everyone yet.
Chandler: Really?! That's what you heard? (To Monica) You said that?
Chandler: Because I'm very happy for him! (To Monica) And you, you lucky dog!
Chandler: Yes!
Chandler: (entering) Hey, Monica? Can I ask you a cooking question?
Chandler: If you're cooking on the stove, does that mean that your new secret boyfriend is better in bed than Richard?
Chandler: Why?! I mean if this guy was me and it was me who had learned that it was me who was the best you'd ever had, I'd be going like this. (He jumps up onto the table and starts doing his happy dance.)
Chandler: Yes!
Chandler: Well, you can't just not see Rachel anymore, she's one of your best friends.
Chandler: That's true!
Chandler: That's true!
Chandler: Hey, there he is! There he is!
Chandler: How many times have I told you guys, you never watch the cooking channel!
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Oh that was yours? Uh, yeah, we used it when the duck was throwing up caterpillars. 
Chandler: Expect it in 4-6 weeks. (She starts to leave.) Umm, hey, umm, Joey's gonna be at the telethon for the rest of the day, we have the whole place to ourselves.
Chandler: Well I just, thought maybe you'd wanna book some time with the best you'd ever had.
Chandler: Why?
Chandler: What's your point?
Chandler: (entering) Look, maybe I got carried away before. But there's something you gotta know. If I'm the best, it's only because you've made me the best.
Chandler: I mean I was nothing before you. Call the other girls and ask. Which wouldn't take long. But when I'm with you, and we're together, OH…MY…GOD.
Chandler: Oh-aw my God! Now, I understand if you never want to sleep with me again, but that would be wrong. We're too good! We owe it, to sex!
Chandler: Well, I was kinda hoping we could do this without him. (She starts to take off her latex gloves.) Oh no-no-no, leave the gloves on.
Chandler: Yeah, why don't we lose the gloves.
Chandler: All right, let's show them how it's done.
Chandler: Y'know that wasn't part of it?
Chandler: Nope.
Chandler: (quietly) Hi! (They both start kissing.)
Chandler: Uhh, 9. (He pushes the clock into the sink.)
Chandler: I know, me too. Hey! Y'know what if we went away for a whole weekend? Y'know we'd have no interruptions and we could be naked the entire time.
Chandler: Yeah, I can say that I have a conference and you can say you have a chef thing.
Chandler: Okay, y'know your not though. Let's go. (He starts for his bedroom.)
Chandler: I'm not in charge of where the conference is held. Do you want people to think it's a fake conference? It's a real conference.
Chandler: What's going on?
Chandler: Uh, hey!
Chandler: We're flipping Monica's mattress.
Chandler: Aww, man! (They go into Monica's room.)
Chandler: Oh yes, somebody just said, "Can you hear anything?"
Chandler: Condoms?
Chandler: And condoms are the way to do that?
Chandler: (jumping on the bed) I can't believe it! We're here!
Chandler: Oh, you should live with Joey, Roll-os everywhere.
Chandler: Oh yes! Monica, get in here! There's a high-speed car chase on!
Chandler: (looks at what she's holding and shies away) Oh dear God, they gave us glasses!
Chandler: Okay, but let's do it now though, because Chopper 5 just lost it's feed! (He grabs their bags and sprints out.)
Chandler: Okay, great. (He grabs the remote and turns on the TV to the chase.)
Chandler: Half a tank? We still got a lot of high-speed chasing to do!
Chandler: What? Why?
Chandler: Uh-huh. (He doesn't take his eyes off the TV.)
Chandler: (turning to face her) Yeah.
Chandler: I hear ya, Mugsy! But look, all these rooms are fine okay? Can you just pick one so I can watch-(realizes)-have a perfect, magical weekend together with you.
Chandler: (watching TV, in fact, ER is on.) Nothing! It's over! Dammit! This is regularly scheduled programming!
Chandler: Oh, I'm sorry, am I getting in the way of all the room switching fun?
Chandler: Oh, who should I blame? The nice bell man who had to drag out luggage to 10 different rooms?
Chandler: Do not speak ill of the dead.
Chandler: I just want to watch a little television. What is the big deal? Geez, relax mom.
Chandler: I said, "Geez, relax Monnnnn."
Chandler: Damn Rollos!
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: It was terrible. I fought with (Pause) my colleagues y'know, the entire time. Are you kidding with this? (Throws away another Rollo)
Chandler: Uh, no, I got to see Donald Trump waiting for an elevator.
Chandler: Well, maybe it was the kind of food that tasted good at first but then made everybody vomit and have diarrhea.
Chandler: Monica. (Follows her out.)
Chandler: Okay, fine, $300.
Chandler: Yeah, just think of it as $25 per room!
Chandler: Hi!
Chandler: Okay, Ross is in the bathroom.
Chandler: Kip, my old roommate, y'know we all used to hang out together.
Chandler: (entering) Hey!
Chandler: Yes that was mine.
Chandler: Yes that would have made more sense.
Chandler: (entering) Hey!
Chandler: I just came over to drop off…nothing. So that weekend kinda sucked, huh?
Chandler: So, I guess this is over.
Chandler: Well, y'know, you and me, it had to end sometime.
Chandler: Because of the weekend, we had a fight.
Chandler: So, this isn't over?
Chandler: Really? Okay. Great!
Chandler: (stops her) We're in a relationship?
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Joey, can I talk to you for a second? (He grabs him and starts to drag Joey into Monica's room.)
Chandler: Yes. Yes. (Lets him up.)
Chandler: It happened in London.
Chandler: The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
Chandler: No-no-no-no-no! You can't!
Chandler: Fun's over!
Chandler: Aren't you supposed to be at an audition for another hour?
Chandler: Sorry.
Chandler: Hello!
Chandler: Yeah, just some 9-year-old Filipino kids who worked their fingers bloody for 12 cents an hour. (Phoebe stares at him wide-eyed. Chandler sees her reaction.) That didn't happen, I made that up!
Chandler: Okay, but don't you think this is a little extreme?
Chandler: Yeah I know, we're losing Ross, Joey said hence…
Chandler: You're on in 5 Ms. Minnelli. 
Chandler: So you're really okay with this?
Chandler: Now that's so funny, because last Christmas I got the gift of space. We should get them together and make a continuum.
Chandler: Okay, what is in here? Rocks?
Chandler: So, rocks. 
Chandler: Look, we just think that maybe she's being a little unreasonable.
Chandler: Kind of? If you just kept this to yourself none of this would've happened.
Chandler: Well, I think it's very brave what you said.
Chandler: Pheebs, what are you doing with the coat? How about the whole animal rights thing?
Chandler: Uh, Ross?
Chandler: Yeah, we are so sorry.
Chandler: Hi!
Chandler: Oh yeah, there-there she is!
Chandler: Are you looking at naked tribe's women?
Chandler: That's a pig.
Chandler: Hey! (Joey quickly hides the magazine under the couch.)
Chandler: What?! 
Chandler: How can he do that? Didn't you sign a lease?
Chandler: Oh, yeah! Absolutely! Anything you need man! But you have to promise me the second you are feeling better so that we can make fun of your hair!
Chandler: He thought you said gonad.
Chandler: Love what you've done with the place.
Chandler: Oh yeah!
Chandler: Oh, the tears are real.
Chandler: What are you doing?
Chandler: You built a fort didn't ya?
Chandler: (notices something) Oh my God, the air purifier! Ross's air purifier! All I heard through 4 years of college was (makes a humming noise.)
Chandler: I hate this thing!
Chandler: (entering) Hello children!
Chandler: Okay. (Starts to head for where the foosball table usually is.)
Chandler: Bye-bye little puppet Joey hand?
Chandler: You mean this. (Does the maneuver perfectly.)
Chandler: (gasps) All right look, y'know, this maybe tough but come on, this is Ross! I survived college with him!
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: No-no-no-no!
Chandler: Okay, so he's out of here.
Chandler: Well, I-I-I'm done with this. You want anything Ross? Sports? International? Apartment listings?
Chandler: Not even on page 7?
Chandler: What about that circled one?
Chandler: Yes, it is.
Chandler: There we go!
Chandler: Let's go quicker.
Chandler: Yeah, well look at this kitchen, slash bathroom. Well that's great! Y'know so you can cook while in the tub.
Chandler: Yeah, you don't want to be stuck with us for the next five weeks.
Chandler: It's a kitchen slash bathroom.
Chandler: We are bad people.
Chandler: Yes that was a nice place!
Chandler: Not a lot of closet space, but he can just hang his stuff out the window in a bag!
Chandler: What are we gonna do?
Chandler: About Ross!
Chandler: (grabbing the phone) Of course he has this big huge dog! That uh, barks into the night. (Listens.) Well, who doesn't love dogs? (Thinks.) Ah, he's a tap dancer! (Listens.) Yes, some would say that is a lost art. (Thinks.) He's a pimp! (Listens.) There you go! Yes, he's a pimp. He's a big, tap dancing pimp! (Pause.) Hello? 
Chandler: Ohhhhh!
Chandler: 98. 99. 100. Okay, go!
Chandler: Here we go! Here we go!
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: You're kidding, no!
Chandler: Yeah!
Chandler: Yes! Ross, you have to stay!
Chandler: All right, buddy!
Chandler: Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?
Chandler: All right! (He joins them in the fort and comes up putting on a bonnet.) Isn't this a woman's hat?
Chandler: That's sweet, Joey.
Chandler: Are you aware that you're still talking?
Chandler: No-no-no! I am the king of bad Thanksgivings. You can't just swoop in here with your bad marriage and take that away from me.
Chandler: It's a tradition, like the parade. If the parade decided it was gay, moved out, and abandoned its entire family.
Chandler: Really? Worse than, "More turkey Mr. Chandler?"
Chandler: It's exactly like it sounds.
Chandler: Arghhhhhh!! (Joey turns around to taunt him, but Chandler is in the doorway and Joey is facing the kitchen.)
Chandler: I'm over here big guy.
Chandler: (laughing) You did look like an idiot.
Chandler: Oh, come on Monica, reliving past pain and getting depressed is what Thanksgiving is all about. Y'know, for me anyway. And of course, the Indians.
Chandler: (seeing her) Okay.
Chandler: Well, as long as the pilgrims didn't eat it, I'm in.
Chandler: Oh yeah, it was great. You should be a chef.
Chandler: Emotional Knapsack?
Chandler: Right on! Oh! Uh, but, don’t take to long okay? 'Cause uh, we're gonna test out our fake ID's tonight, right Clifford Alverez.
Chandler: Dude, don't do that too me!
Chandler: No, it's not that, I just don't want to be stuck here all night with your fat sister.
Chandler: I called you fat?! I don't even remember that!
Chandler: I am so sorry. I really am. I was an idiot back then. I rushed the stage at a Wham concert for crying out loud!
Chandler: I am really sorry. That is so terrible. I am so, so sorry.
Chandler: We wanna hear Monica's Thanksgiving story!
Chandler: Yeah, we were just talking about that. I can't believe how stupid we used to look. (They both quickly push their sleeves over their elbows.)
Chandler: Oh my God!
Chandler: You just, you look so different! Terrific! That dress! That body!
Chandler: Sorry!
Chandler: Sorry.
Chandler: Monica, I was wondering if you can make me some of that righteous mac and cheese like last year.
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Are you all right?
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Without my toe?! I need my toe!
Chandler: That's why I lost my toe?! Because I called you fat?!
Chandler: That's why for an entire year people called me Sir Limps-A-Lot?!
Chandler: Yeah, well, I miss the tip! It's the best part. It has the nail. (He storms out.)
Chandler: I can't believe this.
Chandler: Yeah, well, sorry doesn’t bring back the little piggy that cried all the way home! I hate this stupid day! And everything about it! I'll see you later.
Chandler: Yeah, just leave me alone for a while. (He goes into his apartment.)
Chandler: Oh-oh, I'm a duck! I go, "Quack, quack!" I’m happy all the time!
Chandler: Nice try.
Chandler: Look, Monica…
Chandler: This is not going to work.
Chandler: You are so great! I love you!
Chandler: Nothing! I said, I said "You're so great" and then I just, I just stopped talking!
Chandler: No I didn't!
Chandler: No I didn't!
Chandler: No I don't! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it!
Chandler: Top of the world? Dock of the bay? (He tries to think of another but can't) I'm out.
Chandler: Well, they're Joey's! They gotta be Joey's!
Chandler: See? They're Joey's! J-J-J-J-J-Joey's!
Chandler: Yeah!
Chandler: (interrupting him) All this lying has been hard on us too.
Chandler: Well, yeah actually.
Chandler: I know it sounds really weird, but we're just so bad at relationships.
Chandler: Help!
Chandler: Hi, Pheebs!
Chandler: I didn't know you were taking a class. That is so cool.
Chandler: Well, what did the police say?
Chandler: Ross, it's just a sandwich!
Chandler: (reading) Knock-knock. Who's there? Ross Geller's lunch. Ross Geller's lunch, who? Ross Geller's lunch, please don't take me. Okay?
Chandler: Say Ross, when you picture Phoebe living on the street, is she surrounded by the entire cast of Annie?
Chandler: What is going on here?
Chandler: Yeah.
Chandler: No-no, wait! There's got to be a better explanation. You can tell them you had to make an adult film for your (Thinks) adult film class.
Chandler: Oh—I don't know.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: (gasps) You're naked in this picture!
Chandler: Ross?
Chandler: Which I may say, right now, is out of control.
Chandler: And you're okay with that?
Chandler: (Sees the picture) Oh no! No! No! No! (Monica gasps as well.)
Chandler: All right, look! Look. I think I can explain this.
Chandler: Joey's a sex addict. 
Chandler: Well let's….let's see what everybody thinks of that?
Chandler: Are you sure Joe? Are you sure you're not just a sex addict?
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: Why?
Chandler: Yes! Chandler Bing, 7! Chandler Bing, 0.
Chandler: Okay, I'll stop.
Chandler: You wanna play?
Chandler: Well, so, play for the next 30 minutes and then write until he gets home.
Chandler: I'm intrigued. 
Chandler: Okay, but be careful okay, because I wanna get our security deposit back.
Chandler: Do you even remember which part of the wall is not spackle?
Chandler: (entering from his room carrying a fire extinguisher and wearing oven mitts) Oh yeah, it's great! See you take a tennis ball, a bowl, and some lighter fluid—Op! Op! (He puts out a small fire which has re-ignited in his room.)
Chandler: (entering from his bedroom) Guys, come on! Let's go! The puck drops in 20 minutes! Come on, Joe!
Chandler: Well, why can't you do them tomorrow?
Chandler: (To Ross) Why don't you cut him a little slack? Okay? Maybe if he relaxes a little bit, he'll get some work done.
Chandler: The only reason you're doing this to Joey is because you're bored. Okay, it's not his fault that you're unemployed.
Chandler: Oh, so being a good friend means acting like a total jerk?
Chandler: I paid for those tickets!
Chandler: Oh yeah! (Makes an unintelligible taunting sound.)
Chandler: When did that happen to you?!
Chandler: Oh yeah. First off all, chasing the Churo guy isn't jogging.
Chandler: Okay, bye! (To the gang.) Oh my God!!
Chandler: I don't believe they're brother and sister.
Chandler: Oh hey! There's some kids playing in the street, you wanna go down there and give them a project, ruin their day?
Chandler: Great! Now, we can go to the Ranger game! (Pause) Last night!
Chandler: Yeah or also when you don't have somebody breathing down your neck ALL THE LIVE LONG DAY!!
Chandler: All right. (Takes a copy.)
Chandler: What is up?
Chandler: No, it was me. I'm sorry. I over reacted.
Chandler: Could I be more sorry. (Looks at Joey.)
Chandler: (To Ross) I'm sorry too.
Chandler: I am sorry, Ross.
Chandler: This took you all day?!
Chandler: (deadpan, standing next to Monica) We're very happy for you.
Chandler: We wanted to kiss at midnight, but nobody else is going to so y'know…
Chandler: (To Monica) Happy New Year!
Chandler: Do you want us to leave the room, or?
Chandler: That's good one too, Pheebs. Now all you have to do is find a planeload of people who's resolution is to plummet to their deaths.
Chandler: I'll take that bet my friend. And you know what, paying me the 50 bucks could be the "new thing you do that day!" (Ross looks at him.) And it starts right now!
Chandler: Nice!
Chandler: (reading it) Elizabeth Hornswoggle?
Chandler: Horn-swoggle.
Chandler: No. No, I just think that maybe I-I'd heard it somewhere before. (Sits down rubbing his temple.)
Chandler: What an interesting approach to guitar instruction. Y'know some might find it amusing, I myself find it regular.
Chandler: (notices something) Ross is wearing leather pants! Does nobody else see that Ross is wearing leather pants? (Pause, no one speaks.) Someone comment on the pants!
Chandler: That's not what I had in mind! See, people like Ross don't generally wear these types of pants. You see, they're very tight. (Motions to Ross's buttock.) Maybe there's something in that area.
Chandler: Oh come on!! (Storms out.)
Chandler: (on phone) Laundry. Huh. Is that my new nickname? (Rachel is absolutely stunned, she opens her mouth in absolute amazement.)
Chandler: Oh my God!
Chandler: Oh yeah, me too. Y'know if this shirt is dirty. (Smells it.) Yep.
Chandler: (entering) Oh good, okay, I can't take it anymore. I can't take it anymore. So you win, okay? Here! (Hands him the 50 bucks he's about to owe him.) Pheebs? Flying a jet? Better make it a spaceship so that you can get back to your home planet! And Ross, phone call for you today, Tom Jones, he wants his pants back! And Hornswoggle? What are you dating a character from Fraggile Rock?! (He sits down and sighs in relief.)
Chandler: Sorry man.
Chandler: Did they teach you that in your anger management class?
Chandler: Oh, we had a lot of liquor left over from the Christmas party.
Chandler: I know, I can do this. (He takes her hand.)
Chandler: I asked myself that very question, sir. Uh, (Points to Monica) this is Monica. (Points to his boss.) This is my boss, Doug. Doug this is Monica.
Chandler: No, sir.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Oh, that was my work laugh.
Chandler: Oh, believe me, to survive this party, you're gonna have to come up with one too.
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Hey! Everybody at work loved you last night! 
Chandler: And! They like me more just because I was with ya! I think you repaired a lot of the damage from when they met Joey. And Doug wants us to play tennis with them. He's never even talked to me outside of work. Except for that time when we bumped into each other at that strip club. (She glares at him.) Strip church. Anyway, I'm gonna go try and find a racquet.
Chandler: Oh I used too, but then Joey thought it would be fun to go to Central Park and hit rocks at…bigger rocks. (He starts to leave and stops an entering Rachel.) Hey Rach, do you have a tennis racquet?
Chandler: Okay, good luck with that. (Exits.)
Chandler: Okay, easy Martina. I think we should let them win the next game.
Chandler: Let them win one.
Chandler: You're not even giving them a chance!
Chandler: Oh yes, sir! Put me out of my misery. Are you sure you never played pro? (Does his work laugh.) (To Monica) Please let them win!
Chandler: Oopsey, missed it!
Chandler: Long! (Gives Monica the Work Laugh.)
Chandler: Yeah, at least you hid your feelings well about it. (Removes a smashed racquet from his bag.)
Chandler: It was my racquet.
Chandler: If we hadn't lost the game they never would've invented us to dinner tomorrow night.
Chandler: Okay y'know what, because you said that, I'm not putting out tonight.
Chandler: Just a little bit of sugar.
Chandler: Oh, you get used to it.
Chandler: So I laugh at my boss's jokes, what's the big deal?
Chandler: Oh. (Does a double take when he realizes what she just said.)
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Well, I-I just didn't think it was funny sir.
Chandler: Well, I just…
Chandler: Really?
Chandler: I think I do! (They all laugh.) Thank you, Monica.
Chandler: Coffee in a fight! (Does the laugh again.)
Chandler: (from his bedroom) All right, so you're telling me that I have to tell racist jokes now?!
Chandler: But we're not ready to tell yet!
Chandler: Man, she is really gullible.
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Why would I be mad?
Chandler: (realizes what Ross just said and the implications to him) I am mad! But you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna forgive you! Because that's what friends do! They forgive their friends when they do everything you just said, all on the list there. Well, but I want you to remember that I forgave you.
Chandler: I also want you to remember that I let you live here rent free!
Chandler: And, I want you to remember that I gave you twenty (counts his money) seven dollars. No strings attached. Now, if you can't remember that, I think we should write it down—let's write it down!
Chandler: Oh! Look at that, time's up! My turn!
Chandler: It's your timer.
Chandler: All right, then massage me up right nice!
Chandler: Ah! Ahh!! Ahh!!
Chandler: It's so good I don't know what I've done to deserve it!
Chandler: Good-bye muscles!!
Chandler: I'm telling you, she gives the worst massages ever!! Okay, it was like she was torturing me for information. And I wanted to give it up I just—I didn't know what it was!
Chandler: Look, for the first time in my life I'm in a real relationship. Okay, I'm not gonna screw that up by y'know, telling the truth.
Chandler: (examining the hat) And the bunny got away. (Turns and starts looking for the bunny as Joey puts the hat on.)
Chandler: And you're gonna make them all disappear.
Chandler: Done.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Wow! You look just like your son Mrs. Tribbiani!
Chandler: Pulling flowers out it makes the bag look a lot more masculine.
Chandler: Oh my God!
Chandler: And a date with a man!
Chandler: (wincing) Yes, he is!
Chandler: I'm sorry but, ow-owww-owww!
Chandler: Hey, is Rachel here?
Chandler: (coming all the way in) Listen, I just wanted to apologize about this afternoon and the whole massage thing. Y'know? I-I really like 'em.
Chandler: (falling into that trap) I don't like your massages.
Chandler: Okay, but now see you're crying!
Chandler: What?
Chandler: It's okay, you don't have to be the best at everything.
Chandler: Okay, you give the worst massages in the world.
Chandler: Okay, hear me out. Okay? You give the best bad massages. If anybody was looking for the best bad massage and they were thinking to themselves, "Who's the best of that?" They'd have to go to you.
Chandler: Oh, it would be you! You! Monica! And you'd get all the votes!
Chandler: Absolutely!
Chandler: Yeah! (They hug.)
Chandler: Hey man, how did the audition go?
Chandler: Oh my God!
Chandler: Oh, hey! (Ross nods in agreement as well.)
Chandler: Yeah umm, they're called wallets.
Chandler: And we're done with the chicken fried rice.
Chandler: Or we can do the actual telephone thing.
Chandler: (entering) Hello children!
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Really?
Chandler: Well, I try to y'know, squeeze things. (Phoebe giggles uncontrollably.) Are you okay?
Chandler: Phoebe, it's me. You can tell me anything.
Chandler: What's going on?
Chandler: Well, my Grandfather was Swedish and my Grandmother was actually a tiny little bunny.
Chandler: Y'know that is a popular opinion today I must say.
Chandler: The weirdest thing happened at the coffee house, I think, I think Phoebe was hitting on me.
Chandler: I'm telling you I think Phoebe thinks I'm foxy.
Chandler: Ow!
Chandler: Oh, y'know I-I can't hear that enough.
Chandler: No, I didn't misunderstand, okay? She was all over me! She touched my bicep for crying out loud!
Chandler: Well it's not flexed right now!
Chandler: Sure, I'll do it with ya.
Chandler: That new mountain bike?
Chandler: Your work makes me sad.
Chandler: (after they've left) Okay, did you see that?! With the inappropriate and the pinching!!
Chandler: Okay, so now do you believe that she's attracted to me?
Chandler: Are you serious?
Chandler: (a little hurt) Okay but what about y'know my pinchable butt and my bulging biceps—She knows!
Chandler: (entering) Joey!
Chandler: Phoebe knows about us!
Chandler: Oh man!
Chandler: Ahh yes, the messers become the messies!
Chandler: Hello Phoebe, I've been thinking about you all day. (He's holding the phone so that Monica can hear it as well.)
Chandler: Well you know that thing you said before, I'd be lying if I said I wasn't intrigued.
Chandler: Yeah, listen, Joey isn't gonna be here tonight so why don't you come over and I'll let you uh, feel my bicep. Or maybe more.
Chandler: Oh yeah, they're totally gonna back down!
Chandler: (initially worried, but gets over it) Really?
Chandler: Yes.
Chandler: Okay, listen, how far am I gonna have to go with her?
Chandler: How do you know?!
Chandler: At this?!
Chandler: Phoebe.
Chandler: Come on in.
Chandler: Sure.
Chandler: Me? No. You?
Chandler: So do I.
Chandler: I'm gonna put on some music.
Chandler: You look good.
Chandler: Well, why don't we move this into the bedroom?
Chandler: Oh, do you not want to?
Chandler: (swallowing hard) Well that would be nice. I'll go get the lotion.
Chandler: Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put lotion on her! 
Chandler: Look, she's not backing down! She went like this! (He does a little mimic of her dance.)
Chandler: Okay, give me a second! (Pause) Did you clean up in here?
Chandler: Oh, you're-you're going?
Chandler: (swallowing hard) It's very, very nice. Well, come here. I'm very were gonna be having all the sex.
Chandler: Not if I kiss you first.
Chandler: Well, I guess there's nothing left for us to do but-but kiss.
Chandler: Okay! Okay! Okay! You win! You win!! I can't have sex with ya!
Chandler: Because I'm in love with Monica!!
Chandler: Love her! That's right, I…LOVE…HER!!! I love her!! (They walk together and hug.) I love you, Monica.
Chandler: And hats off to Phoebe. Quite a competitor. (Pause) And might I say your breasts are still showing.
Chandler: Yes, and we'd appreciate it if no one told him yet.
Chandler: (To Monica) Wow! Listen, we had a good run. What was it? Four? Five months? I mean, that's more than most people have in a lifetime! So, good-bye, take care, bye-bye then! (He kisses her and starts to climb out the balcony window.)
Chandler: Oh, I'm going on the lamb.
Chandler: Well, I think, I think Ross knows about me and Monica.
Chandler: Look, we're not just messing around! I love her. Okay, I'm in love with her.
Chandler: (interrupting) Whoa-whoa-whoa! We're having kids?!
Chandler: Yeah, big zero gravity moon steps.
Chandler: Hey listen, come on, Joey is having a problem! A little girl is beating him up.
Chandler: (To Rachel) Sounds like a fun party.
Chandler: Very, very funny, but don't say things like that in front of Monica. I don't want you putting any ideas in her head.
Chandler: Wh-wh-why?!
Chandler: Yeah, so, what's that supposed to mean?!
Chandler: I don't see it that way. Okay? Because, I see two Monicas, the one that was my friend, who lived across the hall, and wanted to have a lot of babies and then the new Monica, who I just started to date. Now, who's to say what she wants?! I’m right. I'm right. Am I right?
Chandler: Okay. It's not different at all, is it?
Chandler: Hmm.
Chandler: Yeah, here, somewhere else, y'know where-where ever. (Gets up.)
Chandler: Yeah, I'm cool. Casual.
Chandler: I'm just hanging out. Y'know, having fun. Y'know with the girl that I'm seeing casually.
Chandler: What?!
Chandler: Well, you do want all that stuff, right?
Chandler: Yes! You want babies! You have baby fever!
Chandler: Oh please, you are obsessed with babies and-and marriage and everything that's related to babies and-and marriage! I've got an idea, why don't we turn down the heat on this pressure cooker?!
Chandler: Nah-uh! I know you! Okay? I know the thoughts that you have in the head--in your head!
Chandler: Well, I did not know that.
Chandler: It's gonna be okay, right? I mean she's not gonna leave me? This is, this is fixable.
Chandler: By me?
Chandler: Monica. (Goes to talk to her.)
Chandler: Just tell me what I need to do to make things right.
Chandler: Well, that's what we do. Y'know, I-I mess up and then you tell me how to fix it and then I do and then y'know you think I'm all cute again.
Chandler: Where's Monica?! Where is she? I need to talk to her! It's urgent! Is she here?
Chandler: I need to talk to you, it's urgent!
Chandler: Okay, I've been doing a lot of thinking about us, y'know a lot of uhh, us thinking. And uh, well I guess there's only one-one way to do this. (He slowly and awkwardly gets down on one knee.)
Chandler: (getting out a ring box) Monica…
Chandler: Will you marry me?
Chandler: I don't know. But I know I'm not afraid to do this.
Chandler: I'm doing this because I'm sorry?
Chandler: No, the best reason to get married is pregnancy. Sorry is pretty much fourth y'know, behind being ready and actually wanting to get married. (Laughs.) Will you be my wife?
Chandler: Yeah, I'm kinda wishing everyone wasn't here right now.
Chandler: Yeah I know, but I was really confused and then I talked to these guys. (Turns to look at Ross and Joey.)
Chandler: I didn't think I was!
Chandler: Well I would've been happy because I would've be able to spend the rest of my life with the woman that I love. Or, you would've seen a Chandler shaped hole in that door. (Points at the door.)
Chandler: Okay, how long is this going to go on.
Chandler: That's not funny.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Oh, we wanted to finish the crossword before we went to bed. Hey, do you know a six-letter word for red?
Chandler: Yeah, I think that's wrong, but there's a Connect the Dots in here for you later. (To Monica) Hey, how about maroon?
Chandler: Oh that's so cool! Why would a cop come in here though? They don't serve donuts. (No one laughs.) Y'know what actually, could you discover the badge again? I think I can come up with something better than that.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Oh, y'know what? The last time Joey went to a meadow, his mother was shot by a hunter.
Chandler: Okay, but impersonating a police officer is a serious thing. You could get arrested.
Chandler: Hi, Joe.
Chandler: Oh, come on! You've been acting strange all day!
Chandler: Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-what-what if Martin Luther King had said that? (Imitating what his famous speech would sound like.) I kinda have a dream! I don’t want to talk about it.
Chandler: You had a dream about a girl that I am seeing?! Oh, that is so cool! (To Monica) I can't tell you how many times I've dreamt about a girl that he was seeing. (Seeing Monica's stare.) (To Joey) Anyway we're talking about your dream. (To Monica) I love you. (To Joey) Your dream? (Leans in to listen closely.)
Chandler: No, it can mean anything. Like uh, all of the sudden you're jealous because I've become the apartment stud.
Chandler: Joey, look, are you attracted to Monica? Right here, right now, are you attracted to her?
Chandler: Well there you have it!
Chandler: Well y'know, Monica and I were friends before we started dating. So maybe-maybe that's it?
Chandler: Oh yeah, it's actually in my bedroom.
Chandler: (entering) Hey!
Chandler: Y'know, I would be offended, but Monica is freakishly strong, so…
Chandler: (looking at the sketch) Oh, I see. I thought you just really, really liked your new couch.
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Yeah.
Chandler: (straining) Okay.
Chandler: Okay, I don't think we can turn anymore!
Chandler: Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!!
Chandler: Okay, yeah, I think it's really stuck now.
Chandler: Oh, y'know, what did you mean when you said pivot?
Chandler: (stopping him) Hey, whoa-whoa! What's she like?
Chandler: Ooh, I do! I do! I do!
Chandler: (To Rachel) He has a gun!
Chandler: (entering) Hey Monica, here's your broom back.
Chandler: Oh hey, how'd the interview go?
Chandler: So what happened?
Chandler: Well you coulda tried, not kissing him.
Chandler: Come on, Rach.
Chandler: I gotta check out this hot girl! (He heads to the window but realizes something, stops, turns and points at Monica.) There she is! (He dances over to her and kisses her.)
Chandler: (To Gary) So what do you say, maybe sometime I hold your gun?
Chandler: Oh, what can happen? I mean, would you… (He gestures and spills some of his coffee.)
Chandler: Uh, yeah.
Chandler: Why?
Chandler: Ohh, so?
Chandler: Monica, you have got to stop this competitive thing! Okay? It's crazy. {Finally! The voice of reason.} I mean, just impress Gary and Phoebe we have to go upstairs and have sex over and over and I'm saying no to this, why? Get your coat.
Chandler: That was amazing!
Chandler: That was amazing.
Chandler: No, you're the best.
Chandler: No, you're the best.
Chandler: Honey, the tortilla chips know what you mean.
Chandler: Oh yeah, it's so cool. (He opens his coat and has it pinned to the lining.) Now I gotta go, Officer Bing has gotta, 10-100. (Pause, softly) That's pee-pee. (Heads for the bathroom.)
Chandler: Monica! This is the Men's room! (Pause) Isn't it?
Chandler: No. And if I did, I don't think we'd be going out. Monica, this is getting ridiculous!
Chandler: Ugh, we have already proved that we are hot! Okay? So why-why are you getting so obsessed about this thing?!
Chandler: (gasps) So?
Chandler: Oh wow! Is that what this all have been about?
Chandler: Yeah that was great. That was really great! But to tell you the truth, I'm more excited about where we are right now.
Chandler: Yeah! I've never been in a relationship that's lasted this long before. Y'know to get past the beginning and still be around each other all the time, I think that's pretty incredible. And the fact that this is happening all with you, yeah I think that's pretty exciting. (Kisses her.)
Chandler: Yeah?
Chandler: Y'know what I just realized? You just freaked out about our relationship.
Chandler: Yes you did! Admit it! You freaked out!
Chandler: Little?! You freaked out big time! Okay? And I fixed it! We have switched places! I am the relationship and king and you are the crazy, irrational screw up! (Does a dance of joy.) (Monica glares at him.) And now we're back.
Chandler: (entering) You guys ready fore the movies?
Chandler: Okay. (He picks the 9 of Spades)
Chandler: Oh yes.
Chandler: (pause) Yes. 
Chandler: Hi there!
Chandler: That.
Chandler: Hey Rach, now that you're working at Ralph Lauren, can you bring me back some of those polo shirts?
Chandler: Unwilling to steal from work, interesting.
Chandler: Dude! That's my girlfriend!
Chandler: Weirder than watching his two moms make out? (Monica nods in agreement.)
Chandler: Yeah, it is the best.
Chandler: Yeah, or you can do the easy thing and smoke.
Chandler: Yeah, I wanna go to babe.
Ross and Chandler:
Chandler: Ah sure. What's in 'em?
Chandler: Oh good, because uh we got Rachel 800 gallons of water.
Chandler: Y'know I rued the day once…didn't get a whole lot else done.
Chandler: (shocked) Well I mean, let me get the door first. (Goes and opens the door.) Oh, hi! No one. (Exits.)
Chandler: Okay, there's something different though--Oh my God! You smoked!
Chandler: Yes you did! You look happy and sick; you smoked!
Chandler: I wish I had smoked for my career…
Chandler: Okay, but you gotta push past this because it is about to get so good!
Chandler: I think you smell great! (He sniffs her shoulder.)
Chandler: Great job with the cups, Pheebs!
Chandler: Awesome!
Chandler: There are snow cones! (Monica glares at him.) Snow cones! Yuck!
Chandler: Thank you! Thank you! (Runs to the snow cone machine.)
Chandler: (to Kim and Nancy) Oh, hi! Excuse me, is uh Rachel Green here? I was supposed to meet her for lunch.
Chandler: Okay, great.
Chandler: I'll catch you guys later. (Exits.)
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Monica and I are celebrating our ten-month anniversary, we've got reservations at Ja George.
Chandler: Made a few calls, pulled some strings, and they agreed to seat us at 11:30 if we both had the chicken and didn't get desert. 
Chandler: Hey Caitlin! Somebody got a haircut.
Chandler: Yeah, if that was true, gym class would've been a lot more interesting.
Chandler: Oh, okay. (Hands her the money.) Here you go. 
Chandler: Oh, he's in the back. The duck pissed him off, said that eggs came first.
Chandler: Okay, bye!
Chandler: What?
Chandler: I was not flirting.
Chandler: Okay first of all, the impression, uncanny. And second, that was not flirting, that was just casual conversation between two people. That is all.
Chandler: You wanna see flirting? I'll show you flirting. (Starts to move towards Ross.)
Chandler: I was not flirting.
Chandler: I was not and oh God, shh!
Chandler: Is that what this is about? You like Caitlin?
Chandler: So, Joey on Law &amp; Order, you must be very proud!
Chandler: I'm sorry, I thought you were Joey's other grandmother. (She just stares at him.) I've done it again.
Chandler: Happy Anniversary, 10 months! (They kiss.)
Chandler: Uhh, Joey's grandmother is right there. (Points)
Chandler: The one that doesn't.
Chandler: Hey, why don't you wear those earrings I gave you?
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: If you said, "Big lima bean, bubbling up." Would she understand the difference?
Chandler: Here you go. (Hands her the money.) Now stop bringing us pizzas you.
Chandler: You're welcome.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Thank you for that! (To Monica) I was not flirting.
Chandler: Really?!
Chandler: (starts to laugh, but then gets serious) So umm, you-you flirt with guys all the time?
Chandler: Okay, but there is a big difference. You are a lot hotter than I am.
Chandler: Yes, it does bother me! And I think it would bother a lot of people. Rachel, when you were going out with Ross, did it bother you when he flirted with other women?
Chandler: (smiling) Well, what is it?
Chandler: (smiling) If we keep talking this way, aren't we gonna freak her out soon?
Chandler: Doesn't know, "Hello." But she knows Capricorn One.
Chandler: So uh Monica, do you, do you like the Law &amp; Order?
Chandler: See, I'm finding out all this stuff about you today, like you like the Law &amp; Order and that you flirted with every guy in the Tri-State area!
Chandler: Oh, I'm so glad we cleared that up. Look, I'm sorry, some things are different for men and for women.
Chandler: Okay, I've already taught you so much already, but whatever. See when you flirt with a guy you think, "I'm just flirting, no big deal." But the guy is thinking, "Finally! Somebody who wants to sleep with me!"
Chandler: It's true.
Chandler: Again true.
Chandler: All guys that are awake. Then we go to sleep and then all the guys from the other end of the world wake up and behave the exact same way.
Chandler: Uh, Joey is gonna be right back. Right back! (Tries to pantomime it for her.) Meanwhile, let's-let's-let's talk about you. (Pause.) So, you're old and small.
Chandler: Okay, hold on. (Pauses as he readies himself.) Okay. (Walks away.)
Chandler: (To Monica) If this is the way all the Gellers flirt, we don't have a problem.
Chandler: Oh the humanity.
Chandler: More so than anything else.
Chandler: Almost over man.
Chandler: Why am I looking?
Chandler: You couldn't have at least changed your shirt.
Chandler: (singing) Ground control to Major Tom! Commencing countdown…engines…on!
Chandler: (To Monica) Hey!
Chandler: You ready?
Chandler: You look amazing. I'm the luckiest man in the world.
Chandler: Let me see the earrings.
Chandler: (looking at them) They look great! Does your boyfriend have the best taste or what?
Chandler: (To Ross) Thanks for picking out the earrings man.
Chandler: Hey man, what's up?
Chandler: Yeah, yeah! Me too!
Chandler: Yeah.
Chandler: Well, I like danger.
Chandler: Tonight? You-you didn't say it was going to be at nighttime.
Chandler: It is starting to get dark out there.
Chandler: (laughing) Okay. (Deadpan) But it is officially nighttime.
Chandler: Your tax dollars?
Chandler: (leans in and takes a sniff of Joey's sandwich) Wow! That sandwich really does smell good.
Chandler: I can't smell your sandwich?
Chandler: Okay, I'll give them back. (Exhales strongly through his nose and Joey just glares at him.) Look! What is so great about that sandwich?
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Yeah.
Chandler: Sur-surprise him? We're not, we're not gonna make anybody mad are we?
Chandler: How do you figure that?
Chandler: Y'know, when you say partner it doesn't sound cop. It, it sounds gay.
Chandler: Look at Officer Ross riding back here with the visitors.
Chandler: Okay, y'know, we-we're safe right? I mean nothing bad can go down!
Chandler: (deadpan) Oh, hurry up. I want to sign that.
Chandler: What's going on?
Chandler: Uh, HELLO!!
Chandler: (pouting) It was a car backfire!
Chandler: Who jumps at loud noises!
Chandler: Yeah! If the car that backfired had run over you! Y'know what, I think I'll go home before Ross starts rambling about his newfound respect for life. (He gets up and starts for the door.)
Chandler: (returning) Oh my God! (Storms out.)
Chandler: Oh, I just went for a walk, around the living room. Whatever…
Chandler: No. No I'm just tired. Y'know, from-from the walk.
Chandler: You dove in front of Ross! Ross!
Chandler: I do not hate Ross!
Chandler: What picture?
Chandler: Look I'm very glad that you saved Ross from the car backfire, but y'know, it could've been a bullet and you y'know, you didn't try to save me!
Chandler: When it comes down to it, you would risk your life for Ross before you would for me. That's the bottom line.
Chandler: From a bullet!
Chandler: Much sense?!
Chandler: So you risked your life, for a sandwich!
Chandler: So you didn't uh, choose Ross before me.
Chandler: Really?!
Chandler: Thanks. (He grabs the sandwich.)
Chandler: (with his mouthful) Oh-oi-ho, yeah!
Chandler: Hm-hmm. (Goes to take another bite.)
Chandler: I thought you were showing me how much you mean to me.
Chandler: Before or after you were shot by your own troops?
Chandler: Yes, if the foxhole was lined with sandwiches.
Chandler: (To Monica) Yeah, see, I can't pull of baby-doll can I?
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Hiya doin' pumpkin?
Chandler: (terrified) Right, because it's fast. Because, it's so fast. It's fast!
Chandler: Oh! Good for you Pheebs, way to go! (Breathes a sigh of relief)
Chandler: So, what are you gonna do?
Chandler: Me?! Why me?
Chandler: I'll try, but I'm not sure what good it would do, y'know? Because I'm a lot less afraid of commitment than I used to be.
Chandler: (To Phoebe, behind Monica's back) Still terrified, I'll take care of it. No problem. (When Monica turns back he smiles and kisses her, when she turns away he nods that he'll do it to Phoebe.)
Chandler: Hey ladies! What are you in here for? (Laughs at his joke.)
Chandler: Gary, I'm here to report a crime.
Chandler: It is a crime that you and I don't spend more time together.
Chandler: Well, I heard that you thinking about asking Phoebe to move in with you and I thought maybe, we should have a talk. Man to uh, me.
Chandler: Uh, are you crazy? Are you insane? If you live with Phoebe, you two are gonna be y'know, live-living together!
Chandler: You mean scared.
Chandler: Scared? Happy?
Chandler: I am trying to open your eyes, my man! Don't you see, if you lived with Phoebe she's always gonna be there. You're gonna get home, she's there. You go to bed, she's there. You wake up and oh yes, she's there!
Chandler: Were you're parents happy, or something?
Chandler: Wow, y'know when you say it, it doesn't sound so scary.
Chandler: Yeah, I think I do! Y'know what? You move in with her! You move in with her right now! Maybe I should in with Monica!
Chandler: (pause) Yeah, you're right about that.
Chandler: Hi!
Chandler: Yes I did, and I think you should do it.
Chandler: He's a great guy, y'know? And he loves you a lot, you are a very lucky lady.
Chandler: I’m sorry. (Pause) If you ask me, I'd move in with him.
Chandler: Hey Gar!
Chandler: Four hours? You guys have been doing this for four hours?
Chandler: All right, let me in. (He jumps off of the counter to join in the game.)
Chandler: What?
Chandler: I'm not a dropper!
Chandler: It's throwing and catching!
Chandler: Oh! Oh! That's so hard. (Starts to juggle the ball, but loses control and almost drops it and hands it to Monica.)
Chandler: Maybe that's because she's a minion of the anti-Christ.
Chandler: Yeah, you almost overreacted to something.
Chandler: Not fun anymore?
Chandler: Come on! Gary's such a great guy! Whatever the problem is, you can work it out!
Chandler: Oh that is over!
Chandler: You guys wanna eat here?
Chandler: Y'know, how did I get this reputation as a dropper? Okay? I'm anything but a dropper. (We see various scenes of him dropping a football, a mug of coffee, the phone, an apple, a Frisbee, a record, and the final scene has a ball bouncing off of his chest. I'm not going to describe them, you'll have to see them.)
Chandler: Oh, Richard. That's all I ever hear, Richard, Richard, Richard!
Chandler: Okay, so Richard, Richard!
Chandler: What?
Chandler: How much did I love The King and I? (Oh, you get the point by now.)
Chandler: You okay there man?
Chandler: Wow umm, calm down.
Chandler: Uh, no Pheebs. What's it look like?
Chandler: You got the lead in a movie? That's amazing! What's the movie about?!
Chandler: Yeah, I know that means buddy!
Chandler: Well, uh, we can talk about that too Pheebs.
Chandler: Whoa-whoa-whoa, what are we going to do about my job?
Chandler: All right, great, road trip baby! (To Monica) This okay with you?
Chandler: Thank you.
Chandler: (entering) Hey!
Chandler: Yeah, listen, how cold is it going to be there? Do I need a coat or will all these sweater vests be enough? (Holds up 3 of them in different colors.)
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Hey, so where are we staying? Is the movie putting us up in a big hotel suite?
Chandler: I see, but once you get your first paycheck you'll be springing a big hotel suite, right? I mean, lead in a movie, they must be paying you a lot?
Chandler: So you don't get paid unless the movie makes money?
Chandler: All right, bye-bye now!
Chandler: Okay!
Chandler: We've been driving for a half-hour, and you haven't looked at the road once.
Chandler: Yeah.
Chandler: Isn't that Ross's money?
Chandler: I don't know.
Chandler: Okay!
Chandler: Too dry.
Chandler: No!
Chandler: No!
Chandler: Yes.
Chandler: I also said, "Yes!"
Chandler: No! (Realizes) Ahhh!!!
Chandler: Look Joe, I just, I just don't want to get your hopes up real high.
Chandler: They're not even paying ya! This doesn't even sound like a real movie!
Chandler: Joe, I don't think this is going to be your big break.
Chandler: Oh, you don't want me on the trip?
Chandler: All right, I'll tell ya what, the next time you ask me a question like that I'll lie.
Chandler: All right, fine! Fine! Why don't you pull over? I'll get out right now!
Chandler: You're not actually supposed to stop on the bridge.
Chandler: All right!! (Gets out and Joey speeds away.) Wait! Wait, there's no sidewalk! Yeah, I'm gonna die here.
Chandler: (entering) Hey!
Chandler: Joey kicked me out of the car on the George Washington bridge!
Chandler: I don't know! He went crazy! Y'know, we were playing that game where you-you ask a question and you answer it really fast.
Chandler: Well, I don't know what mad him so mad, y'know? All I said was that uh, I didn't think this wasn't gonna be his big break, that this movie wasn't going to do anything for him, and that uh, y'know it didn't sound like a real movie--Okay, he should've pushed me off of the bridge.
Chandler: Oh, I figured you guys would all be mad at me. So I got you some gifts that I found on the side of the road. (Looks into the bag.) Who wants the teddy bear with one leg?
Chandler: (who has just entered) Is that Joey? Is that Joey? Let me talk to him! I wanna talk to him!
Chandler: Y'know, he won't even talk to me. How am I going to apologize to him if he won't even talk to me?
Chandler: That's a good idea. I wonder where I could (Pause) get a basket of porn…
Chandler: Really?
Chandler: (entering) Hey!
Chandler: (To Phoebe) Is that Joey?! (She nods yes) Let me talk to him!
Chandler: (To Phoebe) Y'know what? I have been trying to apologize to him all week! If he's not gonna let me do it on the phone, I'm gonna go down there and do it in person.
Chandler: (To Joey) Hey!
Chandler: No-no-no-no, I've supported you one hundred percent and I want to prove that to you in person!
Chandler: Forgive me? You haven't been taking my calls in a week!
Chandler: Uh, what was that?
Chandler: (entering) Hey!
Chandler: I know. Can you believe it? One year ago today I was just your annoying friend Chandler.
Chandler: Huh.
Chandler: Oh, but it's not 'til tomorrow!
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Wow!
Chandler: Do we have to?
Chandler: Okay this is great, but Joey said he didn't want any of us out there.
Chandler: Yeah, I think we should see other people.
Chandler: Yes.
Chandler: It's a great idea. (They kiss)
Chandler: Y'know Pheebs, it's kinda our (His and Monica's) anniversary.
Chandler: (coughing) Art lover!
Chandler: I said art lover.
Chandler: I don't know, I'm very tired. 
Chandler: So it's pretty much the same Pheebs.
Chandler: Yeah, I guess it's a little better now.
Chandler: (To Monica) Happy plane-aversary.
Chandler: Can I give you a present now?
Chandler: Okay! (He grabs his carryon and starts rummaging through it.) Oh man! Don’t tell me I did this!
Chandler: How do you feel about the, "I really did forgot the present, please forgive me" not fake out?
Chandler: Ohh that's the worse thing that can happen on an anniversary ever!
Chandler: What-what Richard thing?
Chandler: What Richard thing?
Chandler: (talking out of the side of his mouth) I'm not mad.
Chandler: Oh yeah! Yeah, so you-you bumped into Richard! You grabbed a bite! It's no big deal. (He still ain't happy.)
Chandler: Oh my God.
Chandler: Love your condoms my man.
Chandler: Why?! What happened?!
Chandler: No-no, that's okay, apparently there's a new policy where we don't have to share everything with everybody.
Chandler: No! Her boyfriend Richard!
Chandler: When you go lunching with hunky moustache men and don't tell me about it!
Chandler: Thanks. (They hug.)
Chandler: (pushing her away from another hug) Next time?
Chandler: There's not gonna be a next time! You can not ever see him again!
Chandler: That's so funny, because I think I just did!
Chandler: Fine with me!
Chandler: What are you talking…
Chandler: Really?
Chandler: (interrupting in the nick of time) Joey, I uh! I can't believe this is how I'm spending my anniversary.
Chandler: Whoa!
Chandler: Y'know, if I won $5,000 I'd join a gym, y'know build up my upper body and hit Richard from behind with a stick! (Mimics it.)
Chandler: Good luck! 
Chandler: I see.
Chandler: (totally confused) What?
Chandler: What's an identical hand twin?
Chandler: Are you sure you weren't (pause) looking at your hands in a mirror?
Chandler: (totally confused) How?
Chandler: Again I must go back to, how?
Chandler: (Pause) Y'know, I-I can't really put a price on that Joe.
Chandler: No! No! I support you 100%! I just didn't, I didn't get it right away. Y'know now I'm caught up! Identical hand twins! It's a million-dollar idea!
Chandler: No!
Chandler: That was Joey!
Chandler: Yeah, well, she's probably talking to Richard.
Chandler: Really?
Chandler: Okay. (He gets up and goes to find her.)
Chandler: (walking by with his luggage) See you later Mon.
Chandler: What does it look like? I'm going home.
Chandler: Come on! I was there! (He's propped up with his hand on a statute of a naked guy. He winces and pulls his hand away.) I know he's the love of your life.
Chandler: Really?!
Chandler: Yeah, I wanted to make a dramatic scene, but I hate packing.
Chandler: (arm-in-arm with Monica) Hey Pheebs!
Chandler: Yeah, she couldn't live without the Chan Love. (They start kissing.)
Chandler: Yes! I've-I've never seen a roll like this in my life!
Chandler: Okay, ah umm, ah, a 8. Ah, a 6?
Chandler: 8. 8!
Chandler: If you get this one, we buy everybody here a steak dinner!
Chandler: Noo!
Chandler: Ahh, ooh, try a hard 8.
Chandler: Two fours.
Chandler: Thank you, Mister Drunken Gambler! Okay, you get this and uh, we get the biggest suite in the place! (Everyone cheers) Wait-wait-wait-wait! We (motions to Monica and him.) get the biggest suite in the place.
Chandler: (sees the roll) Yes!! I love you! I can't even remember what we were fighting about!
Chandler: Another hard 8.
Chandler: Okay, okay, I tell you what. You roll another hard eight; (pause) and we get married here tonight.
Chandler: You roll another hard eight and we get married here tonight.
Chandler: Yes! I love you! I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.
Chandler: Okay, so if an eight comes up, we take it as a sign and we do it! {Whoa! Where have I heard that before? Matthew Perry talking about signs in Las Vegas. I guess it must've been some movie I saw.} What do you say?
Chandler: Okay! Come on! Let's go! All right!
Chandler: (spots one) Okay! That's a four! And where-where's the other one?
Chandler: All right! 
Chandler: Here it is! Here it is!
Chandler: It's a four.
Chandler: Okay, all right, all right, all right! Okay! (Picks up a blue sweater.) Okay, here's something, here's something blue and new.
Chandler: Let's go! (Starts to leave.)
Chandler: Ohh, great, I have condom in my wallet I've had since I was twelve.
Chandler: I don't think so.
Chandler: (looks around) Here just…take this. (Hands her the sweater.)
Chandler: No, we'll-we'll bring it back! Just put it under your dress.
Chandler: Okay, one thing at a time. (They run out to get married.)
Chandler: Hello! One marriage please!
Chandler: (singing) Dum! Dum-dum-dum! Dum! Dum! Dum! Dum-dum-dum!
Chandler: Oh, that's The Wedding March. Does, does that freak you out?
Chandler: Okay! (Stands up) This is it! (Claps his hands) We're gonna get married!
Chandler:
Chandler: Oh my God!
Chandler: Oh my God!! Is everybody getting married?!!
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Yes! Well that-yes.
Chandler: We actually missed it.
Chandler: What?!
Chandler: Hi!
Chandler: So, has anyone talked to Dr. and Mrs. Geller yet?
Chandler: It’s a buffet man.
Chandler: Listen, I gotta talk to you.
Chandler: Monica and I almost got married last night.
Chandler: Look, I just don’t think Monica and I are ready to get married yet! Y’know? I mean, I love her and everything but seeing Ross and Rachel coming out of that chapel was like a, like a wake-up call that Monica and I are moving so fast. Y’know? And, how do I tell her without crushing her?
Chandler: What?!
Chandler: (returning with Joey) Hi.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Are we gonna talk about what you guys did last night? Or…
Chandler: (not quite sure) You did.
Chandler: Well, I think, I think, Ross already has one. Now, this one’s free, right? Because you paid for the first two, so the third one’s free.
Chandler: I don’t know. But I-I-I know I love you!
Chandler: So where are we on the whole going back to the place where they have all the marriages thing? I love you.
Chandler: Yes, we don’t get married unless there’s a sign! Okay, so say uh, say you roll another eight (motions to the craps table) then there’s a definite sign that we should get married.
Chandler: Sounds great.
Chandler: Ready!
Chandler: (deadpan) Yes, yes eight.
Chandler: That was so unlikely. Well, let’s get married! I guess.
Chandler: That’s right! It was the wrong kind of eight, no wedding! Damnit!
Chandler: Yeah. (They go pack.) We’re doing the right thing, right?
Chandler: Well you did pull his hair.
Chandler: I’m not getting into this again!
Chandler:  Well, I told you not to walk. Here. (Picks her up.) There. Okay. (He opens the door, carries her across the threshold, stops, backs out, and lets go of Monica who is only holding on by his neck.)
Chandler: No!
Chandler: All right, should we just, should we just get married? Y’know? I mean should we just do it? All the signs are telling us to do it.
Chandler: Me too!
Chandler: No!
Chandler: Jeez, relax! It’s not like we’re mar-ah-ah!! (Runs out.)
Chandler: (entering, slowly) Y’know I was thinking, what if I uh, unpack here?
Chandler: Well, what if all my stuff was here?
Chandler: Okay. What if we lived together and you understand what I’m saying?
Chandler: Me asking is kind of a sign.
Chandler: Okay!!!!!
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Oh thanks.
Chandler: The door hasn’t been locked in five years, but okay! (Runs out.) Ready?!
Chandler: Okay, a little problem. The key broke in the lock and I can’t get in!
Chandler: This is not a sign!
Chandler: It’s an old key!
Chandler: I love you!
Chandler: Are you hugging the door right now.
Chandler: Yeah-yeah, me neither.
Chandler: The key’s stuck in the lock.
Chandler: (trying the handle) It still doesn’t work.
Chandler: Oh.
Chandler: Nice job Joe! You’re quite the craftsmen.
Chandler: Y’know when we move in together, can I get a gumball machine?
Chandler: No. When it comes to sweets, he’s surprisingly strict.
Chandler: No, no, I keep trying, y’know? I can get out, "Joey, I have too…" but then I lose my nerve and I always finish with, "…go to the bathroom." He may think I’m sick.
Chandler: Oh, so that’s this is gonna work now? You’re just gonna order me around all the time?
Chandler: All right.
Chandler: No-o-o! (To Monica) No? (She nods no.) No-o-o! Look Joey, here’s the thing, Monica and I have decided to live together, here. So, I’m gonna be moving out man.
Chandler: Look, I-I’m just gonna be right across the hall and I promise you, the minute Monica and I break up I’m moving right back in with you!
Chandler: (entering) Hey!
Chandler: (looking down) What gave me away?
Chandler: Okay, so that’s it, everybody knows! It’s official, we’re moving in together. No turning back. Are ya scared? Are ya?
Chandler: Wow that was my scariest voice! You’re very brave.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Hey listen, for the first four years of my work everybody called me Sha-la-lap. (Awkward silence ensues.) Seriously.
Chandler: Well, I-I still think you’re very-very nice and very pretty…
Chandler: (To Monica) All yours babe. (Walks away.)
Chandler: Rach…
Chandler: Okay, when are we gonna tell Rachel what is actually gonna happen?
Chandler: Well, Joey’s my best friend.
Chandler: You just said… Of course you’re my best friend. Would you please tell Rachel though?
Chandler: Okay. (She grabs a tin of freshly baked cookies) Oh yes. (He reaches for one.)
Chandler: Hey-hey!
Chandler: I am now!
Chandler: Okay, bye! (Exits.)
Chandler: Look, I’m just gonna be across the hall, we can still do all the same stuff.
Chandler: Not once did we do that.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Oh yeah? Well, how’d she take it?
Chandler: And you’re upset because you didn’t make your best friend cry?
Chandler: Okay, I gotta ask, who calls us that?!
Chandler: (entering) Hey!
Chandler: Pheebs, I don’t understand. How can you have a roommate that none of us know anything about?
Chandler: Hey-hey! I thought Naked Thursday’s was just our thing man!
Chandler: Who was it?
Chandler: Sure!
Chandler: Well, I like that idea. Obviously! I was thinking maybe-maybe-maybe it could be a game room, y’know? I mean you can buy old arcade games like uh, like Space Invaders and Asteroids for $200, the real ones! The big-big ones!
Chandler: Okay so you mean no as in, "Gee Chandler, what an interesting idea. Let’s discuss it before we reject it completely."
Chandler: So, that’s it?
Chandler: Which is why Asteroids is perfect! It’s the oldest game!
Chandler: I don’t have anything against the beautiful guest room, especially since everybody we know lives about 30 seconds away!
Chandler: No, I’m not mocking you, (in a mocking voice) or you beautiful guest room. (Exits.)
Chandler: Nothing, Monica and I had a stupid fight.
Chandler: (reading the ad) "Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly." Nice!
Chandler: Hi.
Chandler: Hi, listen, I’m sorry about before. I don’t need to have a game room. I mean when I was a kid I only played those games because I couldn’t get girls, and now I can ‘em—Now, I have you. (Monica glares at him.) Not-not that I think that I have you or think of you as property in any sort of way, I see women…
Chandler: Really?
Chandler: Ohh.
Chandler: That’s a great idea! We can easily think of a way for us both to enjoy the room.
Chandler: We don’t have to come up with this now.
Chandler: Hey, y’know what? Why don’t we think about changes we can make in the living room?
Chandler: Yeah, I mean we’re gonna have to move around some furniture to make room for my chair. (Kisses her and heads into the living room.)
Chandler: Is that a problem?
Chandler: Oh, that’s cool. Then I’ll just bring them both over.
Chandler: Okay, I get it. So, I get nothing! Nothing here is mine! Everything here is yours! I’ll get up in the morning put on your clothes, and head off to work!
Chandler: In the game room!
Chandler: All right! That’s fine! That’s fine! I won’t bring over the chairs! I won’t bring anything over! I wouldn’t want to ruin the ambiance over here at Grandma’s place!! (Storms out.)
Chandler: (entering) You can call off the roommate search! (To the potential roommate) Hi! I’ll be living here. (Heads for the bathroom.)
Chandler: Why did you take the shower curtain down?
Chandler: Well, why don’t you tell her to stop being silly! (Monica mocks him and he joins in.)
Chandler: Well, we are fond of the silliness, but we also have a soft spot for the love.
Chandler: That’s laughter.
Chandler: I don’t know.
Chandler: Yeah, I do.
Chandler: He’s being silly, because he knows that we enjoy the silliness!
Chandler: Yeah, I'm not so worried.
Chandler: Of course!
Chandler: Scared me out of ever wanting to live with him.
Chandler: Okay!
Chandler: Oh my God! Someone’s killed Square Man!
Chandler: Oh that’s so sweet! I want to show you something too!
Chandler: Y’know those big-big uh, road signs that say "Merge?"
Chandler: Y’know? So I was thinking that we could get one of those signs and hang it over our bed. Because, that’s you and I together! Merge!
Chandler: Really?!
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Oh, what’s the matter?
Chandler: Yeah?
Chandler: What?!
Chandler: Just out of curiosity did she tell you how you’re gonna go?
Chandler: Oh hi!
Chandler: Why don’t you open with a joke?
Chandler: Wait a minute, hold the phone! You’re not talking about Chuckles University?!
Chandler: That’s the way I did it ‘til I was 19.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Yes, you got something from the Screen Actor’s Guild.
Chandler: (opens and reads it) "Benefits lapsed."
Chandler: Okay, it’s not a check. They’re saying your health insurance expired because, you didn’t work enough last year.
Chandler: All right.
Chandler: I’m sorry man, there’s never a good time to (pauses) stop catching on fire.
Chandler: Okay, make sure you look both ways before you cross the street.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: That’s great, but shouldn’t you be on the toilet right now?
Chandler: What’s wrong with you?
Chandler: This sounds like a hernia. You have to—you-you go to the doctor!
Chandler: That’s a hernia.
Chandler: Hey, will you grab me a cruller? (Joey starts to groan and get up.) Sit down! Will you go to the hospital?!
Chandler: I will loan you the money. Just go to the hospital and let’s just get that thing…pushed back in.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Oh Joey’s got a really bad hernia, but that’s nothing a little laser eye surgery won’t fix!
Chandler: Listen, I’m really glad you got the part.
Chandler: But are you sure you can do this?
Chandler: Now, is that never talking about it again?!
Chandler: I’m sorry! Hey-hey Joe, why don’t you uh, lift up your shirt? (He does.) Take a look at this kiddo. (Alex finally starts crying.) We have a crying child! Roll the damn cameras!
Chandler: What are you doing?
Chandler: Oh, all right.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Okay, let me just jump in and ask, at what point did you think this was a successful marriage?
Chandler: Ross, just for my own piece of mind, you’re not married to anymore of us are ya?
Chandler: You left a shoe here?!
Chandler: Oh good, when he comes back for his keys, I’ll be sure to give him your shoe.
Chandler: (not enthused) Yeah, all right.
Chandler: Whoa-whoa-whoa! What?
Chandler: Yeah, I’m gonna pass. ‘Cause I was kinda iffy when it was puppies.
Chandler: Little baby girl Chandler, where I have heard that before? Oh right, Coach Ruben. (Tries to get her to drink a little more from the bottle when he suddenly smells something. It’s times like these I’m glad Smell-O-Vision hasn’t been invented.) Do you know what Pheebs? When you’re done over there, we kinda have a situation over here too. (Phoebe is changing hers.)
Chandler: See that’s where I think that you’re wrong. We’ve been playing these babies man for man; we should really be playing a zone defense.
Chandler: I just think that things would go a lot smoother if we each have our own zone. Phoebe, you can be in charge of wiping. And y’know Mon, you can be in charge of diapering and I can be in charge of looking how cute they are when they put their hands around… (He degrades into baby talk, but he means when they grab his finger.)
Chandler: Okay, I’m a rookie. I should not be in the end zone.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Shocking! Since you still have the keys.
Chandler: What equity investments?
Chandler: You don’t even have a car!
Chandler: And?
Chandler: There you are.
Chandler: (entering) Check it out! Check it out! When the babies wake up, they can meet Krog! (He holds up this Xena-like warrior action figure.)
Chandler: He can do more than that! He can destroy the universe!
Chandler: They’re not gonna swallow anything, you guys are being way over protective. When I was a kid, my mom used to just throw me into a pile of broken glass!
Chandler: Glass, sand, whatever. (Walks out as Monica and Phoebe turn to check on the babies again.)
Chandler: (entering) All right. (Clears throat) I thought about it and maybe you’re right. Maybe Krog is not a safe toy.
Chandler: I swallowed the sonic blaster gun.
Chandler: Well, I was trying to prove that I was right. Y’know? And it turns out I was wrong. And now it’s lodged in my throat. (Mimics a cat trying to cough up a hairball.) (He does it again.)
Chandler: But you found the keys to his clothes?
Chandler: That is true.
Chandler: Ahh, I think it just moved. It’s really poking me.
Chandler: I think that’s gum.
Chandler: Okay, listen this really hurts. Let’s go.
Chandler: (entering) Hey!
Chandler: Well, let’s just say that Krog will be fully equipped to destroy the universe again in twelve to fourteen hours.
Chandler: And protected them from a tornado?
Chandler: Was the setting of Phoebe’s triumph.
Chandler: Is not as important as the fact that Phoebe took care of the babies all by herself.
Chandler: (pause) Phoebe, would you take a look at this mess!!!!
Chandler: (watches Joey for a moment) Okay! (Joey quickly moves the hockey stick so that he’s scratching his back with it.) Listen, I’m gonna be moving out so you will be in charge of paying the rent.
Chandler: First of the month.
Chandler: No, just the months you actually want to live here.
Chandler: Okay, here is the phone bill. (Hands it to Joey.)
Chandler: That’s our phone number. Now look, I know I kinda sprung this whole me moving out on thing, so why don’t I just—why don’t I just cover you for a while?
Chandler: It’s not charity, Joe…
Chandler: Okay uh, here’s the electric bill. (Hands it to him.)
Chandler: Uh, yeah.
Chandler: So, we’ll do the rest of the bills later then?
Chandler: No, I hope not! I tried to offer him some money, but he wouldn’t take it.
Chandler: I figure that $1,500 would cover him for a few months, y’know? But I have to trick him into taking it so I won’t hurt his pride.
Chandler: Well that would help the pride thing.
Chandler: Hey! Wow! You look great! Wanna move in with me tomorrow?
Chandler: Okay! (They kiss) So, what do you girls have planned for tonight?
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Well, instead of just hanging out, we figure we’d do nothing.
Chandler: Oh nope, I-I have plans with Joey.
Chandler: Yes, but for the last time.
Chandler: He’s at a dinner party.
Chandler: Oh, I wish I’d know you were going to do that, I ordered Chinese.
Chandler: Say, Joe, I had a strange idea of what we could do for our last night. What do you say we play a little uh, foosball for money?
Chandler: Yes it would. What do you say to $50?
Chandler: Okay, let’s play! The big game, Italy vs. China, apparently.
Chandler: Okay, give me a chance to win my money back. Okay? Sudden death, one goal, $1,000.
Chandler: Oh yes!
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: No! No! No! No—(Joey looks at him)—one can beat me.
Chandler: See? Now, that’s why only the little fake men are supposed to do all the kicking.
Chandler: Still broken?
Chandler: Well, there are other ways of winning back your money, how about a little uh, a little Blackjack? (Holds up a deck of cards.)
Chandler: Okay, uh, how about, how about—y’know what? We could play a new game. A new game, it’s fun.
Chandler: Cups.
Chandler: I’ll teach ya! Come on, come on, it’s really easy and really, really fun.
Chandler: Okay, here you go. (He deals out two cards each.) I have two queens, what do you have?
Chandler: Ho-ho, you win! 50 dollars!
Chandler: Oh yeah! Okay, let’s play again. (He deals out two cards each again.) What do you got?
Chandler: You’re kidding right?
Chandler: Well that’s a full cup! (Pays him again.)
Chandler: You win.
Chandler: It doesn’t matter because nothing beats a three and a six. That my friend is D-Cup. Okay, now much have you won so far?
Chandler: Not 700 exactly?
Chandler: Double it! (He does.)
Chandler: Well you see in Cups, once you get $700, you have to double it.
Chandler: Hey, I didn’t make up the rules. Now, after you receive the doubling bonus, you get uh, one card. Now that one card could be worth $100 bringing your total to 1,500. (Joey gets excited.) Don’t get to excited because that’s not gonna happen unless you get—No way! (He takes the top card, which is the two of clubs. Of course, any card would’ve won. Chandler pays him.)
Chandler: What’s wrong?
Chandler: Wh-How did you lose at Cups?!
Chandler: Oh man!!
Chandler: All right, let’s play one more hand! One more!
Chandler: I can’t take the big white dog! You love it!
Chandler: No, but wait—what if I bought it from you, y’know? And your nice gesture would be giving it to me at a reasonable price, say (Gets choked up) $1,500?
Chandler: When did I try to give you money?
Chandler: I’m just trying to help you out! Okay? I wanna make sure that you’re okay.
Chandler: (entering) Hey.
Chandler: I know. (He kisses her.)
Chandler: No problem roomie. (She turns around and hugs him.)
Chandler: Sure!
Chandler: I invented the game of Cups as a way to give Joey money.
Chandler: Exactly.
Chandler: It’s not a real game! I made it up!
Chandler: At a fake game!!
Chandler: Okay! Now I assume the Saucer card came up when you played last.
Chandler: Hmm, let’s see if it comes up this time. (He looks at his cards and shrugs.)
Chandler: (not amused) And I just realized I can sleep with my eyes open.
Ross and Chandler:
Chandler: I didn't nail the boxes to the floor.
Chandler: Yes, and while I'm doing that, Ross has a great computer story for you. 
Chandler: So, uh, wh-where ya from?
Chandler: Unbelievable
Chandler: Hey, look at all the boxes!
Chandler: All right, think about it. Now remember when you were going out with that girl Donna and you guys broke up. Remember how horrible it was when you guys bumped into each other at the supermarket?
Chandler: Now imagine you live at the supermarket.
Chandler: No-no
Chandler: OK, I'm officially unpacked. Thanks for helping me man. (Turns around and sees that Joey isn't there.) Joe? (Hears giggling coming from a box) Well, I guess Joey went home. Oh and look, there's still one box that I have to unpack. (Hears the giggling again)
Chandler: (pretending) Oh my God! You-almost-gave-me-a-heart-attack.
Chandler: Yeah, not bad right? You know what, Monica’s gonna be working late, so I'm gonna make this place spotless. You know what else I'm gonna do, know what else I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go downstairs, I'm gonna get her some flowers. Now who wouldn't wanna live with me?
Chandler: Yeah, now how's that going though? Are you okay with the not-flirting thing?
Chandler: What does it look like I'm doing? I am cleaning!
Chandler: Authorization? I don't need that. I'm gonna put everything back.
Chandler: Yes I'm gonna put it back (Mocking Ross) exactly where I found it.
Chandler: She's not gonna care if I put her stuff back in the same stupid place.
Chandler: She is gonna recognize that I did a nice thing and-and, appreciate it.
Chandler: I see, I see, y-y-you're trying to freak me out.
Chandler: No, she's not okay? And I'll prove it to you. I'm gonna call her right now. (Picks up the phone and wipes it off) Phone's done ehh.
Chandler: Hey Mon, how's it going?
Chandler: Oh come on, come on, it can't be that bad.
Chandler: No! No-no-no-no-no-no. It sounds like they really need you down there.
Chandler: It's, all good! Okay bye-bye Mon! (To Ross) She's-she's gonna kill me.
Chandler: We should start with the big stuff. Y’know? That'll be the easiest. Uh, let's start with the couch. (He picks up one end and Ross doesn't help) I got it. (He moves it back to where he thinks it goes.)
Chandler: What are you talking about? The couch is perfectly in line with the carpet. And then I can just walk over here and casually just put my feet right up on the...(Tries to rest his feet on the coffee table but they won't reach) OK, OK, here's what we do, we just uh, move the couch closer to the coffee table.
Chandler: OK well here, we'll just move the coffee table closer to the couch.
Chandler: Yes, but the coffee table doesn't match the...blahebdmsdlkhdyslkd;btyds...Rooosss!!!!
Chandler: Oh no, yes we do my man. Remember when we were back in college and we went to that spring dance and you walked right up to that girl you liked and you could not stop talking about the Irish potato famine?
Chandler: Yeah, Monica doesn't like that either, Maybe I should stop doing that. 
Chandler: That's not specific to girls.
Chandler: And they don't like it when you explain why your jokes are funny.
Chandler: Man, I'm so lucky I have Monica.
Chandler: Okay, is this lamp in the same place?
Chandler: (blocks the door) No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no!!! You can't come in here! R-r-r-r-Ross is naked.
Chandler: (to Ross) I couldn't say that I was naked because she's allowed too see me naked.
Chandler: Look, uh, just come later, we'll get everything squared away and you can come back later.
Chandler: Bye! Thank God
Chandler: Look, we have no time okay? We must focus. We gotta get everything back into its original place.
Chandler: That's perfect! That's brilliant! (Starts going through the photo album)
Chandler: Uh-huh
Chandler: No, I don't see anything different other than the fact that the room got so much brighter when you came into it. (Forced laughter)
Chandler: Okay look, don't...don't be mad okay? But after I unpacked the boxes I wanted to do something nice for you, so, I-I-I cleaned the apartment. So I moved everything around and then I forgot where it, where it went back and I'm sorry, I'm very sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Chandler: Do you want me to be afraid of you?
Chandler: Really?
Chandler: Oh well you're the best. You come here to me.
Chandler: Ba dum bumb cheshhh!
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler: Sydney Portier? Hehheh.
Chandler: Oh! That’s great, they haven’t seen the place since I moved in!
Chandler: (shocked at the news) Why can’t I tell them that we live together?
Chandler: Why haven’t you told them?!
Chandler: Why haven’t you told them?! Wouldn’t they be happy?!
Chandler: Why wouldn’t they be happy?
Chandler: What? What? Why?!
Chandler: Is this why they don’t like me or why you don’t like me?
Chandler: Y’know, it’ll be okay. It’ll be okay. Because when they come over, I will be all charming, I will make them fall in love with me, and then we’ll tell ‘em.
Chandler: Hey, I can be pretty charming, babe, I won YOU over, didn’t I?
Chandler: Hey! (Sees Ross is there) Oh, good, Ross! You’re parents like me, right?
Chandler: Well Monica just told me that they don’t.
Chandler: (annoyed) Do you know why?
Chandler: (angry) Well if people don’t know they shouldn’t just guess!
Chandler: This is great, another Thanksgiving with nothing to give thanks for.
Chandler: Maybe I could give thanks by taking my Playstation over to my new apartment.
Chandler: [mocks that last comment].
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Mr. and Mrs. Geller, you look wonderful, it is great to have you hear, let us take off your coats!
Chandler: Whoa, snowing out there?
Chandler: Yeah, Ross sure is a great guy, y’know I’ve always felt that how a young man turns out is a reflection on his father.
Chandler: (worried) He’s the headliner of a gay burlesque show.
Chandler: Oh, yes. Well it’s very beautiful. It’s cream-colored and tight [Realizes what he just said and looks worried. Monica and Ross also looked shocked. Judy and Jack give Chandler a very dirty look.] I don’t mean tight, I mean it’s not too tight, not that I was looking at-[giving up all hope, he puts his head into his hands.]
Chandler: (shocked) What?
Chandler: You do? Why?
Chandler: What?! Why did you do that?
Chandler: How could it not matter?!
Chandler: What about all that “friends forever” stuff?
Chandler: Your parents caught Ross smoking pot in college and he blamed it on me!
Chandler: The reason we haven’t told them we’re together is because they hate me, okay? So will you fix this?
Chandler: Yeah, I’m not gonna pay for those acting classes anymore.
Chandler: (clearly lying and hating the dessert) Yeah, this is so good, that I’m gonna go enjoy it on the balcony so that I can enjoy the view whilst I enjoy my dessert.
Chandler: (lying) Yes, but if it’s any consolation, before the bird dropped it, he seemed to enjoy it.
Chandler: Thank you!
Chandler: (In a parent-like tone) I’ll talk to them! 
Chandler: Let me ask you, why is everybody using these tiny lights nowadays? I remember when people used to use big lights.
Chandler: I dunno what it is, it just doesn’t quite feel like Christmas to me.
Chandler: See now it feels like Christmas!
Chandler: Hey Joe what’s up?
Chandler: I can see why that’s hard to resist.
Chandler: You are aware that she’s not a monkey, right?
Chandler: Ah, you’re still just a little fat girl inside aren’t you? (He kisses her on the cheek)
Chandler: What, what are you laughing at?
Chandler: I don’t think so.
Chandler: (To Rachel) Oh my God!
Chandler: I can save you time ladies, I’m right here.
Chandler: What? That’s terrible!
Chandler: Oh well, that makes it not terrible.
Chandler: No not okay, you can’t look for Monica’s presents!
Chandler: No, you don’t have to, and you can’t because I live here too.
Chandler: Why?
Chandler: No, I have a great idea for a present for her.
Chandler: If I help, we can find ‘em faster!
Chandler: Y’know when you guys said you were gonna go across the hall and look, you don’t, you don’t do that every year do you?
Chandler: You don’t, like go into the back of my closet, and look under my gym bag or anything?
Chandler: Because that’s where Joey gave me some stuff to store that I’ve never seen before in my life! Okay, that did not just happen! (He does a weird clicky motion with his fingers, that kinda hard to describe.)
Chandler: I couldn't find anything at Joey--Hey-hey, oh hey!
Chandler: Those are my gifts, I got them for you.
Chandler: Those are book ends! That's a great gift!
Chandler: Make sure you put all that stuff back in the closet, okay?
Chandler: Oh, hey guys!
Chandler: Yes, if the presents are hidden south for the winter.
Chandler: Oh, the duck seems to think that Monica got me garbage! Hmm, I wonder what I could get Monica that’s as good as garbage?
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Oh great!
Chandler: Okay! Okay! Okay!
Chandler: Wait, we can’t do this.
Chandler: I don’t wanna know what Monica got me. Y’know? I mean, look, I’m sure she worked really hard at getting you a present, and wanting to surprise me, and you guys are gonna ruin that, and I, look we have to put these back, this is not what Christmas is about.
Chandler: Nobody is opening anything ok? Look, I don’t know about you guys, but I wanna see the look on Monica’s face when I give her my present, and I’m sure she wants to see the look on my face when I get mine. So please, please, can we just, can we put them back?
Chandler: Fine!
Chandler: That’s what you got me?
Chandler: Now you do that, you’re on TV.
Chandler: That’s great!
Chandler: So you kissed her, so what happened after that?
Chandler: So she’s just waiting over there for ya?
Chandler: (entering) Oh hey Rachel, sweetheart? You have got to tell the post office that you have moved. Okay? We are still getting all your bills and stuff. (Hands her all of her bills and stuff.)
Chandler: I’m not your garbage man. I’m your mailman.
Chandler: A pharmacist. (Rachel mocks him.)
Chandler: You took off your pants and climbed under the sheets!
Chandler: You made pottery?
Chandler: Ahh, just like the apothecary tables of yore…
Chandler: …so then the farmer says, "That’s not a cow and you’re not milking it." (Everyone laughs.) 
Chandler: Look at us, we’re a couple of couples!
Chandler: Yeah all right. (They part.) Okay, good night guys.
Chandler: And here is the bottle of wine for you to bring over tonight. (Hands it to him.) You were also going to buy Monica flowers but you couldn’t afford it, because you paid dinner last night.
Chandler: Oh that’s too bad.
Chandler: That’s funny, I saw no phlegm.
Chandler: Then why-why is she going to a play?!
Chandler: Well, why does she not want to hang out with us?!
Chandler: So she was just pretending to have a good time last night? She was lying to our faces?!
Chandler: And I am not blah, I am a hoot!
Chandler: No, you sh—No you said you made that up!!
Chandler: Eh, they’re both good. I generally just go with, Monica’s drunk again. (Monica glares at him.) 
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Okay, one more time.
Chandler: Perfect decibel.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Oh nothing, we’re just talking. Y’know, blah-blah-blah.
Chandler: That’s totally understandable.
Chandler: Oh yeah!
Chandler: And I’m blah? Listen, the only thing more boring than watching modern dance is having to listen to you talk about it, (Imitating her) "Oh Chandler, I just lost myself in the moment."
Chandler: (To Monica) Y’know I think you can take her.
Chandler: Did you hear that?
Chandler: Yeah, I’m sorry man. (Pause) You wanna go watch?
Chandler: Hey so, did uh, did she move out?
Chandler: You okay?
Chandler: That is funny. It was also funny when I made it up.
Chandler: I made that joke up.
Chandler: Yes, I did. I told it to Dan at work, and he said it was the funniest joke he’d ever heard.
Chandler: Monica, you remember me telling you that joke, right?
Chandler: Seriously?
Chandler: Yeah, I guess.
Chandler: (jumping up from his chair) Hey, Joey, Playboy printed my joke.
Chandler: It’s my joke.
Chandler: Dude, you have got to turn on Behind the Music. The band Heart is having a really tough time, and I think they may break up.
Chandler: Nah, Monica’s watching some cooking show. Come on, I don’t want to miss when they were skinny.
Chandler: What? No, I want to watch this. (He turns on the television and the screen is completely covered in snow). Did your cable go out?
Chandler: Joey, why is your cable out?
Chandler: If you need money, will you please-please just let me loan you some money?
Chandler: Whoa ho.
Chandler: (picks up the phone) All right, you want to see if the joke stealer will let us watch the show at his place?
Chandler: (with phone to ear, obviously hearing no dial tone) Paid your phone bill?
Chandler: Yeah.
Chandler: So, you heard it, you repeated it, so that must mean you wrote it.
Chandler: And monkeys can’t write out prescriptions.
Chandler: (stops laughing, to Ross) You are not allowed to laugh at my joke.
Chandler: So, you stole my joke, and you stole my money.
Chandler: Well, she is going to know that you stole the joke.
Chandler: Yeah!
Chandler: Okay (he goes to sit down).
Chandler: (visibly upset) He took my joke, he took it. 
Chandler: You know who else picked Rachel? Ross, and you know what else Ross did? He stole my joke. You know what? I’m going to get a joke journal. Y’know? And document the date and time of every single one of my jokes.
Chandler: Yeah!
Chandler: Picking Rachel.
Chandler: Maybe it’s the sound of Ross climbing into my brain and stealing my thoughts.
Chandler: So is your apron. You’re wearing it like a cape.
Chandler: I think it’s great that you work here. You’re going to make a lot of money, and here’s your first tip: Don’t eat yellow snow. (He laughs, then picks up a pen, glares at Ross, and writes in his journal). Ah ha ha, 2:15, coffeehouse.
Chandler: It’s my joke.
Ross and Chandler: 
Chandler: Let’s have Monica decide.
Chandler: Yeah!
Chandler: Mon, get out here!
Chandler: Okay, okay. You have to help us decide whose joke this is.
Chandler: Because you’re the only one that can be fair.
Chandler: (to Ross) Don’t try to sway her. (To Monica) (Softly) I’m your only chance to have a baby. Okay, let’s go.
Chandler: Okay, I thought of the joke two months ago at lunch with Steve.
Chandler: Can I finish my story?!
Chandler: So Steve said he had to go to the doctor. And Steve’s doctor’s name is Doctor Muppy. So I said, ‘Doctor Monkey?’ And that is how the whole Doctor Monkey thing came up. (He slams his feet up on the table to emphasize his point.)
Chandler: I’m not arguing with that.
Chandler: Is not.
Chandler: Hi, oh hi.
Chandler: (starts to recite a rehearsed speech) Monica is a self-sufficient, together lady. (Pause.) Being with her has been like being on a vacation. And what may be perceived as high maintenance is merely attention to detail and—(He falters and Monica prompts him.)—generosity of spirit.
Chandler: (To Chandler) I’m out of words. Should I just say the whole thing again?
Chandler: (pauses as he struggles with what he has to say) You’re a little high maintenance.
Chandler: I’m sorry. You’re not easy-going, but you’re passionate, and that’s good. And when you get upset about the little things, I think that I’m pretty good about making you feel better about that. And that’s good too. So, they can say that you’re high maintenance, but it’s okay, because I like … maintaining you.
Chandler: (happily) I’m off the list. (Sits on the couch.) 
Chandler: Hey, buddy boy, how’d the audition go?
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Joey! (Pause as they all stare at him.) No way. I’m not answering that. 
Chandler: This coming from the man who couldn’t split our 80 dollar phone bill in half.
Chandler: Hey, what are you doing here? Shouldn’t you be at work?
Chandler: I’m so sorry you’re sick.
Chandler: I’m gonna grab you some tissue.
Chandler: Yes?
Chandler: Oh my God, introduce us!
Chandler: Boy did we make friends with the wrong sister! (Rachel glares at him.)
Chandler: I know, let’s rest and drink lots of fluids. (Holds up a glass of orange juice.)
Chandler: That would be impossible to resist if you weren’t all drippy here. (Points to his nose.)
Chandler: Yeah, I don’t you should say that even when you’re healthy.
Chandler: Don’t take this personally okay? It’s just that I just can’t have sex with a sick person.
Chandler: That’s the thing, see I would like to stay in the pribe of mwha-ah-libe.
Chandler: Oh what is it honey, you need some tea? Some soup? (He gets up from the couch and goes into the bedroom to find Monica, still in the robe, lying seductively on the bed. Or at least she’s trying too and as he enters the room, she takes the robe off on of her legs.) Oh-ohhhh!
Chandler: Oh Jeez honey, I thought, I thought you were asleep.
Chandler: I was asleep. (She takes off her robe and starts to shiver) Oh no! No-no honey! Y’know what’s sexy? Layers. Layers are sexy. And blankets are sexy. And oh! Hot water bottles are sexy.
Chandler: Would you please get some rest!
Chandler: Really? Struck down in the pribe of libe!
Chandler: No-no-no-no-no-no-no, you are not getting me this way.
Chandler: No-no-no-no-no!
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: So you’re just, kinda rubbing it on yourself?
Chandler: It’s nice.
Chandler: Yes! (Hangs his head in shame.)
Chandler: It’s all very, very good. (She covers up and sits down.) So you wanna go uh, mix it up?
Chandler: Oh come on you big faker!
Chandler: Well that was before all the vaporizing action.
Chandler: Okay! (Runs into the bedroom.)
Chandler: (calling from the bathroom) What are you doing here?
Chandler: We got some Vap-O-Rub in some places.
Chandler: He’s taking off her coat!
Chandler: Ho-oh, he’s gonna get some! (Rachel looks at him.) Of the glare from the streetlight out of his apartment. Y’know so umm, he’s closed the drapes there so he can have a nice, pleasant conversation with your little sister. (Pause) Well, I’m off to bed! (Goes to bed.)
Chandler: I’m good.
Chandler: (looking) Is that a swing?
Chandler: Yuck!
Chandler: That was like 5 years ago.
Chandler: Joey…
Chandler: (totally not crying) Well see now that I can see crying over, but Bambi is a cartoon!
Chandler: Yes it was very sad when the guy stopped drawing the deer!
Chandler: I’m not macho.
Chandler: No, I guess I just never really cried. Y’know? I’m not a crying kind of guy.
Chandler: I’d be sad sure, but I wouldn’t cry.
Chandler: Cry?! I just found a talking puppy, I’m rich!
Chandler: Oh, that’s Parent’s Day, first grade. That’s me with the janitor Martin.
Chandler: Oh they didn’t want to come!
Chandler: No! Look, I don’t cry! It’s not a big deal! Okay?!
Chandler: You didn’t get more movies that are gonna have us reaching for the tissues all night did you?
Chandler: Phoebe Buffay in Buffay: The Vampire Layer.
Chandler: Hey, I had a terrible childhood and I don’t do porn.
Chandler: Her ankle is what you’re watching?
Chandler: She’s just doing her job!
Chandler: Hey! (He quickly tries to hide the book by throwing it under the couch, only the couch has no back and it slides into the kitchen.)
Chandler: There’s no back to this couch!
Chandler: Yeah I know, but I figured a shot y’know? Maybe one of those stories would make me cry and then you wouldn’t think I was y’know, all dead inside.
Chandler: Oh that makes me feel so warm in my hollow tin chest.
Chandler: No, I mean, come on, seriously think about it, we get married, we’re up at the altar and I’m like this. (Makes a bored face.)
Chandler: Yeah?
Chandler: Okay, well I won’t uh, worry about this anymore then.
Chandler: Aww, I love you so…
Chandler: What?!
Chandler: So you didn’t mean any of that?!
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: (To Monica) Maybe we should give them some privacy.
Chandler: (crying hysterically) I just don’t see why those two can’t work things out!
Chandler: (starts crying) I-I can’t believe Jill’s gone. (They all look at him.) I can’t help it, I opened a gate.
Chandler: Maybe the problem was you were pronouncing it kara-tay.
Chandler: Sure I would!
Chandler: What, you guys really think that I’m that shallow?
Chandler: What if I had had the guts to quit my job? I’d probably be writing for the New Yorker, getting paid to be funny. But my job’s fun too! I mean tomorrow, I-I don’t have to wear a tie.
Chandler: (entering, depressed) Hey.
Chandler: Oh I just got another rejection letter. They said my writing was funny, just not "Archie Comic funny."
Chandler: Was his question what’s more boring than him?
Chandler: Hey, I may have no money, but I still have my pride.
Chandler: Ehh.
Chandler: I could use the money; it could give me time to write.
Chandler: Okay!
Chandler: All right!
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Well it’s kinda hard to be friends with Drake because of his busy schedule and the fact that he’s not real.
Chandler: Uh-oh, it’s my boss!
Chandler: (reading the list) Drop off my dry cleaning. Pick up my vitamins. Teach me how to spell vitamins. Wear in my new jeans.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: But the Kit-Kats are all right?!
Chandler: Phoebe, are you having a heart attack?! 
Chandler: I always thought having a heart attack was nature’s way of telling you to die! (Phoebe glares at him.) But you’re not gonna die. I mean, you are going to die, but you’re not gonna die today. I wish I was dead.
Chandler: Oh just great. He beeps me now with codes. One is, "Bring me food." Two is, "I’m with a girl, bring us food." Three is, "I’m lost and I can’t find food."
Chandler: (approaching) Here you go Joe, here’s the freshly squeezed orange juice you asked for. (Hands it to him.)
Chandler: Yeah?
Chandler: I’m sorry, I guess I just like the pulp.
Chandler: Okay, anything for you sir?
Chandler: It’s not all juice! (Rachel quickly gets out of the way.)
Chandler: Who sold a story to Archie Comics?!
Chandler: Aww.
Chandler: You wanna share it?
Chandler: What’s this?
Chandler: Aww, thanks man. (They hug.)
Chandler: Oh you wouldn’t uh, care. It’s just a stupid comic book story.
Chandler: Well uh, Archie needs money to fix his jalopy (Joey laughs), uh but he doesn’t want Reggie to just give him the money. So Reggie hires him as his assist—as his butler. And then makes him do all these crazy things like bring him milkshakes that can’t have lumps in them.
Chandler: No, the doctors say it may kill her.
Chandler: (To Ross) But I think we should tell her.
Chandler: Listen Phoebe, he’s right. People are not supposed to have heart attacks at 31.
Chandler: Uh, what about y’know the massage thing? That never gave you a heart attack.
Chandler: I’m sorry you’re here with me instead of Roger.
Chandler: Well, I could make it seem like he’s here. (Imitates him.) "Here’s some little known facts about cous-cous. They didn’t add the second cous until 1979." (Mumbles something further.)
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: What was tonight?
Chandler: Okay. (Pause.) What was tonight?
Chandler: With Roger? (Monica shyly looks away.) Not just with Roger?! (Monica shrugs.) Oh my God!
Chandler: Four different women! I’ve had sex way more times!
Chandler: Nine.
Chandler: Well good, good for you. You really think that Roger is the perfect guy?
Chandler: Hey that’s what I tell girls about me.
Chandler: No you are not! You are sweet and wonderful and this is gonna happen for you.
Chandler: Okay. (They both realize what he just said.)
Chandler: So was I.
Chandler: We can’t do this.
Chandler: Yeah! (Takes it.) If-if-if we did do this there would be a lot of pressure on me, y’know? Because you’ve been waiting a very long time and I wouldn’t want to disappoint you.
Chandler: I do like that.
Chandler: Well, if it helps there were only three. So it would just be for tonight, right?
Chandler: Stop it! We’re doing this! Let’s do it!
Chandler: Okay! (They both get up.)
Chandler: I have some moves.
Chandler: Yeah, let’s just forget it.
Chandler: Okay!
Chandler: Oh yeah.
Chandler: (sexily) Yeah?
Chandler: Oh my God!
Chandler: Oh, okay! (He rolls over to do that again.)
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Let me tell you about this chick I scored with last night! Oh no wait a minute that was you!
Chandler: So you uh, want to do something tonight?
Chandler: Oh. Oh right! Right! Because you’re still seeing him and uh, he’s a good guy. I mean, I remember a time when… (He fakes falling asleep.)
Chandler: Yeah! Totally! Totally, and you?
Chandler: I bet he can.
Chandler: Oh yeah! Yeah! Don’t worry about me, I’ll be fine! (Does a kara-tay move.)
Chandler: (sticking his head in the door) Okay to come in?
Chandler: Yeah I know, guess who beeped him?
Chandler: I’m the ruptured spleen. (Laughs.) 
Chandler: Because you shouldn’t be with him. (Pause.) You should be with me.
Chandler: Yeah! When you were talking about Roger, that was killing me! Look, things like last night they don’t just happen. Y’know? Or at least not to me. Or with the other two women, in the morning y’know I was just lying there and I couldn’t wait to just go hang out with my friends, but with you I always y’know with a friend.
Chandler: I know you probably don’t want to go out with me, y’know because I make too many jokes and I’ve never been in a serious relationship and I guess I’m not technically a "doctor…"
Chandler: No, there were two.
Chandler: Oh yeah.
Chandler: Yeah.
Chandler: Twenty percent is a pretty generous tip Joe.
Chandler: I see where you’re goin’!
Chandler: (reminiscing) Ah, finally an explanation.
Chandler: Hey-hey, is Monica here?
Chandler: Okay, look I need your help, I don’t know what to get her for Valentine’s Day.
Chandler: (laughs) She was working on Valentine’s Day so we’re celebrating it tonight.
Chandler: Well appealing as that does sound to her boyfriend (pause) and her brother, (the camera pans to Ross flashing Joey a very evil look; Joey gets scared) I can’t do that we promised we’d make each other gifts this year.
Chandler: Yeah, I thought so to until I paper mached one of my eyes shut.
Chandler: I made a… (Does one of those gibberish words.)
Chandler: Nothing!
Chandler: Well, have you guys made anything that maybe I can take credit for?
Chandler: (admiring his work) This, this actually is a… (Does the same gibberish word from before.)
Chandler: Hey! Honey, can I ask you a question about the Valentine’s Day gifts?
Chandler: Do we have to make the entire thing?
Chandler: Of course, of course not. I just have to uh, go over to the place where I-I made it and pick-pick it up.
Chandler: (sticking his head back in) What?
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: What?!
Chandler: Okay, are you aware unagi (does the finger thing) is an eel?
Chandler: I can’t figure out what to make Monica.
Chandler: I’m going crazy! Okay? Do you have any thing around here that looks homemade?
Chandler: Yeah, I guess I could use that. I could say that your love sends me to the moon.
Chandler: Wait a minute, I can’t give this to her.
Chandler: Because it says "Captain Ross" on the side and "I hate Monica" on the bottom.
Chandler: Okay. Okay. (He goes to the closet, moves the clothes out of the way, and notices an empty hanger. He takes the empty hanger and bends it all out of shape. Then he holds it out as if he’s giving it to her.) Yes honey, I made it myself. (He throws it down and goes to her chest, grabs something, goes to the bed table, and takes out a pair of scissors. He turns around and holds the scissors to the crotch of the panties he just removed.) I can’t do it. I can’t do it. (He throws them both down and continues looking. He opens another closet door and finds a tape.) Oh! Oh! A mixed tape! A mixed tape!! (He runs out into the living room.)
Chandler: Hey! Hi! You uh, ready to exchange gifts?
Chandler: Okay, come here! Come here.
Chandler: Now, it’s not wrapped because I just, just finished it.
Chandler: But I made you a tape of what I think are all romantic songs.
Chandler: (momentarily terrified) Maybe we’ll have to listen and see!
Chandler: Okay!
Chandler: Yeah!
Chandler: It’s a sock bunny.
Chandler: Not really.
Chandler: I see. Y’know umm, Phoebe makes sock bunnies.
Chandler: Oh, it’s okay. I don’t…
Chandler: (thinking it over) Well, I did put a lot of thought in the tape. (They both run into the bedroom.)
Chandler: Wow! (To the sock bunny still on his hand.) You are way to young to have seen that!
Chandler: You are totally and completely 100% forgiven.
Chandler: Yeah! (Takes it off his hand and throws it behind the night-stand.)
Chandler: You have done enough!
Chandler: No you don’t—get it in black, not brown.
Chandler: Oop!
Chandler: Well, it’s like that old saying, have some sex, eat some cake.
Chandler: Who the hell is Carl?!
Chandler: Y’know sometimes the good ideas are just right in front of you, aren’t they?
Chandler: Oh my good God.
Chandler: Look, you have done enough! Okay? You have to stop this now.
Chandler: Oh, the mixed tape.
Chandler: No! You’re the sweetest! (He tries to kiss her but Monica backs away with a look that could kill on her face.)
Chandler: I am so, so, so, so sorry!
Chandler: And I will cook anything you want in here (points to the kitchen), and do anything in there! (Points to the bedroom.)
Chandler: Come on Monica, it’s our Valentine’s Day. Please? Please-please, please?
Chandler: Okay. (They hug.)
Chandler: So, are we going in there?
Chandler: Ahh, Hotties of the Paleontology Department, there’s a big selling calendar, eh?
Chandler: A hot girl’s at stake and all of the sudden he’s Rain Man.
Chandler: Oh, is that against the rules?
Chandler: I see.
Chandler: Oh yeah, Dana Keystone. She was in my Movement class.
Chandler: Oh, I don’t know man. I haven’t talked to her in like ten years.
Chandler: You do owe me so much. You owe me three thousand, four hundred…
Chandler: Oh okay, I’ll-I’ll try.
Chandler: Yeah so, Tuesday?
Chandler: (sarcastically) Thank you.
Chandler: You just thought of that in there?
Chandler: What are you smiling about? What is so funny?
Chandler: How’s your room Rach?
Chandler: Have you figured out what started the fire Mr. Fireman?
Chandler: God, it’s great to catch up! I can’t believe how long it’s been!
Chandler: (on phone) Oh that’s great! Good for you.
Chandler: Okay! So yeah, maybe we can get together umm… (Joey mimes throwing something in the air, catching it, rolling it out, putting it in an oven and cutting it.) Can you hold for one second please? (To Joey) What?!
Chandler: (on phone) Hi! I’m back. (Goes to hang up the phone.) Yeah, that sounds great. (Listens) Okay. Well, we’ll do it then. (Listens) Okay, bye-bye. (He hangs up the phone and turns around to see Joey standing close to him and screams.)
Chandler: Hi.
Chandler: (To Joey) We didn’t get to the audition. I’m gonna take her to coffee and then we’ll do it then.
Chandler: Honey, it is not a date! I haven’t talked to her in ten years! You can’t just call up somebody you haven’t talked to in ten years and ask them for a favor. There are rules, y’know? You gotta, you got to put in some time.
Chandler: No, we only went out once.
Chandler: Not once!
Chandler: (laughs) Oh that’s great, my friend Joey’s in the movie business.
Chandler: (giggles) My friend’s name is Joey.
Chandler: Yeah, I’ve always hated that Howie.
Chandler: The nerve huh?
Chandler: Refill?
Chandler: (entering) Hey.
Chandler: I couldn’t do it.
Chandler: Hey, relax I just need more time. We’re going to dinner tonight.
Chandler: Uh, Dana Keystone from college.
Chandler: No, that was Dana Caplin.
Chandler: Great story again! The yarns that you weave! Woo-hoo-hoo!
Chandler: Oh no-no-no! Stay! Stay! Because you-you should you-you-you should stay!
Chandler: Oh no-no-no, that’s not—No-no-no!
Chandler: No-no—Really?!
Chandler: (breaking up) Well, it just hurts so bad. I uh…
Chandler: Well maybe there is one thing you can do.
Chandler: Well, I umm, I mean this is just off the top of my head now, umm but I have this friend. This actor friend and he would kill me if he thought I was doing this umm, but umm would it be possible for him to get an audition for your movie say on Thursday?
Chandler: Well, the heart wants what it wants. I’ll see you later. (He runs off and leaves her with the bill, which the waiter promptly delivers.)
Chandler: (entering, sees Rachel’s throw) Ni-hi-ice! 
Chandler: (To Joey) So, you busy Thursday?
Chandler: Okay. Okay. (Joey puts him down.) What are you gonna do to me if you get the part?
Chandler: Really?
Chandler: No! No! No! I was so careful! (Runs out.)
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: So?!
Chandler: It’s Thursday! How was the audition?!
Chandler: Well, of course I do! My good friend Joey over here. (Pats Joey’s arm, Joey pats Chandler’s shoulder, and Chandler motions for Joey to say the same about him.)
Chandler: So he has to be a male who has at least $50.
Chandler: (laughs) Isn’t she cute? (On Monica’s death stare) No!
Chandler: So, why is she leaving? Is it a school night and she has a lot of homework to do?
Chandler: Oh, tell her good luck with that.
Chandler: Yeah. Do we have any Fruit Roll-Ups?
Chandler: Oh that’s so funny because we found someone too.
Chandler: Why would our guy be a weirdo?
Chandler: A face ass?
Chandler: No, our guy is just a floating head.
Chandler: (horrified) Wait! You look? You-you massaged me.
Chandler: Our guy has great hair.
Chandler: Our guy smells incredible.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Well, you…don’t look good Joe.
Chandler: That’s still in there?!
Chandler: Is this a service you’re providing me?
Chandler: Our new fridge? I don’t live here anymore.
Chandler: Uh-huh.
Chandler: (not quite sure where Joey’s going and is a little worried) Okay…
Chandler: Just tell her the truth! Tell her you’re not ready.
Chandler: Then you distract her with a Barbie doll.
Chandler: Joey, I saw you push him!
Chandler: Uh-huh.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Wait a minute, is she going for spring vacation or is she going for spring break? (Does a little whooping/party noise.)
Chandler: I can see it now, "Look dad, it’s the Sphinx!" (Does that party noise again.)
Chandler: Yeah.
Chandler: Are you sure?! Because our guy smells incredible!
Chandler: Are you funny?
Chandler: (To Monica) Turns out he is kinda funny. 
Chandler: Yeah, but Sebastian? What is that? A cat’s name?
Chandler: Okay, so you will meet our guys?
Chandler: Okay now it doesn’t matter which one you choose, y’know? It’s completely up to you. Our guy is perfect, or you can go out with the guy Phoebe deemed not good enough to go out with herself.
Chandler: (To Ross) Well, there you are! So what did Elizabeth say?
Chandler: You know the hotels?
Chandler: Well, maybe you don’t marry this one.
Chandler: Good-good-good-good.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Tomorrow night is good. Tomorrow night is good, but uh, y’know what? Why put off something till tomorrow that you can do right now? (Laughs) Eldad come here! (He stands up from the next table.)
Chandler: Eldad, sit down. (To Rachel) Move over! Move over now!
Chandler: There you go! There you are! (Rachel stares at Monica and Chandler)
Chandler: Hi. (To Phoebe) Okay, you’re too late okay? Because she’s already with our guy.
Chandler: It is the softest hair! Touch it! (Both he and Monica do so.)
Chandler: (To Rachel) Eldad is much more cooperative! And he can dance! (To Eldad) You dance for Rachel!
Chandler: So what was it for anyway?
Chandler: Yeah.
Chandler: (To Joey) So uh, what’s this thing you’re auditioning for?
Chandler: That is lucky.
Chandler: Now-now, why would you say that Joseph?
Chandler:  Whoa, she's pretty. (Mentioning the girl on TV)
Chandler:  Oh, ok.
Joey:  I play Al Pacino's butt. All right? He goes into the shower, and then- I'm his butt.  Monica: (trying not to laugh) Oh my God.  Joey:  C'mon, you guys. This is a real movie, and Al Pacino's in it, and that's big!  Chandler: Oh no, it's terrific, it's- it's- y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into show business.  Joey: Okay, okay, fine! Make jokes, I don't care! This is a big break for me!  Ross: You're right, you're right, it is.
Chandler: Oh, are we playing this?!
Chandler: Hey! How’d the audition go?
Chandler: So it did go well.
Chandler: Oh that’s great!
Chandler: Oh my God!
Chandler: Oh-oh, what are you doing?
Chandler: Well, it is overdue.
Chandler: (on phone) Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!
Chandler: Oh come on guys, it’s not like I moved to Europe! I just moved across the hall! And we would have you over all the time if it weren’t for (struggles to get this out) Monica’s allergies. (The duck quacks.) You’re right, I could never lie to you. She hates you. (The phone rings.) Should I get that? (Laughs, then answers the phone.) Hello? (Listens) Uh no, Joey’s not here right now. Can I take a message? (Listens) Yeah, okay so the audition has been moved from 5:00 to 2:30? (Listens) Okay great. (Listens.) Bye. (Hangs up the phone and goes to write the message on the Magna-Doodle on the door but Monica walks in and forces him to jump out of the way.)
Chandler: (looks down at his clothes) Am I naked again?!
Chandler: Yeah okay, I was just talking to the guys. Just look at them I mean, is it okay if they come visit?
Chandler: Oh right, your allergies. (Monica leaves and to the chick and duck) All her, she hates you. (Chandler leaves without finishing the message for Joey.)
Chandler: As crazy as soccer?
Chandler: You mean you didn’t get it from this?
Chandler: Well, maybe we can fix it y’know? Maybe we can send him some-some big-big flowers and scare him!
Chandler: I messed up. Okay? I’m sorry, I really messed up.
Chandler: Which I bought for ya. Taught ya how to use it. You thought it was a copier. Look, if there was anything I could do, I would do it. Okay? But everybody’s allowed one mistake, right?
Chandler:  You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller!  The eyesore from the Liberace house of crap!
Chandler:  Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection. [Joey walks in behind Chandler]
Chandler:  I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . [turns around and sees Joey] Hi!
Chandler:  Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and…
Chandler:  No! No! No! I just kissed her.
Chandler:  How is that worse?!
Chandler:  You’re right, I have no excuses! I was totally over the line.
Chandler: Look, I’m not saying that you should magically forgive me! But you’re not perfect! You’ve made some errors in judgment too!
Chandler: (lets him out) What happened?!!
Chandler:  What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!
Chandler:  So--You got in voluntarily?!
Chandler:  BEND OVER?!!!
Chandler: Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.
Chandler: ...And what did you bring?
Chandler: Janice?
Chandler: Janice?!
Chandler: Joey's tailor...took advantage of me.
Chandler: Oh come on!  He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite...
Chandler: Cupping.
Chandler: I can’t believe I did this! What an idiot!
Chandler: Do you think he’ll ever forgive me?
Chandler: Y’know what? I-I kinda have.
Chandler: You didn’t see how mad he was, y’know?
Chandler: (coming out from behind the door) I KNEW IT!!!!
Chandler: Oh my God!  
Chandler: Joey? Got you a Joey Special, two pizzas! Joe? (The phone rings and he answers it) (On phone) Hello? (Takes the phone away from his mouth when he realizes what he just did and yells.) Damnit! (Back on phone.) Hello? (Listens.) No, Joey’s not here right now, but I can take a message I think. (Listens) He’s still got a chance for the part?! Oh, that’s great news! (Listens) Well no obviously not for the actor who was mauled by his dog. (Listens) Oh well, that’s great. I will give Joey the message. Thank you! (Hangs up and goes to write the message on the Magna-Doodle.) Yes! (Reading what he’s writing) Okay, Mac audition at 2:00. Allergy actor attacked. (Pause) By dog not flowers.
Chandler: Please tell me you got the message!
Chandler: The actor playing Mac couldn’t do it, they needed to see you at 2 o’clock.
Chandler: Du-du-I wrote it, I wrote it on the board! I wrote it on the board, then I went all over New York City looking for ya! I went to Ross’s! I went to the coffeehouse! I went to any place that they made sandwiches!
Chandler: Sorry! I-I-I don’t know what to say.
Chandler: (angrily) Is that supposed to be funny! I was really worried over here!
Chandler: Y’know, sometimes that fake out thing is just mean!
Chandler: Well that’s good. Because you didn’t! And I’m incredibly happy for ya!!
Chandler: Oh, we could do this all day.
Chandler: You are gonna be a huge star! I’m gonna hug ya!
Chandler: All right!
Chandler: I think so. Yeah, get off me.
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: (To Monica) Oh, well thank you in advance. (Kisses her.)
Chandler: Hey!!
Chandler: Oh that’s right. It’s your first day! So are you psyched to fight fake crime with your robot sidekick?
Chandler: Are you judging them by their covers? Because you’re really not supposed to do that.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Wait a minute, hold the phone! You’re not Elizabeth’s dad?!
Chandler: Ross!
Chandler: There’s a Mr. Bing!
Chandler: But uh Ross, Ross is a great guy! I was roommates with him in college. Uh, funny story… (He starts laughing then notices that Paul isn’t happy.) You’re roommate in college died didn’t he?
Chandler: Yes, we were just…
Chandler: Hey honey, you got the kind with the little girl, you said we were gonna to get the kind with the baby.
Chandler: No, the little girl creeps me out.
Chandler: Why would the baby creep me out?
Chandler: This is going in your book?
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Damn those robots, they’re supposed to be our faithful servants!
Chandler: So do you think uh, Joey’s more charming than me?
Chandler: Yeah, you wish. (Stops to think about it and gets depressed.)
Chandler: Who?
Chandler: Hmm.
Chandler: Oh.
Chandler: Oh-oh.
Chandler: We said seven!
Chandler: The only way that I said six would be if the seven’s, let meet at seven, not at six.
Chandler: Oh my good God.
Chandler: What?!
Chandler: (disgusted) What does it say?!
Chandler: Thank you for writing your book. Its-its uh, great book and you are the queen of everything.
Chandler: (To Monica) I told you I should not wear this color. (He’s wearing a reddish-orange sweater.)
Chandler: So you knew we were gonna miss the movie!
Chandler: Oh I’m so sorry man! Is there anything I can do?
Chandler: Hi, how are ya?
Chandler: (whispering in Joey’s ear) The reason he just said.
Chandler: Yeah, I’ve been there my friend.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: I’ll give up my ticket.
Chandler: And I think Ross is generous too.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Ross.
Chandler: (on machine) You’ve reached Monica and Chandler’s, if you’re listening to this message, we’re probably screening. (to himself) Yeah we are.
Chandler: (on phone) This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing! (Listens) Yes, the groom—No! Not the groom!!
Chandler: (gets up) See you later. (Starts to leave.)
Chandler: (angrily) Well next time ask! Or at least wait for me to ask! (He storms out.)
Chandler: (on machine) This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing! (The machine beeps off.)
Chandler: I’m not freaking out. Why would I be freaking out? A woman named Heldi called and said we were getting married, but that happens everyday. (Does one of those Chandler noises.)
Chandler: Right here! (Clucks like a chicken for some reason.)
Chandler: Phoebe and Rachel! So the people that knew about our wedding before me were you, Phoebe and Rachel, Heldi, and apparently some band called Starlight Magic 7 who are available by the way!
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Yes, if it really doesn’t mean anything, because you know that I’m just not ready…
Chandler: Okay. (They hug.)
Chandler: Totally.
Chandler: Yeah, it’s beautiful.
Chandler: I know.
Chandler: Pheebs, can you help me pick out an engagement ring for Monica? I can’t figure this out! It’s so hard! Should I get her a (turning to each page) Tiffany cut or a Princess cut or a—ah-ah! Paper cut!
Chandler: No, I don’t want to tell anybody else because I don’t want Monica to find out.
Chandler: Well, it’s because I trust you, you’re one of my best friends, and you walked in on me when I was looking at ring brochures.
Chandler: Me too.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Oh all right.
Chandler: Oh well, we don’t because we got…the…other pl-place.
Chandler: Nothin! This is the nine millionth ring store we’ve been too and I can’t find the perfect ring! (Goes over to another display counter and starts pointing at rings.) Ugly ring! Ugly ring! Ugly ring! (Notices that one of the jewelers is watching him.) It’s a beautiful selection. (The jeweler walks away slowly.)
Chandler: Y’know, I’m so glad I picked you to help me with this.
Chandler: Yeah, I’m gonna stick with the ring. (Goes to another display counter.) Oh, this one’s nice! (Pointing to another ring.) I like this one! Sir? Uh, kind sir? Can I see this one?
Chandler: Uh-uh, yes. I would like to see that ring please.
Chandler: Sir, can I ask you to umm, could you…hold out that ring and ask me to marry you?
Chandler: (choking up) Oh my God that’s it, that’s the ring! How much is it?
Chandler: Yes! Yes, but I can only pay $8,000.
Chandler: Uh, credit card. (Reaches for it then realizes) Oh no! No-no, but I left my credit card with Joey. (To Phoebe) Okay, I’ll go get it. You guard the ring.
Chandler: No. How are ya Paul? (Starts to look for his credit card.)
Chandler: No, did he hug you?!
Chandler: Well, you can see my dad in Vegas kissing other dads.
Chandler: Yeah?
Chandler: I’m a little busy here Paul.
Chandler: Okay, a quick one. Come on hug it out. (Paul rushes over and hugs Chandler tightly.) Oh hey! There you go. (The hug continues.) Okay. (The hug continues.)
Chandler: Okay! (Pushes him away.)
Chandler: Do you have my credit card?
Chandler: Thank God! (Grabs his card.)
Chandler: Oh, I can’t go.
Chandler: Oh, that’s uh, that’s pretty nice but I’m gonna go with the one I picked first.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: They put you in jail?
Chandler: Phoebe, I asked you to guard the ring!
Chandler: Yeah but when he proposed to me with the ring I got goose bumps.
Chandler: It was the ring!
Chandler: I can’t believe I let you talk me into buying this stupid gumball machine looking ring!
Chandler: No, it’s not! When I looked at the other ring I could see Monica’s face when I gave it to her, y’know? And I could see her saying yes. When I look at this ring, all I see is a ring! Unless I look at it really closely and then I can see my own eye. (Does so and laughs.) Look, this is the most important thing I’m gonna do in my life. I wanna make sure it’s perfect.
Chandler: I can’t do that.
Chandler: Okay and he hasn’t proposed yet because she has no ring on her finger.
Chandler: Yeah! Okay, go, go, go get him.
Chandler: (to him) Hi! Hi. Okay, there was a slight mix-up at the jewelry store, the ring you’re about to propose with was supposed to be held for me. So, I’m gonna need to have that back. (The guy isn’t sure.) But, in exchange I’m willing to trade you this beautiful, more expensive ring. (Looking at the ring.) Ew.
Chandler: No-no! This is my fiancee (Phoebe) and her heart was set on that ring. You don’t want to break her heart now do you?
Chandler: Yeah, she’s dying… Of a cough apparently.
Chandler: (interrupting her) Okay, that’s enough honey!
Chandler: Great! Okay, here. (Holds the ring up for him.)
Chandler: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you! (To his girlfriend) And you are about to marry a wonderful man! (She stunned and he’s horrified.) Hey! I’m marrying a dead woman!
Chandler: Guys? (They ignore him.) I’ve got something important to tell ya. (Still nothing so he walks over and stands in front of the TV.) Guys? (They lean over to try and watch the TV, Chandler mimics them.) Guys?! (Pause) I’m gonna ask Monica to marry me.
Chandler: Yeah, check out the ring. (Shows it to them.)
Chandler: Yep, pretty much.
Chandler: (goes to hug him and stops short) Heyyyy—What?
Chandler: Okay! (They hug.) I was gonna wait ‘til uh, it was official y’know? But I got so excited I just had to tell you guys because you’re my best friends.
Chandler: I’m gonna ask Monica to marry me.
Chandler: I know.
Chandler: Check out the ring.
Chandler: Well, she walked in when I was looking at the ring brochures. You can understand that, right? (Ross and Joey look at each other and go back to watching the game on TV.) Guys? Guys? (Walks in front of them again.)
Chandler: Okay, well tonight’s the big night.
Chandler: It is going to be perfect. I am taking her to her favorite restaurant. I’m going to get her a bottle of the champagne that she really loves; therefore knows how expensive it is. Then when the glasses are full, instead of proposing a toast I’m just gonna propose.
Chandler: Yeah.
Chandler: I’m not gonna mess it up.
Chandler: She’s not gonna say no.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: (To Phoebe) Give me it!
Chandler: Phoebe!
Chandler: (with his mouthful) Hi Monica.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: (glaring at her) Well, Monica and Chandler can’t go. We’re going to dinner remember?!
Chandler: I just get mad when Rachel doesn’t remember where we’re going.
Chandler: Well, you could also give back the money you owe me.
Chandler: Oh, so you’re already doing your part for the kids.
Chandler: Wait a minute, all jokes aside? I didn’t agree to that!
Chandler: Will you marry me? Will you marry me? (Makes like a gun with his fingers.) Hey, you marry me! (He gives up as Joey, Rachel, Phoebe, and Ross slink in all excited.) What’s going on little elves?
Chandler: Yeah, right here in my pocket. (Pats his pocket. Phoebe smiles, goes over to hug him, and removes the ring from his pocket.) Pheebs?
Chandler: Okay, now will you guys get out of here? I want this is to be a surprise and she’s gonna know.
Chandler: (To Monica) You are beautiful.
Chandler: (trying to cover up why his hand is over his heart) One nation, under God. Indivisible with liberty and justice for all. (Laughs.) I remembered it. (It’s a butchered version of the Pledge of Allegiance of the United States for our foreign friends.) The champagne is here. (The waiter is delivering it and pouring two glasses.) 
Chandler: Yes! Yes! I’m good! Are you good? Are you good? Is everything—are you—are you perrr-perfect?!
Chandler: Oh, yeah. (Starts to take it off and then realizes) Uh, no you can’t have my jacket! Because then I would be cold! If you thought that you were going to be cold, you should’ve brought your own jacket. But uh, other than that, are you okay? Are you okay?
Chandler: Yes! I’m fine. In fact I’ve been fine for a long time now and I think, the reason is you.
Chandler: Okay umm, before I meant you I had really little life and I couldn’t imagine growing old with…
Chandler: (not knowing the true meaning of her exclamation) I know, but just let me say it.
Chandler: What?! I’m Chandler! (She nods towards the doorway, Chandler turns and looks) Oh, that’s Richard!
Chandler: Hey-hey, hey! (Gets up and hugs him.) I don’t know why I did that!
Chandler: (to Richard’s date) And uh, you don’t have a mustache which is good. (She just smiles.) I’m Chandler; I make jokes when I’m uncomfortable.
Chandler: Hi.
Chandler: Richard! No one supposed to know about us! (Richard just smiles at him.) See I, did it again.
Chandler: Yeah, I’ll sit down. (He slides back into his chair.)
Chandler: Yes. (Thinking he’s gone.)
Chandler: I got a good one, I got a good one! I once walked in on both my parents making love to the same guy.
Chandler: What?!
Chandler: (stopping him from going any further) Before you say anything, have we got a story for you! Guess who we bumped into at dinner!
Chandler: Richard!
Chandler: Oh you knew that. Good!
Chandler: For camp!
Chandler: Hey, you have to forget about Elizabeth. I mean if you’re not careful you may not get married at all this year!
Chandler: (after the door closes) What did you guys just do?!
Chandler: Richard was there so I couldn’t do it!
Chandler: I’m gonna do it tomorrow y’know, and-and surprise her, but now you’ve ruined it!
Chandler: Who walks into a room and asks to see a person’s hands?!
Chandler: This is terrible. What am I going to do?
Chandler: That’s right, I can throw her off. I can make her think marriage is the last thing on my mind.
Chandler: I can do that, I’ve had 30 years of practice.
Chandler: Okay, okay, here she comes! (Sits on the couch next to him.) How do I look? Do I look like a guy who doesn’t want to get married?
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Oh, just hanging out, talkin’ about uh, websites. (Joey laughs.) Yeah, we saw this really interesting website about marriage and how totally unnecessary it is and how its just a way for the government to keep tabs on you.
Chandler: Yeah, well… Y’know, it just got me thinking though, why would anybody ever want to get married huh?
Chandler: Eh…
Chandler: Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole concept of marriage is unnatural. I mean look at pigs. Let’s take a second here and look at pigs. Okay pigs don’t mate for life. I mean a pig can have like a hundred sexual partners in a lifetime, and that’s just an ordinary pig not even a pig that’s good at sports!
Chandler: If marriage worked, I’d be all for it. But do you know what the divorce rate in this country is? 97%.
Chandler: Well, never say never but y’know probably uh yeah, never.
Chandler: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What is all this pressure?! Is this some new kind of strategy? Why don’t you put down your copy of ‘The Rules’ huh mantrap?!
Chandler: (to them) It’s okay, I got a plan.
Chandler: I was making a coconut phone with the professor.
Chandler: What?!
Chandler: My—Oh my God!
Chandler: He’s not supposed to ask my girlfriend to marry him! I’m supposed to do that!
Chandler: Well what… Y’know what I’m gonna do? I’m gonna go over there; I’m gonna kick his ass! (Pause) Will you help me?!
Chandler: You’re right.
Chandler: Okay. (Starts running for the bedroom) I’m gonna get the ring! I’m gonna get the ring! (Does so) I’m gonna go find her and (starts running for the door) I’m just going to propose!
Chandler: Okay great.
Chandler: What?!
Chandler: Where is she? I’m not scared of you! (Averts his eyes and walks in.)
Chandler: (examining the coffee table) Scotch on the rocks, with a twist, on a coaster? Ha-ha, Monica! Monica!
Chandler: Well where did she go?
Chandler: Oh my God, I can’t believe this! Y’know, I thought…I thought you were a good guy.
Chandler: Nothing happened? Nothing? So you didn’t tell my girlfriend that you love her?
Chandler: Y’know what? I can’t believe this! Do you know what you did? My girlfriend is out there thinking things over! You made my girlfriend think!!
Chandler: And what does she have to think about? I love her!
Chandler: But I am willing to offer her all those things. This was just a plan, y’know? A way to throw her off course so that when I offered her all these things, she’d be surprised!
Chandler: It was working until you showed up, you big tree! I mean, this isn’t fair. You had your chance with her! You had your chance and you blew it! And this is my chance and I am not going to blow it because we are meant for each other! And this is all just been one stupid mistake! (Sits down heavily.) I was gonna propose tonight.
Chandler: Yeah I even (pause) got a ring. (Puts in on the center cushion.) Did you get a ring?
Chandler: Y’know Richard…you are a good guy.
Chandler: I can’t talk to you now, I gotta find Monica!
Chandler: What?
Chandler: What are you talking about?
Chandler: Well why didn’t you stop her?! Why didn’t you just tell her it was a plan?!
Chandler: Well where… Where did she go?
Chandler: I can’t believe I ruined this.
Chandler: Oh my God.
Chandler: Okay! (He joins her on one knee) Okay! Okay! Oh God, I thought… (Starting to cry, pauses) Wait a minute, I-I can do this. (Pause) I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, (Pause) you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. (Starting to cry again.) And if you’ll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. (Pause as he gets out the ring.) Monica, will you marry me?
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Monica and I are engaged.
Chandler: Thanks.
Chandler: (To Ross) Okay, you get her in here. (To Joey) You bolt the door. I’ll be in the closet.
Chandler: It’s okay, I want this to be your night too. (Raises his class.) To Monica.
Chandler: To Monica!
Chandler: So when you said, "Get up early," did you mean 1986?
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Know what I mean?
Chandler: There’s gonna be a wedding. You’re gonna be the bride. Two hundred people are going to be looking at you in a clean white dress.
Chandler: (motioning with his hands) I’m not worried, I’m uh, I’m fascinated. Y’know it’s like uh, Biology! Which is funny because in high school I uh, I-I failed Biology and tonight Biology failed me. (Exits as Phoebe enters from her room with her guitar.)
Chandler: Sure, you guys don’t have this problem, you’re made of wood. (Rachel comes out of the bathroom) Hey!
Chandler: You look great!
Chandler: You okay over there?
Chandler: Oh, don’t worry about it I mean you probably were tired, you had a lot of champagne, it happens to everybody.
Chandler: (putting his hands up) Take whatever you want, just please don’t hurt me.
Chandler: Yes, on a scale from 1 to 10, 10 being the dumbest a person can look, you are definitely 19.
Chandler: Young! You’re a man-child okay?! Now go get changed because everybody’s ready and please, oh please, keep my underwear!
Chandler: Joe?
Chandler: Uhh, you’ve had a lot of sex right?
Chandler: Well, it’s just the reason that I’m asking is because I kind of eh, uh, I was unable to—I mean I really wanted too, but I couldn’t…. There huh—hmm, there-there was an incident.
Chandler: It’s happened to you?
Chandler: Well, what’d you do?
Chandler: (angrily) I don’t think that’s what they were talking about Joe!!
Chandler: What?!
Chandler: Yes, you can pass for 19.
Chandler: Yes!
Chandler: Seriously? Seriously, no! You can play your own age which is 31!
Chandler: Now Monica, I know you’re upset, but don’t forget. There is going to be a wedding, you are going to throw the bouquet, and then there’s going to be a honeymoon, maybe in Paris.
Chandler: We will take a moonlit walk on the Rue de la (mumbles something).
Chandler: Then we will sprinkle rose pedals on the bed and make love. Not just because it’s romantic, but because I can!
Chandler: Okay, don’t say anything, you might scare it away.
Chandler: It’s Paris, who knows we’re here!
Chandler: Pheebs, we’re not giving you a deposit for our wedding!
Chandler: Oh, give her the deposit! Give her the ring! I don’t care!
Chandler: What a great apology! (To Monica) And you accept! Okay, bye-bye!
Chandler: (entering) Ahh, third base.
Chandler: (To Ross) Why to save your dignity my man.
Chandler: Well, somebody should. (Monica glares at him.)
Chandler: How is that ever going to happen?!
Chandler: (To Ross) I don’t care, she slept with me.
Chandler: Thanks.
Chandler: (interrupting her just in time) Hey! Here’s a dollar, consider it a deposit. Please sing at our wedding.
Chandler: Okay. (Goes back to bed.)
Chandler: What’s the matter honey?
Chandler: (incredulous) Already?!
Chandler: Oh, I got some thoughts on that.
Chandler: What in God’s name is that?!
Chandler: Well, you couldn’t get them anyway. Ian doesn’t plan anymore and Derrick… (Off of Rachel and Monica’s looks) And Derrick is a name I shouldn’t know.
Chandler: Why are you napping over here instead of over at your place?
Chandler: Now, do I get to look at this book or is it just for people who are actually involved in the wedding?
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Centerpieces!
Chandler: Definitely roses. (Monica and Rachel exchange a look.) Well, I just think they’re a little more weddingy. (Monica holds the Lily picture closer to him.) But Lilies are the clear choice.
Chandler: Uh-huh!
Chandler: Oh yeah, I should probably call them.
Chandler: Oh, I don’t think I ever heard that story.
Chandler: What a sweet story.
Chandler: Clearly I did not start drinking enough at the start of the meal. (Starts to make up for lost time and takes a big swig of his drink.)
Chandler: I don’t know, my mother spent most of her money on her fourth wedding. She’s saving the rest for her divorce. And any extra cash my father has he saves for his yearly trips to (Pause) Dollywood.
Chandler: Honey, it’s gonna be okay.
Chandler: Look, it really is gonna be okay. The important thing is that we love each other and that we’re gonna get married.
Chandler: Well, I have some.
Chandler: Well, close to… (Notices Rachel leaning in to hear and decides to write it on a piece of paper and hand it to Monica as Phoebe averts her eyes.) 
Chandler: Well, you’re not suggesting that we spend all of the money on the wedding?
Chandler: Well, come on, I’ve been saving this money for six years and I kinda had some of it earmarked for the future, not just for a party.
Chandler: No, I realize that honey, but I’m not gonna spend all of the money on one party.
Chandler: Look, I understand, but I have to put my foot down. Okay? The answer is no.
Chandler: Yes, I am!
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Ehh.
Chandler: Look, I thought about it too, and I’m sorry. I think we should spend all of the money on the wedding.
Chandler: Yeah, I’m putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I proposed I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy then, then that’s what we’re gonna do.
Chandler: Eh, forget about the future and stuff! So we only have two kids, y’know? We’ll pick our favorite and that one will get to go to college.
Chandler: Yeah.
Chandler: Uh, four, a boy, twin girls and another boy.
Chandler: Well, stuff like where’d we live, y’know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could learn to ride their bikes and stuff. Y’know, we could have a cat that had a bell on it’s collar and we could hear it every time it ran through the little kitty door. Of course, we’d have an apartment over the garage where Joey could grow old.
Chandler: Sure you do.
Chandler: You sure?
Chandler: I love you so much.
Chandler: Oh yeah, totally!
Chandler: Hey, you guys!
Chandler: So, what do you think?
Chandler: Are you kidding? Okay, I’ll give you a hint; I’ll give you a hint. (Points to his glasses.)
Chandler: I got glasses!
Chandler: No I didn’t!
Chandler: No!
Chandler: Really?
Chandler: (sitting down on the arm of her chair) You didn’t think I used to wear glasses, right?
Chandler: That’s okay Pheebs, we’re not having a party or anything, so you don’t have to get us…
Chandler: What we want honey.
Chandler: Dying people say the craziest things.
Chandler: Our kids are gonna be fat aren’t they.
Chandler: Hey! How’s the boat?!
Chandler: Well, it’s good that you finally have a place to do that.
Chandler: Do you know what I was thinkin’?
Chandler: Nothing, I just like to go like this. (Does it again.)
Chandler: Uh why, do you have a lecture?
Chandler: Then free as a bird. What’s up?
Chandler: Well, did-did you correct him?
Chandler: Oh no problem, maybe I’ll play with my left hand.
Chandler: Does anybody know me?!
Chandler: Don’t worry about it Pheebs.
Chandler: An old cookie?
Chandler: We can’t accept this.
Chandler: ‘Cause it’s gross.
Chandler: Okay, we owe you a present.
Chandler: I will tell the story! It was going great. I let him win. We were bonding. He even said I could call him dad.
Chandler: Daddy. All right look, here’s the story. (Flashback to Chandler about to enter the steam room as he does the voice-over.) Well, we had just finished playing racquetball and we were gonna take a steam. I walk into the steam room and it was really steamy. (The flashback shows his glasses fog up and him trying to find his way around the steam filled room. He takes off his glasses.) So I take off my glasses and that’s when in happened.
Chandler: Guys?
Chandler: I know.
Chandler: Why do they put so much steam in there?!
Chandler: Why? Okay? Why? Wh-wh-why did that have to happen?
Chandler: Not that big a deal? There…there was touching of things.
Chandler: I don’t want him to tell this story for years.
Chandler: If that is your father calling to tell this story then the marriage is off!
Chandler: (getting up) All right, I’m off to see your dad.
Chandler: Look, I figured I would try to convince him not to tell the story anymore, and I figure the best way to do that is face to face—And by face I don’t mean his lap. And by face, I don’t mean my ass. (Exits.)
Chandler: So you understand, I’d feel a lot more comfortable if you didn’t tell people what happened. Y’know, I’m a little…I’m a little embarrassed about it.
Chandler: What did you do when they found out?
Chandler: So I guess we wear swimsuits in here!
Chandler: It’s your mommy. It’s your mommy.
Chandler: That was one of the worse things ever. And not just on TV.
Chandler: And say nothing?
Chandler: No-no-no-no. (Waves him away as Monica and Phoebe enter whispering to each other.) Hey! (Monica shushes him.)
Chandler: Hi sweetie. So, what was with all the whispering?
Chandler: Secret? Married people aren’t supposed to have secrets between one another. We have too much love and respect for one another.
Chandler: No I’m serious, we should tell each other everything. I do not have any secrets from you.
Chandler: Oh no-no, I can’t do that.
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: So, Ross and I are going to Disneyland and we stop at this restaurant for tacos. And when I say restaurant, I mean a guy, a hibachi, and the trunk of his car. So Ross has about 10 tacos. And anyway, we’re on Space Mountain and Ross starts to feel a little iffy.
Chandler: No, he visited a little town south of throw up. (Monica laughs hysterically.) So what was Phoebe’s secret?
Chandler: That’s it?! I gave up my Disneyland story for that?
Chandler: (angrily) Did she call? You-you told her I was sick right? Always tell her I am sick!
Chandler: What about him?
Chandler: Let me see this guy. (Phoebe hands him the picture.) W-H-Wow! Don’t show this to Monica! And don’t tell her about the W-H-Wow!
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Oh it’s always nicer to here than, "Aw crap! You again!"
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Oh yeah?
Chandler: Did you not understand the story?
Chandler: Hey! What’s up?
Chandler: Huh.
Chandler: No! (The oven dings.) Shhh!
Chandler: Nancy Thompson’s getting fired! (Monica slaps him on the shoulder.)
Chandler: I had too okay?! We’re getting married! Married couples can’t keep secrets from one another!
Chandler: Du-ude!
Chandler: Did you not hear me say, "Du-ude?!"
Chandler: In my defense, it was dark and he was a very pretty guy.
Chandler: Ho-ho, so hard we had to throw out your underwear again?
Chandler: You wanna tell secrets?! Okay! Okay! In college, Ross used to wear leg warmers!
Chandler: Ross came in forth and cried!
Chandler: (To Monica) Of course it is. (Mouths to Ross) Wow—whoa!
Chandler: Hey!!!
Chandler: That was you!
Chandler: (To Monica) You have no trouble telling time now right?
Chandler: Quick! What time is it?! (Holds his watch in front of her face.)
Chandler: Y’know when I said that because we’re getting married that we should share everything and not have any secrets? 
Chandler: Yeah that was stupid. Let’s not do that.
Chandler: Yeah, and not that you would, but I wouldn’t hang out with…all the guys in my office.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Someone on the subway licked my neck! Licked my neck!!
Chandler: What are you guys doing?
Chandler: Oooh, I’m afraid that does not exist.
Chandler: No, there are great pictures of you standing next to a guy who’s going like this… (Makes what can only be described as a toothy frown. Henceforth, this shall be known as The Face.)
Chandler: I don’t know what it is, I just can’t take a good picture.
Chandler: Yeah, I’m not in that.
Chandler: All right, but I should warn you, I’m not going. I’m going. (Does The Face while saying that last part.)
Chandler: How about those three pointers?
Chandler: And those guys were this (Doing the standard "This Close" gesture) close to lettin’ us play this time too.
Chandler: Yes, and we call Ross Lingers In The Bathroom.
Chandler: They have that on the napkins at the club.
Chandler: Rach, if you have a crush on this guy, why would you hire him? I mean y’know you can’t date him right?
Chandler: Dude that is so sad.
Chandler: Could I play?
Chandler: Okay. (Does The Face.)
Chandler: No, I am.
Chandler: I do? (He smiles, beautifully.)
Chandler: Okay. (You’ll have to see it, I can’t describe the face he makes, but it isn’t good.)
Chandler: Aww! (Smiles.)
Chandler: Oh my God! Those are my bedroom eyes?! Why did you ever sleep with me?
Chandler: I can’t help it!
Chandler: Borrow money from me?
Chandler: Why is there jelly on your shoe?
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: (Pause) I’m right here!
Chandler: I’m still right here!
Chandler: Did you have a crush on me, when you first met me?
Chandler: Can you people not see me?! (He waves his arms around to get their attention.)
Chandler: There I am!
Chandler: Yeah, Joey said I uh, I needed to relax so he gave me an antihistamine.
Chandler: Yeah, and then I fell asleep on the subway and went all the way to Brooklyn. Brooklyn is f-far!!
Chandler: I don’t know, but don’t worry, don’t worry, because I know how to take a picture now. (They get ready) Okay, see? Look down (Looks down), look down, look down… (He falls asleep.)
Chandler: (awakens) Yeah! (Looks up and does The Face.)
Chandler: Ahhh.
Chandler: Oh yeah, that looks good.
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: I’m marrying her.
Chandler: Die Hard still great!
Chandler: What’d you rent?
Chandler: (looking at the tape) Joey, this is Die Hard 1 again.
Chandler: Yeah, I just got uh, got plans.
Chandler: No, see the thing is I want to get out of here before Joey gets all worked up and starts calling everybody bitch.
Chandler: That’s sweet.
Chandler: So uh, what did this woman look like?
Chandler: Well, is there any chance you were looking into a bright, shiny thing called a mirror?
Chandler: No, no I only dated two girls in college, both blonde, both not attractive… (Thinks a little while.) Hold on one second; let me check this out. (He gets up and grabs a photo album.
Chandler: Well, let’s see… (Finding the picture he wants.) Okay uh, is that her? (Pointing to the picture.)
Chandler: Julie Grath, my camp girlfriend.
Chandler: (pause) No, we’re still together. Yeah we went out for two summers, and then I broke up with her.
Chandler: Well, ‘cause she came back the third summer and she’d gotten really fa-aa-aw-ow…
Chandler: I did not say fat! I said, "Fa-aa-aw-ow…"
Chandler: Yeah. Yeah, but it was a really, really long time ago! Does she still feel bad?
Chandler: Well, you know what they say, elephants never forget. (Monica is not amused by that statement.) Seriously, good luck marrying me.
Chandler: Can you figure out what I’m doing?
Chandler: Who?
Chandler: Because you kept talking to him while he was trying to go to the bathroom?!
Chandler: What? Are you kidding? That was like 16 years ago.
Chandler: Okay, I will do it. But I have to warn you; this may make me a better person and that is not the man you feel in love with!
Chandler: (she opens the door) Julie hi! Chandler Bing, I, I guess you remember me.
Chandler: (To Monica) It’s a nickname, I’ll explain later.
Chandler: Ah, uh, I owe you a long overdue apology. I never should have broken up with you because you were overweight.
Chandler: You-you-you didn’t know that. (Pause as she nods no.) Well, I guess my work here is done!
Chandler: As bad as that went I actually enjoyed myself. I think that I’m going to apologize for all of the stupid things I do.
Chandler: I would really love it if could do both.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: What?!
Chandler: A hundred and forty-five pounds.
Chandler: Look I know it was a stupid reason to break up with somebody, but I was 15!
Chandler: Okay. Okay, now wait a minute that was totally different.
Chandler: You were not supposed to hear that! I said that behind you back!
Chandler: Look you have to realize I don’t think of you as a thin, beautiful woman. (Monica glares at him.) See this is one of things that I can apologize for later! Look, what I mean is you’re Monica! Okay? And I am in love with Monica. 
Chandler: So you can balloon up or you can shrink down and I will still love you.
Chandler: I’d carry you around in my pocket.
Chandler: Skidmark’s still got a way with the ladies.
Chandler: …Come on! Why are we here?!
Chandler: The hot chicks?
Chandler: Wow that’s actually pretty cool.
Chandler: Sounds like two people are really enjoying the Dewey decimal system.
Chandler: You didn’t bring me here to do that, did you?
Chandler: OH…MY…GAWD! I am so sorry sweetie, are you okay? You didn’t tell her we were getting married, did you?
Chandler: Did she freak out?
Chandler: Right.
Chandler: (laughs) You said no right?
Chandler: You said no right?!
Chandler: Lie!!! How hard is that?! The check’s in the mail! Oh your baby is so cute! I can’t wait to read your book Ross!!
Chandler: What do you think she’s just gonna sit there quietly? You don’t think she’s gonna want to make a toast? You don’t think she’s gonna want to grab the microphone and sing Part-time Lover?!
Chandler: Y’know what? It’s gonna be okay. Y’know what? She’s probably not gonna even want to come.
Chandler: No! That was a lie! See how easy that was?
Chandler: Yes!!
Chandler: Yes!!!
Chandler: Well actually uh, there was something we wanted to tell you about the wedding. Um, it’s going to be a small ceremony. Uh, tiny! We’re not even sure why we’re having it.
Chandler: I say we go with Careless Whisper.
Chandler: (To Monica) Did she see us yet? Did she see us?
Chandler: Aren’t you just a tinsy bit curious?
Chandler: No-no-no-no, if we let her stay, she will stay forever!
Chandler: Is that what you’re thinking about right now?
Chandler: Janice, I’m sorry but umm, you can’t stay here tonight.
Chandler: Honestly? Our apartment is a hotbed for electromagnetic activity. Now Monica and I have been immunized, but sadly you have not.
Chandler: Say again?
Chandler: Feelings, such strong feelings.
Chandler: I just wanted to show Monica your book. (Ross just glares at him.)
Chandler: No, no, no. No-no-no. 
Chandler: No, we're playing this game I learned at work. You have to name all the states in six minutes. 
Chandler: Now, that's a lot harder than it sounds. You always forget at least one, or in some cases... fourteen (looks over to Monica). 
Chandler: Oh, okay, time's up! 
Chandler: Oh that's not bad, Pheebs? 
Chandler: Okay, so Rachel's got 48 and Phoebe has the lead in…vegetables, Joey? 
Chandler: Does South Oregon have a sports-team? (Joey strikes one from his list) There you go. 
Chandler: Oooh that may be a New World's record (Looks at his watch and picks up Ross' pad) 
Chandler: Uh, Magellan? You got 46 states. (Smiles and hands Ross back his pad) 
Chandler: I am only one man! (Monica heads out) Okay Ross, time is up! 
Chandler: Look Ross, if you don't know them by now, you will never know them, okay? That is the beauty of this game. It makes you want to kill yourself. 
Chandler: Okay, but if you can't…no dinner! 
Chandler: Sure, and Joey; do not let Ross look at any of the maps or the globe in your apartment. 
Chandler: I don't know. Maybe it's because it smells a little weird. It's like old pumpkins or something. 
Chandler: Which smells delicious! 
Chandler: What? 
Chandler: Tell her, I'm allergic, and I will sue! 
Chandler: Huh! Where is the dog?!
Chandler: Phoebe, we can hear the dog barking! 
Chandler: What is it doing here? 
Chandler: Extremely allergic, okay? If I'm anywhere near a dog for more than 5 minutes, my throat will just close up! 
Chandler: (gasping) Really? 
Chandler: Well, it still has to go, right?
Chandler: Okay, it's um…
Chandler: (to Joey) I have to! Okay? It's time! (Joey shrugs as if to say, "Do what you have to do") Okay, I hate dogs. 
Chandler: They are needy, they are jumpy, and you can't tell what they are thinking, and that scares me a little bit. 
Chandler: (scared) Is there a puppy here? 
Chandler: (to Tag) Okay, you are new!
Chandler: Okay, it's just that dogs make me a little uncomfortable. 
Chandler: And I don't wanna say this, I don't you guys to hate me, but uh, I don't think, I can be around that dog anymore. Okay, so either the dog goes, or I go. (An awkward silence ensues.) Oh my god!!
Chandler: (comes out of the bathroom) Here I am. 
Chandler: How did you…know? (Heads back into the bathroom) 
Chandler: (comes out of the bathroom) Where's Monica? 
Chandler: Why not? 
Chandler: Well, I, I should go in there. 
Chandler: Why not? 
Chandler: This is ridiculous. (He heads for Phoebe's bedroom) 
Chandler: Monica's all upset, because I sent Clunkers away. 
Chandler: Yeah, I can be a hero, I could do that. I could, I could do... I, w-w-what if, what if it attacks me? 
Chandler: And that doesn't scare you? (He walks out) 
Chandler: No, no he went for a walk. 
Chandler: Please, please, please, don't be mad at me. 
Chandler: Okay, I went over to Ross' apartment to bring back Clunkers. Y’know, for you, and…(Clears his throat) I left the door open and she must have gotten out and I looked everywhere, all over the apartment, including the roof, which FYI Ross, one of your neighbors, growing weed. I couldn't find him, and I am so, so, so, sorry. But I do know where we could all go ease the pain. (Points up and then over to the street) 
Chandler: Clunkers?! Oh my god! 
Chandler: (to Clunkers) It is so good to see you! 
Chandler: It's up to you. 
Chandler: All right. 
Chandler: You got it. (Starts looking at the pad, while Ross got the turkey out of the fridge and starts to unwrap and it) You got Nevada twice. 
Chandler: Yeah. (Throws the pad on the table and heads for the bedroom)
Chandler: Okay, let me just straighten out your helmet there. (Does so.)
Chandler: Okay. Okay.
Chandler: That sounds like my first bike. (They all turn and look at him.) My dad gave me his old one.
Chandler: Hey! What are you guys doing? 
Chandler: I’m sorry, who?
Chandler: But we don’t know the neighbors.
Chandler: Wouldn’t it be easier if we just moved?
Chandler: Eh, somebody’s in a good mood!
Chandler: Well, either that or uh…(Motions towards Joey’s door.)
Chandler: (about to cry) Am not!
Chandler: Don’t worry, I’m brave! I am brave! I…I am brave! (They get to the door and Monica goes to open it.) No-no-no-no!! (He stops her.) (Through the door.) Can you tell me who is there please?
Chandler: (laughs) 4:00 A.M.
Chandler: I am sorry, but some of us have to get up early and go to work! (Monica looks at him) (To Monica) He does not know that I am not some of us.
Chandler: Mm! Night Gar’! (Monica closes the door.)
Chandler: Hey, you cry every time somebody talks about Titanic!
Chandler: Hey! So are you enjoying the bike?
Chandler: (with his mouth full) What happened? I’m just eating candy.
Chandler: Absolutely! Y’know, because touchie can mean both ass and good worker.
Chandler: What is the matter with you?
Chandler: Maybe, isn’t she the woman who lives below you and has sex really loud?
Joey and Chandler:
Chandler: Y’know what would work?
Chandler: Stop making candy!
Chandler: You mean they like you.
Chandler: Is that why you became a chef? So that people would like you?
Chandler: (asking a man leaning against the wall) What is going on? 
Chandler: Joey!
Chandler: What are you doing?
Chandler: Get in here! (They head for the door and Chandler sees Smokes-A-Lot Lady standing next to the door and smoking, to her) Hey, and you can not smoke in here! (Takes the cigarette and takes a drag for himself.) (Exhaling in ecstasy) Merry Christmas.
Chandler: All right everybody! Just be quiet! Be quiet! Be quiet!! Pipe-pipe-pipe down! (They settle down) What is the matter with you people?! This woman was trying to do a nice thing for you. She was making candy so she could try to get to know all of you, and I’ll bet that not one of you can tell me her name! Am I right?
Chandler: No not (imitating) Candy Lady.
Chandler: All right, y’know what? Forget it, all of you forget it! You’ve ruined it! Go home! You’ve ruined it! You’ve ruined it!
Chandler: You’re welcome. (They kiss.)
Chandler: No! Smokes-A-Lot Lady blew smoke directly into my mouth. Eh-uh—are you okay?
Chandler: Buh-bye. (Hangs up the phone) I just got us reservations at Michelle’s and tickets to the Musicman to celebrate our first holiday season as a betroughed couple.
Chandler: …betrothed couple.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Pheebs?
Chandler: Skull?
Chandler: How long have we been home?
Chandler: Lovely!
Chandler: Hey, you know what I was thinking? When we get married, are you gonna change your last name to Bing?
Chandler: Why not?
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Ohh! You guys gonna be living together again?
Chandler: Well, she's just so much fun with Joey, I just assumed, she'd still be living with him.
Chandler: No reason, except…she…told…me.
Chandler: No! No, she didn't say that. I-I-I think you should talk to Monica now.
Chandler: Bing doesn't seem so weird now, does it?
Chandler: (to the Maitre d') Hi, could we get two burritos to go, please? (Laughs.)
Chandler: Forty-five minutes? We have tickets to the Musicman at 8:00.
Chandler: Is this because of the burrito thing?
Chandler: Give him money? It was a joke!
Chandler: Right, calm down, O'Mally. I'll slip him some money.
Chandler: Hey, I can be smooth. (Walks back to the Maitre d', very smoothly) Listen, we're a little bit in a hurry, so, if you can get us a table a little quicker, I'd appreciate it. (Shakes his hand)
Chandler: Okay. (Walks back to Monica)
Chandler: Had the money in the wrong hand. (Shows her his left hand with the money in it)
Chandler: How do you know so much about this?
Chandler: Richard used to do it, didn't he?
Chandler: Mustached bastard…
Chandler: (walks up to the Maitre d') Excuse me...
Chandler: (finds his money) Ahh-hahaha! (Turns around to give the Maitre d' his money, but he isn't there anymore)
Chandler: Thank you Gunther, put it there. (He gets up, and shakes Gunther's hand. A bunch of coins fall out his hand. He sits down next to Monica.) Definitely not easier with coins. (Joey gets up and picks up the coins. Chandler thinks, Joey is just helping him to pick them up.) Thank you.
Chandler: Hey Pheebs!
Chandler: If you wanna give Joey a Christmas present that disrupts the entire building, why not get him something a little bit more subtle, like a wrecking ball, or a vile of small pox to release in the hallway?
Chandler: (entering in a Santa costume) Ho, ho, ho! Merry Christmas!
Chandler: Hey! (Grunts as Ben hits him at full speed.)
Chandler: Well, I'm here to see my old buddy Ben. What are you doing here, weird…turtle-man?
Chandler: What?
Chandler: You bet I did, Ben, put it there! (He shakes Ben's hand, but the money falls out of his hands) (to Monica) Well, it would have worked this time, if his hands weren't so damn small! (Realizes, that Ben is standing right there) Ho, ho, ho!
Chandler: You called everyone and said you were having trouble finding a Santa costume, so I borrowed one from a guy at work!
Chandler: Why?
Chandler: But I didn't get to shape my belly like a bowl full of jelly.
Chandler: Fine, I'll give the suit back.
Chandler: Santa? Really?
Chandler: Did your Dad ever dress up like Santa?
Chandler: Then it's okay! (They kiss.)
Chandler: Because, if Santa and the Holiday…Armadillo? (Ross nods) ...are ever in the same room for too long the universe will implode. Merry Christmas!
Chandler: Well, I'll stay, but only because I wanna hear about Hanukkah. Ben, will you sit here with Santa and learn about Hanukkah?
Chandler: My favorite part was when Superman flew all the Jews out of Egypt. (Glaring at Joey who’s nodding.)
Chandler: Ohh. Mmm.
Chandler: Hey, you have got to try this cheesecake.
Chandler: (nervously) It was at the front door. When I got home. Somebody sent it to us.
Chandler: I—no! I didn't read the box before I opened it. And you can't return a box after you've opened the box.
Chandler: Because it's too delicious.
Chandler: No-no-no! It is going to be okay, because Mrs. Braverman is gonna send away for a free one and that way we all win! The only losers are the big cheesecake conglomerate, (Reading the label) Momma’s Little Bakery. (Pause) I feel terrible, I’m a horrible, horrible, horrible person.
Chandler: So…
Chandler: Oh, what’s at 8:00?
Chandler: Well, maybe since the age of 9, Frannie’s made some new friends.
Chandler: I used to undress my cousin Glenn. (Monica looks at him then sushes him.)
Chandler: Another cheesecake came! They delivered it to the wrong address again!
Chandler: I can’t seem to say goodbye.
Chandler: Well I’ve forgotten what it tastes like okay?!
Chandler: (closing the box) Y’know what? Forget it! We are just hungry! We have not had lunch! We are just light-headed! So let us go out and have lunch and forget about the cheesecake.
Chandler: Good idea. Where do you want to go to lunch?
Chandler: Well, thank you for lunch.
Chandler: So apparently we just don’t pay for food anymore. (Rachel laughs then Chandler notices something.) Do you see what I see?
Chandler: Mrs. Braverman must be out. (They move closer to it.)
Chandler: By then, the cheesecake may have gone bad. We don’t want her to come back to bad cheesecake.
Chandler: Well, we don’t want that.
Chandler: But we should take it.
Chandler: Why?
Chandler: Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! (Rachel grabs the cheesecake and they take off upstairs.)
Chandler: I’m full, and yet I know if I stop eating this, I’ll regret it.
Chandler: What are you doing tonight?
Chandler: Dude! Dude! (Motions that Joey should pull up his pants.)
Chandler: Oh really? Uh, Monica said she had a date at 9:00.
Chandler: That’s what Monica said.
Chandler: Are you eating the cheesecake without me?!
Chandler: I will give you a hundred dollars to whistle right now. (She tries to whistle and blows little chunks of cheesecake out of her mouth.) How can you eat the cheesecake without me?!
Chandler: Y’know what? I don’t trust you with this cake anymore! And I got it first, and I’m takin’ it back! (Grabs the cheesecake and heads for his apartment.)
Chandler: Oh yes! 
Chandler: Oh yes!
Chandler: Oh yes! Oh yes!
Chandler: Well that’s not fair, you’ve already had some!
Chandler: What do we use to split it?
Chandler: (examining the cake) Okay well, this side looks bigger. Uh… There’s more crust on this side. Y’know? So, maybe if I measured…
Chandler: All right, I’ll pick that one. (Points.)
Chandler: (gloatingly and holding his piece) Ohhh!
Chandler: Oh-ho-ho-ho-no! No! No switching! No sharing, and don’t come crying to me! Ha-ha-ha! I may just sit here and have my cake all day! Just sit here in the hallway and eat my… (Rachel knocks the plate from his hand and it falls on the floor. That process leaves just the forkful Chandler has, Rachel starts to go after that little bit and Chandler retreats into his apartment.) 
Chandler: Stick to your side!
Chandler: (looking up with her) That’s a plane!
Chandler: (with a quivering voice) No, I’m not!
Chandler: Because it’s flattering! (Shivers harder) Come on Monica! Come on Monica! (He goes inside.)
Chandler: (whispering) Monica!
Chandler: I know, just quick-quick question, quick question. Which one was Deep Impact and which one was Armageddon?
Chandler: Sorry, I just…can’t sleep. Ooh! (Turns on the light and Monica groans.) Where is that book that you are reading with the two women who were ice-skating and wearing, wearing those hats with the flowers on it? Because every time I look at that cover I’m like…(Fake snores.)
Chandler: What?! (Monica kicks him in the shin.) Ow! (He gets out of bed and heads into the living room.)
Chandler: Shhhhhhhhh!!! (Monica enters) I’m sorry, I thought maybe I’d make some warm milk and it would help me sleep.
Chandler: It got interesting! Damn you Oprah!
Chandler: Hey, y’know what we can do? Y’know, now that we are up? We can just like talk to each other all night long, y’know like we did when we were first going out. It’d be fun!
Chandler: Okay, so how bummed were you when the second sister died huh?
Chandler: (Pause) No. No, I-I was, I was talking about the book I was reading.
Chandler: That’s correct.
Chandler: (startled) What? What? What?
Chandler: Yeah! You?
Chandler: (intrigued) Yeah? (Monica nods yes.) I hope you’re not thinking about cleaning the living room.
Chandler: Do you know what just happened?
Chandler: No. We were in the middle of sex…and you fell asleep.
Chandler: (turning the light back on) Monica?
Chandler: I was giving you some of my best moves, and you missed it. So please wake up so we can do it right!
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Yeah! (Monica falls asleep) No! No! No! Don’t fall asleep! Okay, I am going to make you some coffee. (Monica doesn’t move as he gets out of bed and as he’s heading for the door.) And I probably won’t spill coffee grounds all over the kitchen floor.
Chandler: Hm-hmm, I told you! (Looks at the clock) I can’t believe that I’ve only got two hours before I call in sick for work.
Chandler: Well, you’re not gonna believe this, but if you have seven minutes…
Chandler: Do you wanna?
Chandler: Couldn’t I just say, "This is Ross?"
Chandler: (knocking on the window while outside) Sorry! (Runs off.)
Chandler: Joey! Joe! (Sees that he’s not here and starts investigating. He picks up the bag of chips.) Full bag. (He picks up the beer.) Beer’s still cold. Something terrible must’ve happened here! (He decides it’s not that important; sits down on Rosita, and the back falls off causing him to flip over.) Oh no-no-no-no-no-no! (Runs over to Stevie.) Stevie, I was never here! (Runs out.)
Chandler: My chair. Now, if anybody asks, your name is Rosita! (He runs out the door, grabs the back of Rosita, and we can hear Joey and Rachel talking as they are coming up the stairs. Neither of them have reached the landing yet.)
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Yeah, I’d love to but I’ve tried that so many times they won’t even let me in the store anymore.
Chandler: (excitedly) Are you telling me that you bought the chair that is making all other lounge systems obsolete? The chair that Sit magazine called the Chair of the Year?
Chandler: That’s awesome! That’s great! What made you do it?!
Chandler: Whoa-whoa-whoa! You broke Joey’s chair?
Chandler: I thought I broke Joey’s chair! That’s why I replaced it with mine!
Chandler: Well, what did you think, that-that elves came in and fixed it?
Chandler: I’m gettin’ my chair back! (Heads for Joey and Rachel’s.)
Chandler: Joey you broke my chair!!
Chandler: I think I should get the chair!
Chandler: Because you (Points to Joey) broke a chair and you (Points to Rachel) broke a chair! The only one around here that hasn’t broke a chair, is me!
Chandler: Well, where’s the logic in that?!
Chandler: So Joey breaks my chair and I get nothing!
Chandler: What are you guys? Like a gang or something?!
Chandler: (To Monica) She’s not as pretty as she was when she was 29.
Chandler: No Rach, it’s not just you. My thirtieth birthday certainly wasn’t that much fun.
Chandler: Ross, a sports car? Wouldn’t it have been cheaper to just stuff a sock down there?
Chandler: (To Joey) Would you put that back on?! Monica’s gonna be here any minute!
Chandler: (frustrated) Okay, for the last time. It’s not named for each individual man.
Chandler: Oh well, not as lovely as you. I mean, I can’t believe that you would have a thirty-year-old daughter! (To Mr. Geller) And you! I can’t believe that you would have a tux that’s thirty years old! (Puts his hand on Mr. Geller’s shoulder.)
Chandler: Ohh! (He quickly removes his hand and looks at it.)
Chandler: Okay! Okay! Everybody down! Everybody down! (Rachel turns off the lights and everyone crouches. As everyone crouches, a ripping noise erupts from the assemblage.)
Chandler: (getting up to investigate) Okay, everybody stay here. I will find out what’s going on.
Chandler: Hey-hey are you drunk?
Chandler: Okay, here is the thing. We have thrown a very formal surprise party for you in there! All of your friends are in there and your parents!
Chandler: Yes!
Chandler: Yes!!
Chandler: Okay, here’s the thing. We’re gonna get you some coffee and they will never know that you’re drunk.
Chandler: Yeah, I’ll take care of it.
Chandler: (laughing) Okay we have to do something about your breath.
Chandler: That’s still yours. Okay, now remember it’s a surprise party. So, when you go in, act surprised.
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Okay before we start the celebration, Monica has to go put on her party dress.
Chandler: See? (Does his laugh.) Here we go. (Starts walking her to their room, and has to pass in front of Mr. Geller who’s sitting at the table and Mrs. Geller who’s standing next to him.)
Chandler: (correcting her) Phil.
Chandler: Now, there is a dress laid out on your bed. (Monica stumbles on the steps.) Okay, (catches her) you’re doing great. You’re doing great. You’re doing fine.
Chandler: Monica’s a little drunk.
Chandler: (To Monica) Go change! (To Phoebe) She doesn’t want her parents to know she’s drunk.
Chandler: Monica’s wasted.
Chandler: (To Rachel) Okay, will you just go help her change please!
Chandler: Okay, open ours next. Open ours next!
Chandler: For my last birthday you gave me a hug! (To Rachel) Okay, read the card! Read the card!
Chandler: No-no-no-no! That was the joke!
Chandler: No, because you’re not a grandmother!
Chandler: (to a waiter) Oh that’s great! Right there! Can we get some of that over here please? (The waiter comes over) There we go.
Chandler: (To Monica) How are you feeling?
Chandler: (To Monica) Now all you have to do is just get through a little bit more, okay? Then we can put you in bed, okay? Just smile and don’t talk to anyone.
Chandler: Pheebs!!
Chandler: I think it’s necessary. (Backs away anyhow.)
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Okay, here we go.
Chandler: Hey! How’d it go?
Chandler: Well, here we are, just a bunch of thirty year olds.
Chandler: (To Ross) Monica said wedding.
Chandler: Do you think you could get through a poem?
Chandler: Too?
Chandler: Well, whatever it is, I hope it involves winking. (Winks in a spy-type manner.)
Chandler: That’s great!
Chandler: So great things are happening at work and in your personal life!
Chandler: Don’t do it.
Chandler: I think it’s the dying cat parade.
Chandler: (turning around and looking) Oh my God!
Chandler: Y’know that thing that Ross was gonna do at our wedding?! He was hanging out with me yesterday and he turned to me and said, "You’re half Scottish right?"
Chandler: Yes!!
Chandler: Why is your family Ross?!
Chandler: If you listen very carefully, I think its Celebration by Cool and the Gang.
Chandler: Well, I feel like a snack!
Chandler: Oh no thanks. I don’t like any thing from my Scottish heritage.
Chandler: Well it’s just my entire family was run out of Scotland by…Vikings. Anyway, lots of bad memories. (Makes a few unintelligible noises.)
Chandler: We heard you play all the way from your apartment!
Chandler: That’s not really important right now. What is important is; while we appreciate the gesture, we just don’t feel bagpipes are appropriate for our wedding.
Chandler: Because we hate them.
Chandler: We have heard you play.
Monica and Chandler:
Chandler: You mean the spitter?
Chandler: Easy for you to say; you’ll be wearing a veil.
Chandler: You mean the guy who kept staring at your chest?
Chandler: Sorry, I just don’t like the idea of when I say, "I do," he’s thinking, "Yeah, I’d do her too!"
Chandler: Yeah!
Chandler: Guys thank you very much but neither of you is marrying us.
Chandler: We are going to have a legitimate member of the clergy! And when I say legitimate I mean, gay and in control of his saliva!
Chandler: No, but Horny for Monica Minister called, wanting to know if we were still together.
Chandler: Joe…
Chandler: (To Monica) Y’know, we haven’t found anybody else.
Chandler: Yeah you can do it.
Chandler: Yeah.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Our minister…
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: (To Monica) Should we call the spitter?
Chandler: Yeah. O-okay.
Chandler: See Joe, not that that’s not grrreat! But, one of the cool things about having somebody we know perform the ceremony is that it can be about us! Y’know, it can be more personal. You can tell stories about us!
Chandler: No, not us… (Motions Joey and him.) Us! (Motions Monica and him.)
Chandler: See Joe, we want you to tell stories but y’know, romantic stories. Nice stories.
Chandler: Joe?
Chandler: Isn’t that what happened with you and the bride’s maid?
Chandler: And I was a perfect gentleman and I walked her to her hotel room and said goodnight.
Chandler: But then later that night…
Chandler: (answering the door) Hey!
Chandler: Well I was… I was exactly expecting company after…(He looks at his watch.) 9:15.
Chandler: Well, last time I saw him he was heading out the door with the bride’s maid and a bucket of strawberries. So uh, you’re not still upset about what that guy told ya are ya?
Chandler: Well, look it’s been a really emotional time y’know, and you’ve had a lot to drink. And you’ve just got to let that go okay? I mean you were the most beautiful in the room tonight!
Chandler: You kidding? You’re the most beautiful woman in most rooms… (She jumps up and kisses him.) (Breaking the kiss.) Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What’s going on? You and I just made out! You and I are making out?
Chandler: But we don’t do that.
Chandler: How drunk are you?
Chandler: (thinks) That’s the perfect amount!
Chandler: What?
Chandler: I know.
Chandler: Well, I have kissed over four women. (They kiss again.) Do you wanna get under the covers?
Chandler: Okay!
Chandler: It bodes well for me that speed impresses you.
Chandler: Yep!
Chandler: Count of three?
Chandler: Two!
Monica and Chandler:
Chandler: Well I think it’s safe to say that our friendship is effectively ruined.
Chandler: Eh!
Chandler: Joey! Joey! Joey! J-J-Joey-Joey-J-Joey! (Monica hides under the covers as Joey enters. Remember?)
Chandler: Hey Joe! I was just watching a movie-e-e… (Notices that the TV is turned off.)
Chandler: No! No! No!
Chandler: They’re in my bag over there. (Points.)
Chandler: Uh, could you leave me one?
Chandler: Yeah.
Chandler: No I-I-I’m fine.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Who did you originally want to hook up with?
Chandler: (To Monica) So you came to the room looking for Joey? Did you ever in-intend on telling me about this?
Chandler: Oh, it’s not important? It’s not important?! If it wasn’t for a bride’s maid you’d be marrying him (Points to Joey) not me!
Chandler: I don’t believe it. The most romantic night of my life and I’m runner up.
Chandler: (To Joey) Look there is no way you’re doing this wedding now. Okay?
Chandler: Okay, it’s just weird! Okay? I don’t want to be standing their saying my vows and then having the mental image of you and Monica! I-I-I need…I don’t know what I need. I need a walk.
Chandler: It is to me. You wanted to sleep with Batman, and instead you had to settle for Robin. (Walks out and slams the door.)
Chandler: Hey. Do you want this scone? (Holds up his plate) It came for me but it would probably rather sleep with you!
Chandler: Look Joe, I know you wanted to do the wedding…
Chandler: How can I not be upset? Okay? I finally fall in love with this fantastic woman and it turns out that she wanted you first!
Chandler: That’s what you should say.
Chandler: When you’re marrying us; that’s what you should say.
Chandler: I’d love it if you would do it.
Chandler: But those are the words! Those exact words!
Chandler: Yeah, we talked and Monica made me see that I over reacted a little bit and some things in life are more important.
Chandler: So did Monica tell you about this great band called the Swing Kings that we’re trying to get to play at the wedding?
Chandler: Oh since forever! I used to go all over town listening to bands!
Chandler: Gap commercial. (To Monica) So did you book them? Did you call?
Chandler: Do you want me to call?
Chandler: Staying out of the way.
Chandler: Sure! That’s one of the great things about being engaged. I’m not nervous talking to pretty girls anymore.
Chandler: (To Ross) Smooth.
Chandler: So Ross, how was your date the other night? Did you tell her about the magical ride that starts with the flush of every toilet?
Chandler: Huh.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Uh Joe, when it’s one o’clock in the morning and you don’t come by? That’s okay!
Chandler: Really? Right across the street?
Chandler: When’d you meet her?
Chandler: Excellent! Y’know Ross met somebody too!
Chandler: Hi! How’d it go?
Chandler: (sarcastically shocked) Really?! Joe? What would you do if you were in Ross’s situation?
Chandler: So this is nice! I wish I didn’t have to go, believe me! But unfortunately I have to. (He gets up and Joey moves over next to Ross.) Oh uh, by the way, what’s the name the girl you’re dating?
Chandler: Bye! (Exits.)
Chandler: Joey got meat sauce on the banister again! (He goes into the bathroom to wash his hands.)
Chandler: (returning) What are you guys talking about?
Chandler: But I love swing music!
Chandler: Look all I know is when Monica and I went to see them, we had fun! And there’s another reason too.
Chandler: I don’t want to say.
Chandler: Well it’s just while Monica and I were dancing to them it was…the first time I knew that…you were the woman I wanted to dance all my dances with.
Chandler: Hi, honey! I’m home!
Chandler: Why? Do you another boyfriend in there or something?
Chandler: Y’know it’s funny I started it but, now it’s scary me. So could you come out here please?
Chandler: Oh you got a wedding dress? That’s great!
Chandler: Well then why can’t I see it?
Chandler: Okay I promise. I’ll-I’ll hate it. (She enters.) Wow! You-you look…hideous.
Chandler: Yeah, that’s like the most ugliest dress I’ve ever seen. Wh-why do you to return it?
Chandler: Oh that’s great! Great! Thanks! But that dress I mean it’s like yuck! It’s terrible! It makes me wanna just rip it right off of you!
Chandler: Okay!
Chandler: (without turning around) I thought you were gonna be gone all day.
Chandler: Oh totally! (Holds up his finger.) Pull my finger.
Chandler: Okay. Well, I think the centerpieces are too big
Chandler: Kinda. They’re really big.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: No. No, see when I first meet somebody it’s uh it’s mostly panic, anxiety, and a great deal of sweating.
Chandler: Sleeping with somebody new, anxiety, panic, and I’m afraid even more sweating.
Chandler: I was dangerously dehydrated during the first six months of our relationship. (Monica laughs.) Look, for me the rush is knowing that we are gonna be together for the rest of our lives.
Chandler: Well yeah! But now that I know that you’re having these thoughts, I’m back to panic, anxiety, and uh I’m definitely gonna need some kind of sports drink.
Chandler: (hoarsely) Water! Water! Water!
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Y’know I’m-I’m really glad we decided not to sleep together before the wedding.
Chandler: Y’know I was thinking if we had a…a big fight and uh we broke up for a few hours…
Chandler: Technically we could have sex again. What do you think, bossy and domineering?!
Chandler: That’s me! Come on!
Chandler: Well get rid of her, obsessive and shrill.
Chandler: (transfixed) Hi! Nice to meet you!
Chandler: I’ll be right with you.
Chandler: I was not staring at her. Okay? I was just listening intently. It’s called being a good conversationalist. Watch. (Stares at Monica’s eyes.) Say something.
Chandler: Umm, so this Aunt Marilyn is-is-is-is she coming to the wedding?
Chandler: This is so sad. I mean, I only have like ten pins.
Chandler: Y’know I think we should invite them.
Chandler: Well this is just sad!
Chandler: Well, thanks a lot for hookin’ me up Rach. I want you to know that I want you to attend our wedding as my guest.
Chandler: (sees another rack) Well, what’s the deal with these? These-these look nice.
Chandler: You mean like for award shows?
Chandler: You mean these tuxes have been down the red carpet with people yelling, "You are you wearing?! You look fabulous!"
Chandler: Okay, who wore those? (Points to the tuxedos.)
Chandler: Not bad.
Chandler: Who’s that?
Chandler: Pierce Brosnan?
Chandler: Are you serious?
Chandler: 007?! This is James Bond’s tux?!
Chandler: Oh, I have to get married in James Bond’s tux!
Chandler: Oh, it’s not just that, I would be England’s most powerful weapon. Jet setting heartbreaker on her majesty’s secret service. A man who fears no one; with a license to kill. (Worried.) Would Monica let me wear this?
Chandler: A freakish thin date with a hanger for her head?
Chandler: What?
Chandler: You can’t wear that! I’m wearing the famous tux! James Bond’s tux!
Chandler: So—If you wear that you’ll make mine less special.
Chandler: Please, don’t take away my cool thing. Please?! Pretty please?!
Chandler: Look, it’s my wedding day okay? If you were getting married I would never do anything to upset you.
Chandler: That was pretty 007.
Chandler: Ross is Batman!
Chandler: Rachel got Ross the tuxedo that Val Kilmer wore in Batman. Okay Batman is so much cooler than James Bond!
Chandler: Batman has a utility belt!
Chandler: Batman has the Batmobile!
Chandler: Batman has Robin! (Pause) We get ESPN right?
Chandler: Actually, I don’t like martinis.
Chandler: Ooh, yum! (Runs into the bedroom.)
Chandler: I would but mine doesn’t fit. The pants are a little tight.
Chandler: Well, does that mean that you’re not going to wearing yours?
Chandler: (standing up) Let me try it on!
Chandler: (trying on the jacket) Okay. Holy double-vented comfort Batman! (Finds something in the pocket) What’s this?
Chandler: An invitation for the At First Sight premiere? Oh my God! Val Kilmer didn’t wear this in Batman! He wore it to the premiere of some tooty-fruity love story where he played a blind guy!
Chandler: The only superpower you have is a slightly heightened sense of smell. (Hands him the jacket and walks away.)
Chandler: Well, you’re welcome. And tell them we’re really glad they’re coming.
Chandler: (yelling from the changing room) All right! I found one that fits!
Chandler: Whose is it?
Chandler: Whose is it?
Chandler: Oh, come on! I don’t care! Come on! Whose is it?
Chandler: Do you realize you get louder each week?
Chandler: I figured I’d buy those. Pat, I’d like to buy a vow. (Laughs)
Chandler: Right. So uh, have you written yours yet?
Chandler: Do you happen to know what I’m going to say?
Chandler: (watching in her) (in his head) Look at her go! She must love me more than I love her! What’s wrong with me? Ooh, don’t open that door.
Chandler: (writing) Monica, there are no words… (To Joey and Ross) There are no words! This should not be this hard!
Chandler: I’m so pathetic! Monica knows what she wants to say! You should’ve seen her. Writing, writing, writing!
Chandler: Yeah, I’m not sure I can do that.
Chandler: (seeing her) Okay.
Chandler: All right, there’s a nuclear holocaust, I’m the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?
Chandler: (shocked) There are seven?! (Points to one) That’s one?
Chandler: Oh, y’know-y’know what, I was looking at it upside down.
Chandler: (writing) Monica…
Chandler: (writes what Joey said and waits for him to go on) Yeah?
Chandler: You'll get one.
Chandler: All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?
Chandler: Oh, no, no. I just meant hypothetically.
Chandler: No, no, no.
Chandler: (trapped) Uh, uh.
Chandler: Dear God! This parachute is a knapsack! (throws himself over the back of the chair he was sitting in)
Chandler: Nice try.
Chandler: Look, Monica…
Chandler: This is not going to work.
Chandler: You are so great! I love you!
Chandler: Nothing! I said, I said "You're so great" and then I just, I just stopped talking!
Chandler: No I didn't!
Chandler: No I didn't!
Chandler: No I don't! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it!
Chandler:  Y’know I was thinking, what if I uh, unpack here?
Chandler: Well, what if all my stuff was here?
Chandler: Okay. What if we lived together and you understand what I’m saying?
Chandler: Oh my God.
Chandler: Okay! (He joins her on one knee) Okay! Okay! I'll do it!  Oh God, I thought… (Starting to cry, pauses) Wait a minute, I-I can do this. (Pause) I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, (Pause) you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. (Starting to cry again.) And if you’ll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. (Pause as he gets out the ring.) Monica, will you marry me?
Chandler: I've had a very long, hard day.
Chandler: Ahh, no thanks. No chicken, bye-bye then.
Chandler: Are you okay? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't leave. He kept asking me about chicken.
Chandler: Hey Joe!
Chandler: Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some cole slaw, some beans, and a Coke—(Yelps in pain as Monica grabs him underwater)—Diet Coke.
Chandler: It happened in London.
Chandler: The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
Chandler: No-no-no-no-no! You can't!
Chandler: (on phone) Laundry. Huh. Is that my new nickname? (Rachel is absolutely stunned, she opens her mouth in absolute amazement.)
Chandler: (after they've left) Okay, did you see that?! With the inappropriate and the pinching!!
Chandler: Okay, so now do you believe that she's attracted to me?
Chandler: Phoebe knows about us!
Chandler: Ahh yes, the messers become the messies!
Chandler: Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put lotion on her! 
Chandler: Look, she's not backing down! She went like this! (He does a little mimic of her dance.)
Chandler: Okay, give me a second! (Pause) Did you clean up in here?
Chandler: Oh, you're-you're going?
Chandler: (swallowing hard) It's very, very nice. Well, come here. I'm very happy were gonna have all the sex.
Chandler: Not if I kiss you first.
Chandler: Well, I guess there's nothing left for us to do but-but kiss.
Chandler: Okay! Okay! Okay! You win! You win!! I can't have sex with ya!
Chandler: Because I'm in love with Monica!!
Chandler: Love her! That's right, I…LOVE…HER!!! I love her!! (They walk together and hug.) I love you, Monica.
Chandler: Yes, and we'd appreciate it if no one told him yet.
Chandler: Who are those people?
Chandler: What’s going on?
Chandler: So we both finished our vows.
Chandler: Don’t worry honey, we’ll make yours funnier.
Chandler: Okay, what do you guys think?
Chandler: You really like it?
Chandler: I stole Monica’s and changed the name.
Chandler: Oh! Right. Umm, maybe that’s because I didn’t send him an invitation.
Chandler: I don’t even know the man. Okay? We’re not the close. I haven’t seen him in years.
Chandler: Well he doesn’t have to know! It’s not like we run in the same circles. I hang out with you guys, and he stars in a drag show in Vegas.
Chandler: Trust me, you don’t want him there either. Okay? Nobody is gonna be staring at the bride when the father of the groom is wearing a back-less dress.
Chandler: What’s this?
Chandler: Are you serious?! I mean like eloping?! No more stupid wedding stuff?! No more these flowers or these flowers or these flowers—Think of the money we’ll save!! (Monica just looks at him.) We’re not eloping. I love the flowers. Can our wedding be bigger please?
Chandler: Y’know we already went over this and I won!
Chandler: Look forget it okay? I don’t want to go. I don’t want to see him. I don’t wanna.
Chandler: No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you’d have to come up with a whole new word for what I went through. When I was in High School, he used to come to all of my swim meets dressed as a different Hollywood starlet. Y’know it’s hard enough to be fourteen. You’re skinny. You’re wearing speedoes—That your mom promised that you would grow into! And you look up into the stands and there’s your dad cheering you on dressed as Carmen Miranda. We was wearing a headdress with real fruit that he will later hand out to your friends as a healthy snack!
Chandler: He had sex with Mr. Girabaldi!
Chandler: Does it matter?!
Chandler: Yeah o-okay, but I’m just doing this for you.
Chandler: So I really never get to win anymore?
Chandler: Yeah, I just ordered a beer! (Pounds the table.)
Chandler: No! No! I don’t want him to know we’re yet! I’m not sure I’m ready for that. And besides he’s not gonna be too happy to see me either.
Chandler: I don’t know if I’ve told you this, but he’s kinda tried to get in contact with me a lot over the last few years
Chandler: Yeah, he’s made phone calls, written letters, he even came to New York, but I always said I was too busy to see him. Y’know it’s all very Cats in the Cradle—I don’t want to get into it. (The show starts.) Here we go.
Chandler: And there’s daddy!
Chandler: Believe me, I’ve been saying that for years. Oh my God!
Chandler: That’s Mr. Girabaldi playing the piano.
Chandler: He’s coming into the audience. He’s coming into the audience.
Chandler: It can’t happen like this. Okay? I’ll meet you back at the hotel.
Chandler: (resigning himself to his fate) Chandler. (He quickly sits down.)
Chandler: Oh, they’re a hoot.
Chandler: Actually Monica and I are engaged.
Chandler: Wait! Wait! We’d really love it if you could be there.
Chandler: I know it would make me happy, ma’am.
Chandler: Yeah. Thanks for making me do this.
Chandler: (To Monica) When I was growing up I…played the one on the far left.
Chandler: Yep! From now on its gonna be the four of you guys and me and the misses. The little woman. The wife. The old ball and chain.
Chandler: The young hot ball and chain.
Chandler: What’s up?
Chandler: Listen, if you want to borrow money, its kind of a bad time. I’m buying dinner for 128 people tomorrow night.
Chandler: But you’re still my friend?
Chandler: During this time…are you, are you still my best man?
Chandler: Do I still call you Ross?
Chandler: (smiling) Hey, I hear what your saying, okay? And, thanks for the warning.
Chandler: So are we…friends again?
Chandler: Okay. (Pause) You won’t believe what Monica’s older brother just said to me!
Chandler: (entering from the bedroom) Okay. Here’s a question you never have to ask. My dad just called and wanted to know if he could borrow one of your pearl necklaces.
Chandler: Yes, include more people in this.
Chandler: Wait a minute! I have a date tomorrow night.
Chandler: Well you don’t have to sound so surprised.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Honestly? Me too.
Chandler: Yeah. Y’know I keep thinking that something stupid is gonna come up and I’ll go all…Chandler. But nothing has.
Chandler: Okay. I’ll be right there.
Chandler: We’re the Bings.
Chandler: Mr. and Mrs. Bing! (Walks away.)
Chandler: Hi.
Chandler: Mom. Thanks for wearing something. (They hug.) (She’s wearing a tight dress with a lot of cleavage showing.)
Chandler: Hi…dad.
Chandler: Oh my God! (He and Monica walk away.)
Chandler: How did you guys find me? I knew I should’ve hid at the gym!
Chandler: Panicking! And using the Internet to try to prove that I’m related to Monica. How is she?
Chandler: No! No! No! I can’t do that!
Chandler: Because if I go home, we’re gonna become the Bings! I can’t be the Bings!
Chandler: The Bings have horrible marriages! They yell. They fight. And they use the pool boy as a pawn in their sexual games!
Chandler: No.
Chandler: It’s not just their marriage! I mean, look at yours. Look at everybody’s! The only person that can make marriage work is Paul Newman! And I’ve met me; I am not Paul Newman. I don’t race cars! I don’t make popcorn! None of my proceeds go to charity.
Chandler: I want to. I love her so much, but I’m afr…It’s too huge.
Chandler: Well yeah, but then…
Chandler: Depends on what you mean by we.
Chandler: No.
Chandler: Yeah okay. Well, what’s the next little bit?
Chandler: Yeah. You’re right. Hey I-I can do that.
Chandler: Okay, excuse me for a minute. (Starts to leave)
Chandler: Ross, I am not gonna run away again! I just want to get a little fresh air.
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Oh fresh air!
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Ross! (He starts to get up.)
Chandler: (standing up) That’s right! I’m not!
Chandler: I know about Monica.
Chandler: Yeah, I heard you and Rachel talking.
Chandler: You don’t know?
Chandler: Monica’s pregnant.
Chandler: Well I was! Then I went down to the gift shop because I was out of cigarettes…
Chandler: Big picture please! So I was in the gift shop, and that’s when I uh, saw this. (He holds up a little, tiny baby jumper that reads I (heart) New York.) Yeah, y’know what? I thought anything that can fit into this, can’t be scary.
Chandler: But come on, look at how cute and small this is! So I got it to give Monica so she’d know I was okay.
Chandler: You look beautiful mom. (His dad clears his throat.) You look beautiful too dad. I love you both. (He kisses his dad on the cheek) I’m so glad you here. (He kisses his mom.)
Chandler: Are you Joey?
Chandler: You look beautiful. Is this new? (Her dress.)
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: (in Monica’s ear) He’s Greek Orthodox.
Chandler: (To Ross) No, that’s okay. (Ross nods and retreats.) Monica I thought this was going to be the most difficult thing I ever gonna had to do. But when I saw you walking down that aisle I realized how simple it was. I love you. Any surprises that come our way it’s okay, because I will always love you. You are the person I was meant to spend the rest of my life with. You wanna know if I’m sure? (He leans in and kisses her.)
Chandler: I do.
Chandler: (To Monica) I love you. And I know about the baby.
Chandler: Our baby.
Chandler: Phoebe found your pregnancy test in the trash.
Chandler: Then…who did?
Chandler: Oh uh-uh, no-no-no-no-uh-uh. (He starts laughing, causing everyone else to laugh.)
Chandler: Hey Rach! (She breaks up and goes back into Monica’s.)
Chandler: What the fu—(beep)—ck are you doing?!
Chandler: What are you guys doing?
Chandler: You see, I don’t say—(Starts laughing.)
Chandler: (noticing the woman on the screen) Whoa! She’s purty!
Chandler: Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!!
Chandler: Monica’s gotta have the phone in the right place and—(Frantic babbling.)
Chandler: What?! What are you talking about?
Chandler: Who’s the father?
Chandler: Why not?
Chandler: As in Barbara Streisand’s husband James Brolin?
Chandler: Y’know I am the groom right? I was told it was kinda big deal.
Chandler: Before we go out there I’ve got a present for ya.
Chandler: No?
Chandler: I’ve been taking dancing lessons.
Chandler: Yeah, the last six weeks. I wanted this to be a moment you will never forget.
Chandler: So? Would you care to join me in our first dance as husband and wife?
Chandler: I don’t know, it’s these new shoes, they’re all slippery.
Chandler: Not well.
Chandler: Thank you.
Chandler: Bravo Dennis thanks for pleasing my mother so.
Chandler: Funny: ha-ha or funny: (Mimes blowing his brain out.)
Chandler: What size shoes do you wear?
Chandler: Great, because my shoes are giving me a little problem on the dance floor, can I borrow the boots from your costume?
Chandler: (looking at Joey’s feet) Those aren’t eleven and a half.
Chandler: And the world will never know.
Chandler: Yes, I told him how talented you were. I told him all about Days Of Our Lives.
Chandler: But you’re not just a soap actor. You are a soap actor with freakishly tiny feet.
Chandler: Did it turn into sand?
Chandler: (sliding up behind her) No. No, I won’t. Do you know why I took all those lessons? See, for the first time I didn’t want you to be embarrassed to be seen on the dance floor with some clumsy idiot.
Chandler: Why?
Chandler: (to the front desk clerk) Hi! We’re checking out of the bridal suite.
Chandler: And I’m the happiest guy in the world! (Monica goes and sits down in a huff.) Oh honey, come on don’t be upset. We still have so much to look forward to!
Chandler: We got the honeymoon.
Chandler: The wedding pictures?
Chandler: Not the disposable cameras from the tables.
Chandler: I’ll tell you what, I will go get them developed and you can go home.
Chandler: What? What did you take a picture of?
Chandler: Okay Ross has the cameras, has he checked out yet?
Chandler: Oh.
Chandler: Okay, well I’m gonna get Ross, get the cameras, and get them developed. (Joey laughs again.) 32 Joe. You’re 32! (Exits)
Chandler: Hey. (He sees that Ross is packing all of the hotel toiletries) Soaps? Shampoos? Are you really taking all this stuff?
Chandler: Yeah but you don’t need—(Picks up something)—What is this?
Chandler: Score! Where are the disposable cameras?
Chandler: The cameras? Remember last night I told you to take them?
Chandler: Yes! Remember? Right before we cut the cake, I went up to you and I said…
Chandler: So you don’t have the cameras?!
Chandler: So? What? What? They’re gone! Monica’s gonna freak!
Chandler: Great.
Chandler: Hey! Did you find the cameras?
Chandler: Yes! And that’s why I’m under the table. Celebrating.
Chandler: Well this is great. Y’know, those cameras were the only thing that was gonna cheer Monica up today, she’s really depressed.
Chandler: All my energy is going into not asking that question. I can’t believe I screwed this up!
Chandler: Are you suggesting we dance our troubles away?
Chandler: Are you serious?
Chandler: Marriage advice? Really?!
Chandler: I don’t know, Monica picked out the flowers.
Chandler: She picked those out too.
Chandler: That was her.
Chandler: I was in charge of the cameras! Gift shop?
Chandler: (to another couple) Uh, excuse me? Could you take a picture of us?
Chandler: Uhh… Yeah sure. (Holds the camera up to his face.) Click!
Chandler: Oh yeah. I’ll take, I’ll take your picture. (He takes the picture with his finger over the lens.)
Chandler: Who are you? Ansel Adams?! Get outta here!
Chandler: Why don’t you go up on stage. I’ll get a picture of you doing the speech.
Chandler: Okay, you ready for the last picture?
Chandler: Get ready to run. (Chandler walks over to the new bride.) Congratulations on your wedding. (He grabs her, kisses her, Ross takes the picture, and they both run out.)
Chandler: We’re back!
Chandler: It’s picture time.
Chandler: (showing her the pictures) Here’s a picture of Ross. (Shows another one.) And that’s me. (Another one.) And that’s me and Ross. (Another one.) Oh-ho, that is a picture of our first kiss as a married couple.
Chandler: Eh?
Chandler: Okay, so this isn’t a picture of our first, but it is a picture of my first kiss with…with this lady. Which by the look on your face I’m sure you’ll remember. So we don’t need—(Rips the picture)—There’s no need to have this picture. How about I take the real pictures and get them developed right now.
Chandler: Okay. (Sees the living room.) You opened all the presents without me?! I thought we were supposed to do that together!
Chandler: Call it even?!
Chandler: Hey! Babe! Aren’t you excited we’re going on our honeymoon?
Chandler: (singing) Bermuda, Bahama, come on pretty mama…
Chandler: I’d better go pack.
Chandler: A Speedo? Uh, I don’t have a Speedo. I’m gonna go pack my regular long bathing suit. (Goes into the bedroom.)
Chandler: (entering) Hey, what was that all about?
Chandler: (in a high pitched voice) What?! I didn’t even know that—Why didn’t you tell me?! (Pause) Why am I talking like this?!
Chandler: (in the high pitched voice) What?! (Normal voice) I am an excellent secret keeper. I have kept all of our secrets.
Chandler: Oh no-no Joey, I am not going to tell you because I am an excellent secret keeper.
Chandler: You already know.
Chandler: Oh honey, leave them alone, they’re in love.
Chandler: We are on our honeymoon.
Chandler: 25J and K, any chance those aren’t together?
Chandler: No.
Chandler: Just act like you belong.
Chandler: Shh! (To the guy behind the counter) Nice to see you again. (They tries to walk past him.)
Chandler: Yes, of course. (Shows him the tickets.)
Chandler: Oh that’s all right, I have it memorized. It’s 1A.
Chandler: Apology accepted. Excuse us. (They try to enter again.)
Chandler: Oh you’ve got to be kidding me.
Chandler: We’re you just ten seconds later!
Chandler: (looks at Monica then at them) We need the stuff.
Chandler: What else is new?
Chandler: Wait. Before we go in, I just want you to know I love you. I had a great time on our honeymoon, and I can’t wait to go in there and spend the rest of our life together.
Chandler: They’re terrific, and they live right here in the city.
Chandler: I’m sorry, we’re just kinda excited because we finally have a couple to hang out with.
Chandler: Listen, they are really great. If you just got a chance…
Chandler: We really…didn’t get a chance to…
Chandler: Ross! It’s got your wavy black lines!
Chandler: Y’know who has a great video camera?
Chandler: Let’s call ‘em.
Chandler: Here you go. (Shows her the number again.)
Chandler: What?
Chandler: I don’t know! You were a delight to talk to. You asked all those insightful, great questions.
Chandler: Yeah, we’re gonna need to see that tape. (They rest of them agree.)
Chandler: I still don’t get it, we didn’t do anything wrong.
Chandler: I thought you said those jokes were funny. Joke! Joke! Joke!
Chandler: Well maybe it was all of your questions.
Chandler: The sheer volume, it was like flying with the Riddler!
Chandler: (angrily) Was that another question?
Chandler: Did you do it on our invitations?!
Chandler: So, just the ones gave back to us and we had framed! (Slams the framed invitation down onto the table.)
Chandler: That’s the magic story you use when you wanna have sex!
Chandler: Jenny! That is so Jenny!
Chandler: You know me sir. Oh ah, I do have a question for ya. Do you know how I get around the office computer network so I can access the really good Internet porn?
Chandler: What’s funny about that?
Chandler: Hey that’s okay. So, where do you want to go?
Chandler: The Hard Rock Café?
Chandler: Again?!
Chandler: You like the Purple Rain display! (A guy walks up.) Hey Bob.
Chandler: Yeah, he thinks that’s my name.
Chandler: Oh it’s been going on way to long now. Y’know, I mean the first time he said it we were just passing each other in the hallway, so I didn’t say anything. And then the next time he said, "Hey Toby, do you want a donut?" And I-I wanted a donut. And now it’s five years later, the donut’s gone and I’m still Toby.
Chandler: No! That would be so awkward! Look—Besides, we work in different departments. He’s on the sixth floor y’know? So he calls me Toby once in a while. What’s the big deal? It could be worse, it’s not like he’s calling me Muriel. (Chandler suddenly freezes into place.)
Chandler: Shh! It is a family name!
Chandler: Hey Bob.
Chandler: If I see him, I’ll ask.
Chandler: Yeah!
Chandler: We’re on a semi-first name basis.
Chandler: Bob? Ooh, working here with us? Everyday? Yeah, I don’t know if he has what it takes.
Chandler: But this is eleven. It’s almost twice as hard up here.
Chandler: I think it’s best sir.
Chandler: Y’know what you should do, just toss ‘em in the shedder and claim you never got ‘em.
Chandler: What does a guy have to do to be taken seriously around here?!
Chandler: Sure, what’s up?
Chandler: Hey Bobby.
Chandler: Uhh yeah. Yeah, it’s (Points down the hall) right, right down there. (When he has Bob looking down the hall, he turns around and knocks his nameplate off of his door.) Right there, yeah. Can I ask you why?
Chandler: Okay Bob listen uhh, I’m the reason you didn’t get the job up here.
Chandler: Bob!
Chandler: Well that puts me in a difficult position.
Chandler: (entering) Bob. Bob! Bob!!! (He turns around) What the hell are you doing?!
Chandler: You’re an actor!
Chandler: (entering from the bedroom wearing a big, pink bunny costume) Monica! Can I talk to you for a second? Listen, I appreciate you getting me the costume…
Chandler: The Velveteen Rabbit was brown and white!
Chandler: No bunny at all!! Always no bunny at all!!!
Chandler: How is that me?
Chandler: When have I ever done that?!
Chandler: Wow! I don’t have the worst costume anymore!
Chandler: Oh! Hi!
Chandler: Joey’s gonna be thrilled! He was hoping you’d come by as a slutty nurse.
Chandler: You’d think that would embarrass me, but you see I’m maxed out.
Chandler: (To Ross) Marry her.
Chandler: Howdy doody.
Chandler: Oh relax man, relax. You’re looking a little flushed.
Chandler: What question?
Chandler: There’s no question.
Chandler: (To Monica) You picked Ross?!
Chandler: I cannot believe you didn’t pick me.
Chandler: Oh really?! You think you’re stronger? Why don’t you prove it? (He pushes Ross who starts to fall backwards until Mona catches him.)
Chandler: (To Ross) You’re going down.
Chandler: That means nothing to me. (To Ross) Come on!
Chandler: And dignity.
Chandler: Nope! I can do this all day.
Chandler: God, I’m exhausted.
Chandler: No way! If anything you’ve gotta let me win! My wife thinks I’m a wimp!
Chandler: You’re Spudnik.
Chandler: Fine. (He lets Ross win.) Oh no! 
Chandler: Listen, I’ve got a secret for ya. I let him win.
Chandler: No, I let him win—Ross!
Chandler: Would you tell her I let you win please?
Chandler: I am strong! I’ll show you! (He sits down at the table.)
Chandler: Oh what’s the matter? Are you scared?
Chandler: Okay. 1…2…3—Go! (Once again he’s at a stalemate, but this time he’s in pain.) (Pause) I’m gonna kill myself!
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Y’know uh, I didn’t actually do this.
Chandler: No, it wasn’t you.
Chandler: I got a maid. Yay!
Chandler: Uh honey, I know you don’t like to relinquish control…
Chandler: Look, she’s really nice. Okay? And she mentioned that she adored the way that you arranged the sponges.
Chandler: Yes, I distinctly remember ‘cause I thought it was a joke. Now just give her a chance, okay?
Chandler: What’s the matter?
Chandler: See? I told you.
Chandler: (pause) What?
Chandler: So she stole your pants and then she came back and wore them in front of you?
Chandler: She must’ve been planning this for years!
Chandler: Honey, isn’t it possible that the company that sold the jeans made more than just the one pair?
Chandler: So, shouldn’t we go give her the benefit of the doubt before we go…snooping around her crotch?
Chandler: Out of curiosity, what is your secret ingredient?
Chandler: (entering) Hi!
Chandler: How come?
Chandler: To see her pants?
Chandler: Are you sure? Did you see the stain?
Chandler: God! She is not stealing from us! Okay, will you let this go?
Chandler: Oh dear God!
Chandler: And yet you don’t recognize that you’re crazy.
Chandler: Here’s another plan…No!
Chandler: Why?
Chandler: I fear a jury will see it the same way!
Chandler: You see that?
Chandler: All right. Yes. Okay. I get your point. But if it’s not your bra will you just let the woman clean the apartment?!
Chandler: You need new clothes.
Chandler: I’m leaning. This is where I lean.
Chandler: Brenda a bee!
Chandler: Yes! It’s flown into your blouse and you’d better undo your buttons lest it sting you!
Chandler: You do?
Chandler: I totally understand. (They both laugh.) Can I just see your bra?
Chandler: Her what?!!
Chandler: You had a bachelorette party?!
Chandler: I thought we weren’t gonna have bachelor/bachelorette parties! Y’know, we agreed that it was a silly tradition.
Chandler: You went home with the waitress.
Chandler: I can’t believe you didn’t tell me! You know that the two pillars of marriage are openness and honesty!
Chandler: My God! You must be good in bed!
Chandler: She’s okay with Rachel and the baby?
Chandler: Well, you have to honest with her! Otherwise you may think that you’re going down the same path, but you’re really going down different ones.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Honey! That’s crazy! I don’t want you to get me a stripper…
Chandler: Look, I appreciate it, but uh, it’s a little creepy. Y’know? I’m not a bachelor anymore.
Chandler: All right fine! But I’m only doing this for you!
Chandler: And Joey.
Chandler: Ah, no-no-no just Ross. Ross and Joey is embarrassing enough.
Chandler: I understand: who would cancel an actual date to go to a fake bachelor party?
Chandler: What are you doing?
Chandler: Okay. I can’t believe tomorrow’s the big day.
Chandler: You’re right, this is more fun.
Chandler: Hi. (Joey blows on a noisemaker.)
Chandler: That’s me.
Chandler: Yeah, yeah right over there.
Chandler: That was weird.
Chandler: So she’s a…
Chandler: I can’t believe there is a naked hooker in there!
Chandler: Could be. I mean technically she did strip, we just, we just missed it. (Walks towards the bedroom.) Ma’am, are you also a stripper?
Chandler: That is funny, maybe for my birthday she’ll murder someone.
Chandler: Oh actually, I’d rather you…Yeah, go ahead. We’re gonna have to burn that room down anyway.
Chandler: Why would she do that?
Chandler: This is the worst bachelor party ever!
Chandler: (To Joey) In a minute? What’s gonna happen in a minute?!
Chandler: Why me?!
Chandler: Which is why you should do it.
Chandler: You do it!
Chandler: All right Rock, Paper, Scissors who has to tell the whore to leave! (Joey smirks.) What?
Chandler: I don’t think we’ve actually done this before!
Chandler: Well we…we still hang out.
Chandler: Well y’know, things are different. I’m…I’m married now.
Chandler: Yeah, I miss that too. I tell you what; from now on we’ll make time to hang out with each other.
Chandler: Her ass print is still on your grandmother’s quilt, do you really want to talk about smoking?
Chandler: Monica! Wait!
Chandler: (puts on his crown) Carry on.
Chandler: Could you not narrate?
Chandler: I have no idea.
Chandler: Yeah! I’m just pretending to watch the game so I don’t have to help out with stuff.
Chandler: Nope! Every once and a while I just scream stuff at the TV. 
Chandler: Yeah! Anderson just scored again! (To Phoebe) There’s no Anderson.
Chandler: Oh hey. I’d shake your hand but uh; I’m really into the game. Plus, I think it’d be better for my ego if we didn’t stand right next to each other.
Chandler: I’m watching the game, but I’m not deaf!
Chandler: (To Phoebe) Y’know, it’s been a while since we’ve screamed something. Maybe we should.
Chandler: Oh come on!
Chandler: Good game!
Chandler: Yeah. Solid effort. Solid effort.
Chandler: (simultaneously) Detroit.
Chandler: Everybody at my school heard it! You were the hermaphrodite cheerleader from Long Island?!
Chandler: I’m sorry. When you were in high school you made out with a 50-year-old woman?
Chandler: Did she look 16?
Chandler: Well, she probably wasn’t familiar with the process having spent most of her life sitting for oil paintings!
Chandler: Yes, I believe we can expect a call from the President any moment now.
Chandler: New haircut? (Monica nods ‘No.’) Necklace? (No) Dress? (No) Boots? (Monica nods ‘Yes.’) Boots!
Chandler: Oh my God!
Chandler: I’m gonna miss being able to afford food.
Chandler: She had a point. (Shows her the receipt.) 
Chandler: Yeah well, too bad we’re gonna have to return them.
Chandler: I have you.
Chandler: Hey-hey.
Chandler: You can wear them with shorts on a street corner and earn the money to pay for them. (Goes and gets some coffee at the counter.)
Chandler: (returning to his seat) Hey!
Chandler: (spinning around looking for him) I don’t think you did a very thorough job!
Chandler: (opening the door) What’s wrong?
Chandler: Oh don’t forget, my office holiday party is tonight. (They go into the apartment.)
Chandler: Now sweetie, I know you don’t like my office parties, but you can wear your new boots. See? Every cloud has a…supple leather lining.
Chandler: Why not?
Chandler: Do you think I work at some kind of boot pricing company?
Chandler: You said that you paid all that money because those boots go with skirts, dresses, and pants!
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Y’know, that party wasn’t bad.
Chandler: I don’t see any uh, cabs. Maybe we should just walk?
Chandler: What honey, it’s like fifteen blocks to the subway. Let’s go.
Chandler: What’s going on?
Chandler: What?
Chandler: So I was right. This is what it feels like to be right. (Pause) It’s oddly unsettling.
Chandler: Hop on.
Chandler: Honey, I know you’re in pain right now, but I’m a little turned on.
Chandler: Okay, ten blocks down. Five to go.
Chandler: Oh I’m sorry! Do you need a break?
Chandler: I can see it from right here. It’ll cost you one husband.
Chandler: (pause) I don’t have your boots.
Chandler: Well, why don’t you check in one of my saddlebags while I chew on a bale of hay!
Chandler: Honey, are you seriously ever gonna wear the boots again?
Chandler: Y’know what? You can say goodbye to the tan ones.
Chandler: Okay. (Moves closer to the window.)
Chandler: Honey, you remember my boss Doug right?
Chandler: I didn’t know you and Carol were getting divorced, I’m sorry.
Chandler: No.
Chandler: Oh yeah. Boy, urine cuts right through an ice sculpture doesn’t it?
Chandler: Oh uh, as it turns out, we can’t do it. Monica has to work.
Chandler: Oh uh well tomorrow’s no good for her either.
Chandler: It’s the semi-finals…of her…botchy ball tournament.
Chandler: Well now-now you’re just talking crazy.
Chandler: Because uh…we-we…we split up. Monica and I split up. Hold me.
Chandler: Y’know what would really help me through this tough time is choking something. Can I choke ya?
Chandler: Oh no-no-no, Monica would freak. (Doug looks at him.) But to hell with that bitch.
Chandler: Oh that’s all right sir, and that’s just one girl.
Chandler: It’s a hand. It’s a thing you use as a Jack and Coke holder.
Chandler: Oh no-no-no!
Chandler: Hi honey I’m home.
Chandler: It was awful. To get out of going to dinner with Doug I told him that you and I split up. So then he took me to all these strip clubs and sleazy bars, and then when I wouldn’t give him my wedding ring, he threw a soda can at a bird!
Chandler: Y’know what the worse part was? I got to see what my life would be like without you. It was like It’s a Wonderful Life with lap dances. Please promise that you will never leave me, that we will grow old together, and be with each other for the rest of our lives.
Chandler: Ooh, I don’t know if we’re there yet.
Chandler: Oh my goodness! Where did you hide it?
Chandler: Pheebs you didn’t have to get us anything for our wedding you already sang…
Chandler: Oh, okay. 
Chandler: I kinda like it here.
Chandler: Well what did it do?
Chandler: A vending machine?
Chandler: Who cares? It’s a stupid game.
Chandler: I don’t suck. It’s sucks. You suck.
Chandler: Why do you want to play this game so bad?
Chandler: You are not going to believe what I did today!
Chandler: I got good. I played this game all day and now I rule at it! They should change the name of it to Ms. Chandler. (Pause) Although I-I hope they don’t.
Chandler: Uh-huh, and I got all the top ten scores, I erased Phoebe off the board! High five! (Holds up his hand to give Monica a high five, only he can’t straighten his fingers.)
Chandler: Well I’ve been playing it for like eight hours, it’ll loosen up. Come on, check out the scores. Oh, and also look at the initials, they’re dirty words.
Chandler: Because it’s awesome.
Chandler: Well y’know, they only give you three letters, so after A-S-S it is a bit of a challenge.
Chandler: It is when you put it together with that one.
Chandler: Come on, he won’t even know what they mean.
Chandler: Have you talked to him lately?
Chandler: No-no-no, if you unplug it, I’ll have nothing to show for my day! It would be like I was at work. (She unplugs it.) No! (And plugs it back in.) Hey look at that! Look at that, it’s still there! This thing must have some kind of primitive ROM (Read Only Memory, it’s a memory chip.) Chip in it or something!
Chandler: With the claw?!
Chandler: (smiles) Pull my finger—(Looks at his hand)—My hand is messed up.
Chandler: I did. (Looks at his still deformed hand) But it came at a price.
Chandler: Oh come on, by age seven kids have already seen orgies. (They both look at him.) Was it just me?!
Chandler: One more score to go! You can do it! (Touches her shoulder.)
Chandler: All right! Go left! Go left! Go right!! Go right!!
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler:
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler:
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: Hey Pheebs, what’s up?
Chandler: Buy stamps, pick up dry cleaning…Don’t let Phoebe in.
Chandler: Well, Phoebe I thought I’d—(Off Phoebe’s look)—Yeah, what the hell. (Exits with Phoebe.)
Chandler: Hey babe.
Chandler: Who says you can’t get a nice punch bowl for under six bucks? Maybe we can take it back?
Chandler: How about to the street say from the balcony?
Chandler: Okay. How about in that cabinet?
Chandler: How about the closet by the bathroom? (The secret green door by the bathroom.)
Chandler: Oh no-no-no, I will do it. Honey, you have to learn to sit down and relax and let your husband take care of things once and awhile. (Tries the door.) It’s locked, you have to help me. Why is it locked?
Chandler: Oh y’know, I’ve been living here a while and I’ve never seen what’s inside that closet. What is, what is in there?
Chandler: Don’t try to make me uncomfortable with feminine stuff!
Chandler: Fine.
Chandler: (walking casually away) Love you.
Chandler: Phoebe if it helps Alexandra has only been massaging Monica for like three years. (Phoebe rolls her eyes and walks away and Monica glares at him.) If! I said, "If it helps!" (Goes to the bedroom.)
Chandler: I wasn’t trying to open your closet! I wasn’t trying to open your closet! I swear! (Running into the kitchen and sees its Joey.)
Chandler: Monica has a secret closet and she won’t let me see what’s in it.
Chandler: I don’t know! What could she possibly be hiding in here that I can’t see?!
Chandler: Why would Monica be keeping Richard in here?
Chandler: And here we go…
Chandler: There has got to be a way!
Chandler: Yeah. (Checks his hair.) Oh no wait, I’m not an nine-year-old girl.
Chandler: Maybe Monica has a bobby pin.
Chandler: So, how’s the hideously inappropriate crush on Rachel coming?
Chandler: That’s a good idea.
Chandler: Okay. (They switch places and Chandler gets out a credit card.) So uh, Ross is kinda bummed huh?
Chandler: Well, it’s not your fault. What are you gonna do? Not take her to the hospital? Y’know? You’re doing nothing wrong. (Pause) Except for harboring an all consuming love for the woman whose carrying his baby. (He loses his card behind the door.) Richard? If-if you’re in there, could you pass me my credit card?
Chandler: Not to shabby, I got this all off myself…using my wife’s tools. (He takes the door off the frame and we finally get to see what’s behind the green door! It is stacked, floor to ceiling, with junk.) Oh my God!
Chandler: (laughs) You’re messy.
Chandler: I married Fred Sanford!
Chandler: No, honey you’re not sick! Look, I don’t love you because you’re organized, I love you in spite of that.
Chandler: Yes! And look, now that I know if I got some extra stuff lying around can we, can we share the closet.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: So Rachel’s all moved out huh? How are you taking it?
Chandler: Are you okay?
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: 
Chandler: Oh! (Puts his hand on her belly.) She’s growing inside you.
Chandler: Oh! (Pulls his hand away.)
Chandler: I think that’s the youngest girl ever to reject me.
Chandler: Oh hey!
Chandler: No. I mean I believe that uh, certain people are more suited for each other and I believe in falling in love, but soul mates, I don’t think they exist.
Chandler: Why?
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Come on, don’t be crazy. (To Rachel) You don’t think there’s someone out there better suited for Monica than me, do ya? (Rachel looks at him.)
Chandler: A tall guy with hair similar to mine, oh unknowable universe!
Chandler: Luckily, the guy she settled for can’t hear what you’re talking about.
Chandler: You believe that this guy is destined for someone else and you’re still gonna date him?
Chandler: (mouths to Phoebe) What?
Chandler: What’s wrong with sun-dried tomatoes? (Everyone stares at him.) On a barbecue chicken pizza? (Still there’s staring.) No?
Chandler: What are you doing?!
Chandler: I believe in tall, handsome strangers who hit on my wife!
Chandler: Cheese you say? That’s some pretty smelly work, huh Don?
Chandler: Cheese, it’s smelly. You must smell a lot of the time too.
Chandler: Is it made of cheese?
Chandler: (disgusted) Oh come on! (To Phoebe) Are you listening to this?
Chandler: What do we do?
Chandler: Sure, why don’t you set it up. I’ll just be over here, browsing through the personals.
Chandler: Yeah, fine. Fine. Not perfect!! But good enough.
Chandler: I’m sorry, did you say cheese?
Chandler: Phoebe thinks you and Don are soul mates, and I don’t believe in that kind of stuff. But then you two totally get along. So look, I won’t stand in your way if you want to run off with Don and live in a house of cheese.
Chandler: No. But I’m sure (mimics Don) ‘tomatoes’ does.
Chandler: You don’t?
Chandler: So you…you don’t want to live with Don in a cheese house?
Chandler: I love you.
Chandler: Y’know what? I am going to take you out to dinner tonight. I found this place that makes the greatest mozzarella sticks and jalepino poppers . (Monica doesn’t look impressed.) No? Really? They taste so good.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: I don’t see him. (To Monica) Do you see him?
Chandler: What?! No! No!
Chandler: (incredulous) I don’t know what that’s like?! Up until I was 25 I thought the only response to, "I love you," was, "Oh crap!"
Chandler: (interrupting him) We didn’t play it!!
Chandler: I didn’t know you read tea leaves.
Chandler: What does yours say Pheebs?
Chandler: Well, I’m sure you get another one at Ann Taylor’s.
Chandler: Phoebe, did you see that?! He totally checked you out! He is so cute! (Looking at his tea.) Mine has a picture of The Village People, what does that mean?
Chandler: I know it’s tough now, but things will get better.
Chandler: I’m not great at the advice, can I interest you in a sarcastic comment? Some cheese?
Chandler: Let’s just say if I can’t find the right CD case I just put it in the nearest one.
Chandler: In the James Taylor case.
Chandler: Honey, I’m gonna save you some time, 200 CDs, not one of them in the right case.
Chandler: Well, if we’re gonna do that we should come up with some kind of order. Y’know alphabetically or by genre?
Chandler: They were just giving those away at the store (off Monica’s look) in exchange for money.
Chandler: Oh my God, honey we are so meant to be together. We both have copies of the Annie soundtrack.
Chandler: What problem did you tell him you had?
Chandler: (singing) The sun’ll come out…tomorrow! Bet…your bottom dollar that tomorrow… (The girls start laughing, and in a deep voice) …there’ll be sun.
Chandler: You can always sell your baby.
Chandler: Wow, Ralph Lauren is really going out of there way to show they’re not in the baby buying business.
Chandler: Oh I’m sorry, you’re kicking me out of my own living room?
Chandler: I’ll be in there. (Goes into the bedroom.)
Chandler: Oooh, did he put a little starch in your bloomers? (Sits up) Who said that?
Chandler: And you wonder why Ross is their favorite?
Chandler: What are you doing?
Chandler: It’s a dog.
Chandler: It’s your parents’ anniversary and you’re going to talk about their dead pet?
Chandler: Yeah, sure. What do you need? We got lace, satin, sateen, raffia, gingham, felt, (Pause) and I think my testacles may be in here too.
Chandler: Ha!
Chandler: Yeah.
Chandler: I don’t think the flash went off.
Chandler: Somewhere there is someone with a tranquilizer gun and a huge butterfly net looking for that man.
Chandler: What are you doin’?
Chandler: Ya know if you want to, I can just hold them down and you could (Punches the air).
Chandler: If only there was something in your head to control the things you say. (Joey nods his agreement.)
Chandler: Is that gal pal spelled L-O-S-E-R?
Chandler: No, we’re just four people with neck problems. You talk like this. (Out of the sides of their mouths.)
Chandler:
Chandler: And a bagel with only…
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler: Mento?
Chandler: Thanks.
Joey: How come you have two?  Chandler: Well this one's for you.  Joey: Get out.  Chandler: No, I can't. No-no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry, (Puts bracelet on Joey) it's about you and me and the fact that we're (Reading bracelet) best buds.  Joey: Wow, is this friendship? I think so. Check it out, we're bracelet buddies.  Chandler: That's what they'll call us.  [The next one is from Episode 618: The One Where Ross Dates A Student.]
Chandler: It hurts me. It physically hurts me.
Chandler:
Chandler:
Chandler: Oh my God, introduce us!
Chandler: Hey Joe! You wanna shoot some hoops?
Chandler: That’s great.
Chandler: You’ll be perfect for this! That’s already your name!
Chandler: Okay, I guess we can lose to junior high girls some other time.
Chandler: Bamboozled?
Chandler: (simultaneously with Ross) No!
Chandler: Well Joey, I’m a headhunter. I hook up out of work Soviet scientists with rogue third-world nations. Hi Rasputin! (Waves.)
Chandler: Bogota.
Chandler: What does a Wicked Wango card do?
Chandler: Higher or lower than what?
Chandler: (To Ross) Can you believe how lame this is?
Chandler: This is ridiculous, he’s not gonna hold his breath… (Ross cuts him off by taking a deep breath and holding it.)
Chandler: Let me see that.
Chandler: Triscadecaphobia.
Chandler: Fear of Triscuts?
Chandler: This game makes no sense!
Chandler: Oh come on Ross, I think we’re all losers here.
Chandler: Let me think. Let me think—Oh! I don’t care.
Chandler: Either, it makes no difference.
Chandler: I’ll take a card.
Chandler: This game is kinda fun.
Chandler: I don’t think the contestants are supposed to speak to each other.
Chandler: Treasure of the Sierra Madre!
Chandler: Madre Sierra the of Treasure!
Chandler: I’d like to go up the ladder of chance to the golden mud hut please.
Chandler: Six!
Chandler: (disappointed and simultaneously as Ross) Hungry monkey.
Chandler: Tell it to the Time Turtle!
Chandler: (annoyed) Oh come on!!
Chandler: I’d like a Google Card.
Chandler: Yes! (Pause) No! (Pause) Google!
Chandler: Nooo!!
Chandler: This is the best game ever!!!
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: I’m so sorry.
Chandler: I have a job interview I have to get ready for.
Chandler: And people say you don’t pay attention. No, this is a much better job. It’s vice-president of a company that does data reconfiguration and statistical factoring for other companies.
Chandler: That’s what I do now.
Chandler: The front page? You really do live in your own little world, don’t ya?
Chandler: (entering) Hey Phoebe! (To Rachel) Fatty!
Chandler: Well, I got a job interview. It’s kinda a big deal too. Its a lot more money and I’d be doing data reconfiguration and statistical factoring.
Chandler: Me! I do that. So… Seriously, do I look okay? I’m little nervous.
Chandler: Why not?
Chandler: What about it?
Chandler: (shocked) What?!
Chandler: Are you serious?!
Chandler: What is it that I do?
Chandler: (To Rachel) Did you like me when we first met?
Chandler: I can’t even believe this! I really come off that badly?
Chandler: Oh good. Good, because I’m sure this interview is gonna last a couple of weeks.
Chandler: An hour.
Chandler: Phoebe!
Chandler: Chandler Bing.
Chandler: Well you should meet my uncle, Bada. (Pause) I’ll let myself out.
Chandler: …I think you’ll find if I come to work here, I don’t micro-manage. I don’t shy away from delegating.
Chandler: (suppressing a smile) What I do do…is manage to uh, create an atmosphere of support for the people working with me.
Chandler: Hardest thing I’ve ever done in my life.
Chandler: Oh! (Stands up.)
Chandler: Really?
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: …also I was the point person on my company’s transition from the KL-5 to GR-6 system.
Chandler: That I did. That I did.
Chandler: (nervous) My duties? (Trying not to crack a joke) All right.
Chandler: (trying not to laugh) I see.
Chandler: (really try not to laugh) Good to know.
Chandler: No don’t I beg of you!
Chandler: (relieved) Really?!
Chandler: Yeah I gotta say thank you, I was really nervous. Y’know I’ve been told I come on to strong, make to many jokes, and then it was really hard to sidestep that duty thing. (The interviewer doesn’t understand) Duties. (Still doesn’t.) Duties! (Still doesn’t.) Poo. (Still doesn’t.)
Chandler: Oh my God this doesn’t count! Okay? The interview was over, that was the real Chandler Bing in there, this is just some crazy guy out in the hall! Call security! There’s a crazy guy out in the hall!
Chandler: I’ll look forward to your call. (Walks away.)
Chandler: Let’s. (Everyone gets up and leaves Rachel.)
Chandler: Hey! Did you have the baby yet?
Chandler: He’s not snoozing, he’s teaching a class.
Chandler: I haven’t seen this dress.
Chandler: You really want to take me?
Chandler: So you’re never actually going to pay me back?
Chandler: I always knew you were gonna make it. I’m so proud of you.
Chandler: (in a manly voice) Yeah well, I’m gonna go spit. (He goes into the bedroom. On his way out, Joey gives Rachel a wide berth.)
Chandler: This is so exciting! It’s so glamorous! People taking our picture. How do I look?
Chandler: What?
Chandler: It’s just so glamorous.
Chandler: Good job Joe! Well done! Top notch!
Chandler: Oh-ho-ho, yeah!
Chandler: The whole thing! Can we go?
Chandler: I love the specifics, the specifics were the best part!
Chandler: I was surprised to see a kangaroo in a World War I epic.
Chandler: Don’t go! I’m sorry. I’m so sorry! (Sees another guy who is still asleep.) Look! This guy fell asleep! He fell asleep too! Be mad at him! (Looks at him more closely.) Or, call an ambulance.
Chandler: Where have you been?! I tried to call you! I want to talk to you! I still feel so bad!
Chandler: I’m so sorry.
Chandler: What?!
Chandler: You don’t owe me anything, I don’t want you money…
Chandler: I don’t know, five hundred dollars?
Chandler: Well then there was the second set, the infamous booger head shots.
Chandler: Do you want a calculator?
Chandler: Here! (Hands him one. Joey adds it up and discovers that he was right.)
Chandler: Well uh, there was acting classes, stage combat classes, tap classes…
Chandler: Uh then there was that dialect coach who helped you with that play where you needed a southern accent. Which after twenty hours of lessons still came out Jamaican. 
Chandler: Yes, money well spent!
Chandler: Okay, two, three years of rent, utilities, food…
Chandler: Hi!
Chandler: Man, if only you’d gotten here sooner. (Ross turns and glares at him.)
Chandler: Yeah?
Chandler: Okay.
Chandler: Okay. I’ve been thinking about it too, and I, I think we’re ready.
Chandler: But you said you were ready too.
Chandler: Yes, but haven’t you wanted a kid like forever?
Chandler: I’m not crazy about babies. I’m crazy about us.
Chandler: Look, we’ve always talked about having babies someday. I’m not saying it has to be right now, but I’m starting to think that we can handle it. We’re good. We’re really good.
Chandler: But nothing has to happen until your ready.
Chandler: What?! It’s not right! We’re not ready to have a kid now!!
Chandler: I’m kidding. This is going to be fun.
Chandler: We’re trying to get pregnant. (They start kissing, but Chandler stops it.) Y’know I’m not really comfortable doing this in front of the babies. So, when do you want to start trying?
Chandler: Period math?
Chandler: Yeah.
Chandler: Right here?
Chandler: Wait a minute, it’s perfect. We got a lot of time to kill and we’re in a building that’s full of beds!
Chandler: Okay. (They start kissing.)
Chandler: Okay. Uh, we’ll dim the lights, dim the lights. (He goes to the light switch and finds it’s not a dimmer switch when he flips the lights off.) Or turn them out all together. Uh, no scented candles. Okay here. Here we go. (He sprays an aerosol air freshener above her.)
Chandler: Yes, 98.6. You’re gonna be fine.
Chandler: Should we tell Rachel there’s an empty private room right next door to hers?
Chandler: Well let me think about that, while I remove my pants!
Chandler: If it’s not, then there’s two of them. And that would mean it’s the end of the world!
Chandler: Hi.
Chandler: Weirdest thing. Did I hear—(A nurse opens the privacy screen and Chandler sees Janice)—Mother of God it’s true!
Chandler: Jan-Janice!
Chandler: Janice I didn’t even know you were pregnant! Who’s the unwitting human who’s essence you’ve stolen?
Chandler: What?!
Chandler: That’s funny. Does it-does it hurt? Does the labor hurt?
Chandler: It’s incredible, I mean one minute she’s inside you and then 47 hours later here she is.
Chandler: So, do you know what you’re gonna call her yet?
Chandler: So then I guess Ferdinad is out.
Chandler: You do?
Chandler: Oh no, it’s gonna be named after some snack or baked good isn’t it?
Chandler: That was amazing.
Chandler: And if not, we got to do it on a bucket.
Chandler: He pulled a quarter out of my ear!
Chandler: Okay. Wow.
Chandler: Sure.
Chandler: That was you?! I thought it was Jack!
Chandler: What?! Why does she think that?
Chandler: Again, what?!
Chandler: As we all are at some point during the day.
Chandler: Ross had a ring?! And he was gonna propose?
Chandler: And you did it first?! This is gonna kill him! You know how much he loves to propose!
Chandler: Well, what did she say?
Chandler: Does Ross know?
Chandler: Well maybe you don’t have to tell him anything.
Chandler: If you clear things up with Rachel then Ross never needs to find out, but you have to do it now before he hears about it and kicks your ass!
Chandler: Honey, we’ve been over this. I need to be facing the other way.
Chandler: I’m so tired. (She starts kissing him.) Yeah okay, but no foreplay.
Chandler: Hello sir, you know Monica.
Chandler: Look, we can’t stay in here forever.
Chandler: This is okay. We’re all adults here; there’s nothing to be ashamed of. Now, let’s put our underwear in our pockets and walk out the door. (They do so and find Mr. Geller leaning against a wall stunned.)
Chandler: I just want you to know that what you witnessed in there, that wasn’t for fun.
Chandler: (To Monica) Why? Why-why-would you—Wh-why… (To Mr. Geller) Look, I just don’t want you to think that we’re animals who do it whenever we want.
Chandler: That’s funny, this conversation’s how I got the bullet hole in my head.
Chandler: Seriously sir, my brains? All over the wall.
Chandler: You still haven’t told Rachel you weren’t really proposing?
Chandler: Joey, you have to tell her what’s going on! And what did it look like?!
Chandler: Go and tell Rachel right now before Ross finds out.
Chandler: Okay, look, just do it gently.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: Yea yea. (Pulls the balloon out of his mouth)
Chandler: No, no, Ross and Rachel will be back soon and then I gotta go to the office (Pulls another balloon out of his mouth) Am I producing them?
Chandler: Couldn’t sleep last night you know, then I started worrying about this big divisional meeting that I have later today, the more I worried about it the more I couldn’t sleep.  Y’know? I was like, if I fall asleep now I’ll get six hours sleep, but if I fall asleep now I’ll get five hours sleep. Not matter what I did I couldn’t fall asleep.
Chandler: Hey, what do I know? I wanted to get a bigger gorilla.
Chandler: Walter (nods).
Chandler: Yep.
Chandler: (not knowing what he’s saying yes to) Yes.
Chandler: (enters) Hey.
Chandler: Monica can I talk to you outside for a minute?
Chandler: Actually Pheebs its more of a husband and wife kinda thing
Chandler: Umm, you know how we always said that it would be fun to move to Paris for a year? You know, you could study French cooking and I could write and we could take a picnic along the Seine and go wine tasting in Bordeaux?
Chandler: Okay, you know how that people say that Tulsa is the Paris of Oklahoma?
Chandler: People who’ve never ever been to Paris.
Chandler: We’re moving to Tulsa! (Makes a excited expression on his face)
Chandler: Okay, Ms. McKenna, she kind of works above my boss, she asked me to move to Tulsa and be the president of our office there, and I was sleeping and apparently, said yes.
Chandler: The Sooner State, whatever that is.
Chandler: Really? Oh What A Beautiful Morning!  Surrey With A Fringe On Top.
Chandler: No, no, but they are going to lease us a Ford Focus. (Monica’s not impressed.) I’ll get out of it.
Chandler: (hears Emma crying) What is wrong with Emma?
Chandler: Umm ma’am, do you have a minute? (She points for him to come in) I kind of have some bad news. I don’t think I can move to Tulsa.
Chandler: It’s a funny story, actually. (coughs) I kind of fell asleep in the meeting this morning so when I said I’d move to Tulsa, I didn’t really know what I was saying.
Chandler: But only because I was up all night worried about this meeting, ain’t that funny? Irony? Not a fan, alright (he sits down). See, here’s the thing. I went home and told my wife about Tulsa and she won’t go. See, me, I love Tulsa!  Tulsa is heaven!  Tulsa is Italy—Please don’t make me go there!
Chandler: No no no! Look, Carol, can I call you Carol? (Pause) Wh-why would I when your name is Elaine? Oh what a great picture of your son, strapping! (She glares at him.) That’s a picture of your daughter, isn’t it, well she’s lovely. I like a girl with a strong jaw. I’ll call you from Tulsa. (Exits.)
Chandler: (entering, loudly) Hey!
Chandler: Oh so there can’t be any yelling.
Chandler: We’re moving to Tulsa
Chandler: Shhhh! Shhhhh! Shhhhh! Shhhhh! (Walks backwards towards the door) I can’t, I can’t hear you. (He runs out)
Chandler: (enters) Hey, what you guys talking about?
Chandler: Okay, our news. My company has asked me to head   up our office in Tulsa , so as of Monday I'm being officially relocated.
Chandler: They said it could be up to a year.
Chandler: There is nothing like the support of your loving   wife, huh?
Chandler: I'm sorry buddy, but I don't think I'm gonna be   able to make it.
Chandler: Really?
Chandler: (Enters) Hey!
Chandler: I've got good news!
Chandler: Okay, I have news. You don't have to move to Tulsa.   You can stay here and keep your job. 
Chandler: I'm sorry, are you just used to saying that?
Chandler: Really?
Chandler: That's fast math! We could use you in Tulsa. 
Chandler: Hey, you said that without gagging!
Chandler: I know what she's talking about.
Chandler: He saw a therapist?
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Looking for restaurant jobs for you in Tulsa.
Chandler: Slim Pickings.
Chandler: No, 'Slim Pickings', it's a barbecue restaurant.   They're looking for a cook. Actually 'cook' may be a bit of a stretch. They're   looking for someone to shovel mesquite. 
Chandler: 'So Cheesy' also has an opening.
Chandler: Can I just say how much I appreciate you coming   with me. When we get to Tulsa I'm taking you for a great dinner at 'Slim Pickings'.   'So Cheesy'? 'Whole Hog'? It's going to be tough to keep Kosher in Tulsa.
Chandler: Honey, we're leaving tomorrow you've still got   a lot of packing to do.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: How far outside?
Chandler: And you're thinking of taking it? (Pause) So before   you said being me with me was more important than any job, but I guess now   it's old job, (Raises his hand) me, (Raises his hand) new job. 
Chandler: What happened to 'you can't live without me four   days a week'?
Chandler: I think you should take the job.
Chandler: Yeah. I know it must be important to you when you   start chattering like a monkey.
Chandler: Diagnostician or boo-boo fixer?
Chandler: Does he say that before he sticks his thermometer   in your touchy?
Chandler: That was not a security blanket! That was a wall-hanging!
Chandler: Well, you got here just in time. I really have   to go buddy. (They hug)
Chandler: Of course I will call you. I love you.
Chandler: Awww. (They hug) Bye!
Chandler: (Tries to hug Joey but J. moves away) What's the   matter Joe?
Chandler: Any chance you are trying to pick a fight to make   all this easier?
Chandler: Well, bye Mon, bye Ross, Rachel, bye Emma!
Chandler: I know.
Chandler: I know that too. (They kiss)
Chandler: (On cell phone) Don't worry, I'll be back before   you know it. Yes it will be the same. Because I know, that's how. I promise.
Chandler: (enters singing) Oklahoma where the wind comes   sweeping down the plane, STOP IT! Why couldn't they have sent me to Texas?   7 o clock maybe I'll hit the gym (sits down) who am I kidding pay-per-view   porn.
Chandler: DO NOT DISTURB DO NOT DISTURB! Monica: (smiles)
Chandler: everything's great, just watching some regular   television there, what a pleasant surprise. (She hugs him, and she knows what   he was doing so she looks at the TV and sees sharks swimming around thinking   Chandler was giving himself a treat to sharks.)
Chandler: Ok honey. that was close.
Chandler: Hi honey I'm home!
Chandler: oh it was great.
Chandler: well, well, well it must be five in Tulsa because   it's six o clock IN NY.C!
Chandler: (Chandler looking confused) Honey why am I watching   a bunch of sharks swimming around.
Chandler: no I'm not quite sure you got the right movie   that's all.
Chandler: does what always have to be sharks.
Chandler: What's going on?
Chandler: let ME be a part of this!
Chandler: no they don't
Chandler: OH MY GOD! When you came in I switched the channel,   I was just watching regular porn
Chandler: yeah just some good old fashion girl on girl American   action.
Chandler: You are an amazing wife. (Monica shrugs) No really   you're amazing you were actually gonna do this for me, I mean where do you   find the strength and understanding over something like that.
Chandler: Good morning everyone, its nice to see our team together  for the first time. Now, before we get started, are there any questions?  (colleague raises hand) Yes, Ken is it?
Chandler: (laughs) Well, dont believe everything you hear, Ken. (both  turning away to files) But yeah, thats true. Alright, lets get started, by  take a look at last quarters figures. (The female next to Chandler starts  smoking, towards her:) Ah, Claudia, arent you supposed to blow smoke up the  bosses ass?
Chandler: No, no, no-no-no. I smoked for years, then I quit. Right  now, I cant remember why. (to everyone:) Youre not allowed to smoke in this  office. Not right?
Chandler: Alright, lolook. I dont smoke anymore. But if the rest of  you want to light up, go ahead, its fine. (everyone lights up) So you all smoke  then? Thats almost rude, that Im not.
Chandler: (loud) Ken, please! No, I cant, I cant smoke. If I smoke,  my wife would kill me.
Chandler: I always liked you, Ken. (takes a cigarette)
Chandler: Actually, in Oklahoma smoking is legal in all commune areas  and offices with fewer than fifteen people.
Chandler: No! I just happened tdo a lot trivias about smoking in  different states. For example, in Hawaii cigarettes are called  Leyhallalookoos.
Chandler: Uch, do you think, Monica is gonna be able smell it?
Chandler: Pheebs?
Chandler: (getting in) Okay, something to cover the smell  Oven  cleaner! (sprays himself, reads label) Unscented!
Chandler: No thanks, Im good.
Chandler: (shrinks back) Right. You know what? Actually I just get off  the plane, so Im feeling kinda gross. Maybe I should just take a shower.
Chandler: (still backs away) Alright, the truth is, I soiled myself  during some turbulences.
Chandler: Yes, but I just had one. Two. Two tiny cigarettes. Okay,  five. A pack. Two packaa carton. Three big fat cartons in two days. (How many  cigarettes are there in one pack and how many packs in one carton in the US?)  But its over, I made a decision, Im not gonna smoke anymore.
Chandler: But, those are for you.
Chandler: I messed up, it was a meeting, everybody was smoking.
Chandler: Will power? Ive watch home movies of you eating ding-dongs  (?) without taking the tin foil off.
Chandler: kay, look: Can we just drop this? Im not gonna smoke  again.
Chandler: You forbid me?
Chandler: You know, I flew a long way t see my loving wife? Is she  here by the way?
Chandler: Oh, would you say this was the most upset you could be?
Chandler: Then, I might as well  (grabs the cigarettes) do this  (lights one, exhales). Not really sure what to do now.
Chandler: Fine. What!?
Chandler: You serious? (follows)
Chandler: Right, fine, Ill do it, but no talking.
Chandler: And no kissing your neck.
Chandler: And lots of kissing your neck.
Chandler: Look, I cant do this. I cant make luv to you while were  fighting this way.
Chandler: That was a celebration of life. Alright, look, Im not gonna  do this. Alright, is this really the way you want a baby to be conceived?
Chandler: Mean it?
Chandler: You are incredible. Unless, IIm not gonna smoke again. And  if I do, I promise, I will hide it so much better from you. (they kiss)
Chandler: Yeah, lets celebrate life!
Chandler: Uhh. You are welcome.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: But you said you forgave me. It was just a couple of  cigarettesno big deal.
Chandler: Leave it.
Chandler: You tricked me to get me into bed?
Chandler: I feel so used.
Chandler: I would never lie to get someone into bed.
Chandler: I suppose that Monica will have the  manipulative  shrew.
Chandler: You mean the lully story?
Chandler: Oh yeah, thats what she says. But maybe youre not  ovulating at all, maybe its just a clever ruse to get me into bed.
Chandler: (to Joey) You not gonna believe this: She lied! She tricked  me into having sex with her.
Chandler: Whats the matter with me? Why Im such a girl?
Monica &amp; Chandler: Mhum.
Chandler: So you never had sex with a Kennedy, have you?
Chandler: Yeah. Hey, here's an idea, why don't we use our   wedding china today?
Chandler: Honey, she keeps canceling on us, take the hint. 
Chandler: What is the point of having them if we never use   them?
Chandler: I will explain it to her.
Chandler: Muskogee! That's like four hours from Tulsa. Woo   hoo!   TV announcer: And heres the float with the stars of the popular daytime soap   Days of Our Lives .
Chandler: Aren't you one of the stars of the popular daytime   soap Days of Our Lives? 
Chandler: What are you going to do?
Chandler: Well you proved them wrong.
Chandler: I'll tell you what, for the rest of our lives,   I'll be careful until told otherwise. &lt;looks at china&gt; hey wait a minute   this isn't the china we picked out.. 
Chandler: Why?
Chandler: Oh suddenly, flowers are feminine? &lt; Phoebe comes in&gt;
Chandler: I can't believe you'd want us to raise Emma. 
Chandler: You know, guys I got to say. This means so much   to me. That you would trust me with your child. I mean, we all know that Monica   and I have been trying to have a baby of our own. You know I've had my doubts   about my skills as a father, but that you two.. that you two.... &lt;starts   to cry&gt;
Chandler: No, if crazy plate lad.. &lt;sees Monica frustrated   at this comment&gt; If Monica dies then I would get Emma, Right?
Chandler: Actually what? 
Chandler: What?
Chandler: So if Monica's not around, then I'm not good enough   to raise Emma? 
Chandler: Well what is wrong with me? Am I .. am I incomptent?   Because I managed to survive whatever it is that killed the three of you! 
Chandler: Look, I may not know a lot about babies, but do   you really think I'm not capable? 
Chandler: Ok. So if we both had Emma and I die &lt;knocks   on table&gt;  she'd have to give her up. 
Chandler: So.. let me get this straight. So my two friends   die, I get Emma. Then my wife dies, then Emma the one tiny ray of hope left   in my life gets taken away from me?
Chandler: Oh? Did somebody miss me? Is there a child to raise   poorly? 
Chandler: Yeah but they're right. I mean, I'm not a strong   father figure and I never will be. 
Chandler: Yeah, but its not who I am. Everything they said   was exaclty why I was worried about having a kid. And its true. And look everybody   knows it. 
Chandler: Oh yeah, well can you picture me saying "Go   to your room! You're grounded"? 
Chandler: You said that to me last week. 
Chandler: Oh no thats okay, you're totally right. I don't   know anything about disciplining a child. But it did hurt my feelings and I   want you to know that when I die, you don't get Joey. 
Chandler: Alright! That is it. This is our apartment and   you can not behave this way. Now if you can't act your age then you shouldn't   be here at all. Now those plates may not be as nice as the pretty pink ones   I picked out, but they're very important to Monica. I want you to apologize   to her right now. 
Chandler: Okay. Thats better. Now I want you to both apologize   to each other and mean it. 
Chandler: By the way, that fight was totally arousing. 
Chandler: Oh yeah? Well thanks. 
Chandler: Okay, but you should know he eats five times a   day and shoves pennies up his nose. 
Chandler: Oh no no no.. I'll get her. I'm super-compentent   and totally responsibile and fourth in line to raise Emma. I'll be right there   Emma. Just let me get my trusty diaper bag here. &lt;knocks over the box of   china&gt; Well.. what do you know? I guess, I'll be the one who dies first.
Chandler: Nope...
Chandler: Yep...
Chandler: Nope... (Monica walks in) Hey... so I'm gonna...   put the plates back. You know, I think you were right, I don't think we should   use these plates again for a looong time.
Chandler: Maybe not even then. (Joey walks in)
Chandler: (coming from the bedroom) Say goodbye elves, I'm off to Tulsa.
Chandler: Yeah, we have all this paperwork that needs to be filed by the end of the year. If I don't get it done, I'll be fired.
Chandler: So, who does?
Chandler: I'm sorry, I won't be here.
Chandler: Thanks. (they kiss) I'll see you New Year's Day.
Chandler: Did I not mention that?
Chandler: (thinks for a second, then waves his arms, exclaiming:) AND TO ALL A GOOD NIGHT! (and runs out of the apartment)
Chandler: All right everybody, I know that it's Christmas Eve and you'd rather be with your families, but there's *no* call (he takes it off) for writing "Screw you, Mr. Bing!" on the back of my chair! (he looks at it) -- By the way, you can all call me Chandler.
Chandler: Hey. Where've you been?
Chandler: (to the others) You hear that? You may not be with your families, but at least it's gonna smell like ham in here.
Chandler: Y'know what, I know what will cheer you guys up! (he starts spreading envelopes among them) I had a little talk with the boys in New York, told 'em about all the hard work you've been doing and that a little Christmas bonus may be in order.
Chandler: Well, that's like money in your pocket! - Alright look, you want me to say it? This sucks. Being here sucks! This work sucks!
Chandler: I'm sorry. Hey, at least you guys get to go home and be with your families tonight. I have to go back to an empty hotel room and lay down on a very questionable bedspread. And then tomorrow morning, you get to have Christmas morning in your own houses, wich, by the way, none of you have invited me to.
Chandler: Haha, no thanks!
Chandler: Oh, thanks! I'm... actually thinking about becoming a motivational speaker.
Chandler: Typical Christmas-y stuff, you know? Our holidays are pretty traditional...
Chandler: I can save you time ladies, I'm right here.
Chandler: What? That's terrible!
Chandler: Oh well, that, that makes it not terrible.
Chandler: No not okay, you can't look for Monica's presents!
Chandler: No, you don't have to, and you can't because I, I live here too.
Chandler: Why?
Chandler: No, I have a great idea for a present for her.
Chandler: If I help, we can find 'em faster!
Chandler: OK, Pheebs, your turn.
Chandler: And, a lemon lime.
Chandler: And last but not least.
Chandler: (entering in a Santa costume) Ho, ho, ho! Merry Christmas!
Chandler: Hey! (Grunts as Ben hits him at full speed.)
Chandler: Well, I'm here to see my old buddy Ben. What are you doing here, weird...turtle-man?
Chandler: What?
Chandler: You called everyone and said you were having trouble finding a Santa costume, so I borrowed one from a guy at work!
Chandler: Why?
Chandler: But I didn't get to shake my belly like a bowl full of jelly.
Chandler: Fine, I'll give the suit back.
Chandler: Santa? Really?
Chandler: Did your Dad ever dress up like Santa?
Chandler: Then it's okaaay! (They kiss.)
Chandler: You know what, everybody? Go home. You should be with your families. It's bad enough that we're working New Year's Eve.
Chandler: Did I not tell *anyone* about New Year's Eve? -- Alright, look, go! Go home, okay? Merry Christmas! Go.
Chandler: Good, God's speed, good people! (he starts to close the door, turns around and sees Wendy) You're not gonna go?
Chandler: Ah. Thanks.
Chandler: Ah. (The phone rings; he answers it) Chandler Bing.
Chandler: Ahh, Merry Christmas; I miss you guys!
Chandler: Ah, well no, it's just uh, me and Wendy.
Chandler: It is. Did I... not tell you about her?
Chandler: I sent them home.
Chandler: Uhh, uh...
Chandler: I don't know!
Chandler: I don't think of her that way, you know, she's a, she's a colleague.
Chandler: Oh, she's regional Vice President; She's... just below me.
Chandler: BE-LOW me!
Chandler: Well, she... she didn't win...
Chandler: Well, second prettiest that year; I mean, of *all* the girls in Oklahoma, she's probably...
Chandler: Honey, there's really nothing to worry about.
Chandler: I'm serious!
Chandler: Merry Christmas.
Chandler: Merry Christmas, you guys!
Chandler: (hanging up the phone) The wife says "Hi!".
Chandler: Ah well, she's got this weird idea, that, uh, y'know, just because you and I are alone, that something is gonna happen.
Chandler: This is probably the wrong thing to be worrying about, but... you're getting ham on my only tie.
Chandler: Whoa-ho, back off, Missy! (He takes a step back, but she still keeps her grip on his tie.)
Chandler: I don't know; I'm not used to girls making passes at me! ... (She lets go of his tie) Wait a minute... am I sexy in Oklahoma?
Chandler: (flattered) No,... no... (realizing) NO! (He quickly gets several steps away from her.) Look, I'm, I'm married!
Chandler: I'm *happily* married.
Chandler: Right. So, I'm sorry...
Chandler: Well look, it's not easy to spend this much time apart, you know. She's entitled to be a little paranoid... or, in this case: right on money! ... You know, she's amazing, and beautiful, and smart, and if she were here right now, ...she'd kick your ass. Look, you're a really nice person... ham stealing and adultery aside. But, what I have with my wife is pretty great, so nothing is ever gonna happen between us.
Chandler: I mean, you were the most beautiful woman in the room tonight!
Chandler: You kidding? You're the most beautiful woman in most rooms... (She jumps up and kisses him.) (Breaking the kiss.) Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What's going on? You and I just made out! You and I are making out?
Chandler: But we don't do that.
Chandler: How drunk are you?
Chandler: (thinks) That's the perfect amount!
Chandler: What?
Chandler: I know.
Chandler: Well, I have kissed over four women. (They kiss again.) Do you wanna get under the covers?
Chandler: Okay!
Chandler: It bodes well for me that speed impresses you.
Chandler: Yep!
Chandler: Count of three?
Chandler: Two!
Chandler: Well I think it's safe to say that our friendship is effectively ruined.
Chandler: Eh! (They start making out again)
Chandler: So, are you really gonna go out with that nurse man?
Chandler: Y'know, I don't know if you've ever looked up the term goofing around in the dictionary... Well, I have, and the technical definition is, two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just wanna spend more time together. But if you have this new fangled dictionary that gets you made at me, then we have to, y'know, get you my original dictionary. I am *so* bad at this.
Chandler: Really? Okay, so...
Chandler: Y'know, I sensed that I should stop. So we're okay?
Chandler: Right!
Chandler: Okay, all right, all right, all right! Okay! (Picks up a blue sweater.) Okay, here's something, here's something blue and new.
Chandler: Let's go! (Starts to leave.)
Chandler: Oh, okay, I have condom in my wallet that I've had since I was twelve.
Chandler: I don't think so.
Chandler: (looks around) Here just...take this. (Hands her the sweater.)
Chandler: No, we'll-we'll bring it back! Just put it under your dress.
Chandler: Okay, one thing at a time. (They run out to get married.)
Chandler: Ehh.
Chandler: Look, I thought about it too, and I'm sorry. I think we should spend all of the money on the wedding.
Chandler: Yeah, I'm putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I proposed I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy, then, then that's what we're gonna do.
Chandler: Eh, forget about the future and stuff! So we only have two kids, y'know? We'll pick our favorite and that one will get to go to college.
Chandler: Yeah.
Chandler: Uh, four, a boy, twin girls and another boy.
Chandler: Well, stuff like where we'd live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could learn to ride their bikes and stuff. Y'know, we could have a cat that had a bell on its collar and we could hear it every time it ran through the little kitty door. Of course, we'd have an apartment over the garage where Joey could grow old.
Chandler: Sure you do.
Chandler: You sure?
Chandler: I love you so much.
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: I wanted to be with you. I missed you so much.
Chandler: Monica.
Chandler: I never want to leave you again!
Chandler: Turns out they can't fire me. Because I quit.
Chandler: Yeah! It's a stupid job, and I could not stand leaving you. And why should I be the only one who doesn't get to do what he *really* wants to do?
Chandler: (realizing) I have *not* thought this through!
Chandler: I know, I, I should have talked to you first about it.
Chandler: Thanks!
Chandler: (flattered) Ahh...
Chandler: (to Monica) Here, pass these, will ya.. (points to the others)
Chandler: I... thought it was a timely start to thinking about other people. Besides, this gift still says I love you guys.
Chandler: I don't have a *job*!
Chandler: Actuary... no. Book-keeper... no. Topless dancer... (he looks down on himself, checking, then nods satisfied and marks the offer with a pen) (to Monica:) Hey, d'you know what I just realized? You are the sole wage earner. *You* are the head of the household. I don't do anything - I'm a kept man!
Chandler: Hey
Chandler: Oh, she's at home, putting up decorations for Rachel's birthday party tonight.
Chandler: I tried, but apparantly singing "I will survive" in a helium voice    - not helping.
Joey and Chandler: (start to sing) Hey! Happy birthday ...
Joey and Chandler: Hi.
Chandler: Yes, Bravo on the hot nanny.
Chandler: Are you kidding? If I wasn't married she'd be rejecting me right now.
Chandler: Now that Rachel's gone?
Chandler: I wasn't staring. I was leering.
Chandler: Looks like Joey is doing allright with her.
Ross, Joey and Chandler: Bye, Emma-Wemma-Demma.
Chandler: Seriously dude, 3 years ago.
Chandler: You don't trust him?
Chandler: Is this really your long term plan, for me to run interference?    Because I could get a job any day now.
Chandler: Allright, fine, but don't blame me if it doesn't work. Because you know    as well as I do that once Joey sets his mind on something, more often than not,    he's going to have sex with it.
Chandler: Picturing that tree?
Chandler: Where you going, Joe?
Chandler: Oh. You mind if I join you?
Chandler: Your thoughts? Plural?
Chandler: I'm afraid I can't let you do that, Joe.
Chandler: Yes, as a matter of fact he did, so I can't let you go.
Chandler: Great novels? 
Chandler: (In a helium voice, holding a balloon) I'm sorry, I got a little occupied.
Chandler: (still helium voice) Right behind you, big guy! (they both head for the    door) 
Ross and Chandler: Come on! Joe!
Chandler: (sings in a helium voice) First I was afraid, I was petrified (very happy)
Chandler: (normal voice) Hi
Chandler: Oh, well someone left this (shows a green jacket). This is yours?
Chandler: Oh, uh, well, I haven't seem it but if I do I'll let you know.
Chandler: See, now, why would you assume that? Just because we're married?       I will have you know that we are very hip, happening people. Now, if you'll       excuse me, I have to get back to reading the obituaries.
Chandler: Wow.
Chandler: Well, I think it's great that you're going on a date, you know? I       mean, it sounds healthy. I mean, you have needs. Embrace your womanhood!
Chandler: Emma? Emma? Look at me! Well, I think I'll go downstairs for a while.
Chandler: No, no, no, no! No, no, no, no! It's okay, it's okay. I didn't go.       Don't cry, it's just a bit! I'm your uncle Chandler; funny is all I have!
Chandler: I don't do that.
Chandler: I'll try to stop. Wait, did you say until the sixth?
Chandler: Today is the sixth.
Chandler: Yes, it's also 2003.
Chandler: It's okay. Go take the test and see if we're okay.
Chandler: Tough crib.
Chandler: I might have checked to see if I was ovulating a couple times.
Chandler: I am not working. There's not much to do around here!
Chandler: Oh, good, because as of four o'clock this afternoon, I am not. 
Chandler: I - I don't think I can.
Chandler: Because of Emma.
Chandler: Sorry.
Chandler: Well, she's aware when we leave the room. She may notice if we start...       canoodling in it.
Chandler: Well, I can't say "hump" or "screw" in front       of the B-A-B-Y.
Chandler: Horrifying? Scarring? Something people go to jail for?
Chandler: You guess I'm right? When we stayed at that bed and breakfast, you       wouldn't have sex with me because you thought a deer was staring through       the window.
Chandler: Emma was doing it!
Chandler: Ooh, she's asleep, that means we can...
Chandler: I think we may have really done it this time.
Chandler: You may wanna get some more of those too.
Chandler: Where's Emma?
Chandler: Don't ask me, I was in there canoodling you!
Chandler: Okay. (Runs out.)
Chandler: All right, all right, we were. We were trying to make a baby. Monica's       ovulating.
Chandler: No, no, no.
Chandler: What? Why?
Chandler: Your family name is Tribbiani.
Chandler: Did you see our bank statement? Can this be right?
Chandler: I'm not sure what they did, but I'm inclined to blame Enron.
Chandler: Maybe I should quit and get a job that pays.
Chandler: You know what? You know what? I think we're making too big a deal   out of this. ok? So we pay our bills a little late this month and maybe next   month we cut back on a few things. And maybe we start eating out of Joey's   refrigerator for a change. You're chef... what can you make out of backing   soda and beer?
Chandler: No! We're not borrowing money.
Chandler: Because we don't do that. We are Bings! And if there's one thing   my father taught me was... well to always knock before going into the pool   house... but the other thing was never borrow money.
Chandler: That's right! I do! And I'm your man. And I'm going to get us through   this situation even if it means you working twice as hard.
Chandler: Yeah.... she's not so cute.
Chandler: Yes dear.
Chandler: Hey Joe!
Chandler: Listen er..I need to ask you a favor but you can't tell Monica anything   about it.
Chandler: And that would have made the official party line. (Joey nods) Monica   and I are having a little financial trouble.
Chandler: What? What do you mean you know?
Chandler: Oh! Right.
Chandler: Anyway, err... I need to borrow some money.
Chandler: Yes! Two thousand dollars exactly! How do you know that! (Joey begins   writing a cheque)
Chandler: Oh ok.
Chandler: I can't believe her! Did she tell you we were having money problems?
Chandler: What?
Chandler: What would she get for herself for two thousand dollars that she   wouldn't tell me about?
Chandler: Hey Rach! There she is...My perfectly proportioned wife.
Chandler: Oh no..don't thank me. Thank you. You know there's not one thing   I would change about you? Not one single thing! And definitely not... two...   single things.
Chandler: No no! I just love the way you look, I am warm, for your form.
Chandler: Well yes yes... You look nice can mean that your face looks nice.   I want to compliment your body. I mean..I wouldn't change it. At all. And more   specifically, I wouldn't want anything to get any bigger.
Chandler: I mean, You wouldn't want any part of me to get any bigger would   you? Don't answer that.
Chandler: Hey Rach! Ah........ Perfection. (kisses monica) Wouldn't change   a thing. Not a thing.
Chandler: Yeah?
Chandler: But honey you don't have to.
Chandler: Honey I... I love your breasts the way they are!
Chandler: your ass?!?!?
Chandler: They...do that?
Chandler: God why why would you want to do that to yourself!?
Chandler: Alright look, if it means that much to you, a may be able to get   on more with the big boobs. But the giant ass and the big clown feet?
Chandler: (sedated) What?
Monica, Rachel, Chandler: It's over/Joe!
Chandler: Well! We er..climbed up four flights of stairs, manueveored a narrow   hallway, dodged a rabid pitbul... but these last three feet are where it gets   really tricky.
Chandler: Aaaaand....... hernia.
Chandler: Ah, look on the bright side, I mean you won't have to live with   this ugly chair! That was here already huh? I love you. (they hug again)
Chandler: Hey! Ready to go?
Chandler: What are you doin'?
Chandler: Great, a faster way to tell people that I'm unemployed and childless .
Chandler: The tall girl who wouldn't sleep with you?
Chandler: Bet she'd sleep with you now... 
Chandler: Let me see what you wrote about yourself: "Doctor Paleontology, two kids... " (pause) You split with Carol because you have different interests?... I think you split with Carol because you've one very similar interest!
Chandler: Maybe we finish this for him! (he sits down on the sofa and he start typing on Ross' computer) "Also I cloned a dinosaur in my lab. She's now my girlfriend. I don't care what society says. It's the best sex I've ever had"... aaand SEND!
Chandler: Oh, I'm so sorry!
Chandler: You're not gonna need my help?
Chandler: Oh good, 'cause I've already thought of 3... 4! I've just thought of a fourth (he goes towards the counter)
Chandler: I believe I read that somewhere!
Chandler: I respectfully disagree.
Chandler: Who cares? Nobody reads those things
Chandler: I don't have a page.
Chandler: Because I told everyone he slept with dinosaurs.
Chandler: Would you get that please? People have been calling to congratulate me all day.
Chandler: Hang up, hang up. And that was a great movie! (Monica hangs up) I'm so gonna get back at Ross... oh yeah, this will show him, here we go (starts typing something).
Chandler: Oh, you'll see my friend.
Chandler: (faking sympathy) And so young.
Chandler: Well, how you died was funny.
Chandler: It kills over one americans every year.
Chandler: You wanna talk about people's feelings? You should have heard how hurt professor Stern was yesterday when I told him I wouldn't be able to go with him to Key West!
Chandler: Hey, Ross, I just wanted to apologize... (­looks at laptop screen)..don't tell me you actually made those gay pictures of me?
Chandler: Huh! So that's what I would look like if I worked out... and was being serviced by a policeman. You're not actually going to send these out are ya?
Chandler: No, come on, you know that's not true.
Chandler: Well, the gay community is a lot more vocal than the dead community.
Chandler: Alright look, let's think about this, ok, do you really think that people are gonna stir up your family at this tragic time? That people are gonna post condolences on a website? This is not about people not caring that you're dead .This is about people not having a decent outlet for their grief.
Chandler: Right, I mean, come on, I'm sure that if you had a funeral or a memorial service, tons of people would come.
Chandler: Ross, what're you... what're you... what are you doing? (looks at laptop screen)You're having a memorial service for yourself!?
Chandler: Ross, don't press send, don't press se... !
Chandler: There you go! Someone came!
Chandler: (in a mournful voice) Please, come in.
Chandler: Oh yes, yes... let me... take your coat.
Chandler: At least he died doing what he loved... watching blimps (he goes in the bedroom)
Chandler: Some guy, Tom Gordon.
Chandler: (entering, very upset) Ok Tommy, that's enough mourning for you! Here we go, bye bye!! (he shoves him out the door)
Chandler: Ok! (shuts the door behind Tom)
Chandler: Please, one ridiculous problem at a time!
Chandler: You gave them one day's notice, not everyone in our class checks the web site everyday and Monica... it's probably the way you stand!
Chandler: Oh, that's not true. You had an impact on me, I mean, it's 15 years later and we're still best friends. Doesn't that count for something?
Chandler: I'm sure it's somebody for you. Now, go hide. (Ross hides in the bedroom again)
Chandler: Kori? Kori Weston?
Chandler: Wow! You look amazing!
Chandler: Chandler, Chandler Bing. I'm not gay, I'm not gay at all.
Chandler: Don't listen to him, he's in a really bad mood! (lets her in)
Chandler: I didn't know Ross and you were so close.
Chandler: I'm sure that would mean a lot to him. And if heaven has a door, I'm sure he's pressing his ear up against it and listening intently.
Chandler: Yeah, because if I was at my old job we'd say 300 million? No thank you!
Chandler: Still on Amelia Earhart?
Chandler: Yes but there's six of us so we'd only have to get struck by lightning 7 times.
Chandler: (looking around at the others)I'll ask. (To Ross) Boohaki?
Chandler: Kinda like Joey.
Chandler: Pie eating contest?
Chandler: No, I saw a picture of you covered in blueberries.
Chandler: (hysterical)Don't touch the phone! I'll get it, I'll get it, I'll get it!! (picks up the phone)
Chandler: (into receiver)Hello? Hey Charlie, what do you know?
Chandler: (still on the phone)Damnit. Alright call me when you know more.
Chandler: One of the slots got filled.
Chandler: Sense the tone! No that kid Nate got it.
Chandler: Yeah I know.
Chandler: Yeah...I mean I want this so much! I mean, I wanna get one, I want my friend Charlie to get one...Except I don't care about Charlie.
Chandler: I can see the headline now: "Lottery winners' friend filled with regret eats own arm".
Chandler: Well you wouldn't, but we own the paper, we can print whatever we want.
Chandler: Ok, so now that you're in, what are you gonna do if we win?
Chandler: Ooh! Calm down ...
Chandler: You know, I'm not sure a sports team is the way to go.
Chandler: You're right, it has been you dream for over 15 seconds.
Chandler: (looks around) I'll take this one too (to Ross) Uh ... Mommy?
Chandler: Hello? Hello? Oh, hey Charlie. Did anybody else hear? ... What? Susan got it?? How? Oh man, I would have slept with him!! .. Alright, bye. (hangs up)
Chandler: Well no, Charlie's gonna get that.
Chandler: He's the boss's son.
Chandler: What about the ones you have on the nightstand?
Chandler: Yes there are, I just saw them a few minutes ago.
Chandler: Honey, there are like 20 tickets on the nightstand!
Chandler: (to Mon) She's right, you shouldn't have bought tickets just for us ...
Chandler: Let me finish ... (to everyone else) however, it doesn't look like I'm gonna get this job so I can't afford to have principles, so screw you, the tickets are ours!! (takes tickets from Rachel)
Chandler: Oh, yeah! Thanks for inventing the lottery!
Chandler: Can I come a little bit closer, valuable things are getting squished...
Chandler: (looking at the answering machine) Hey, there's two messages. These could be from work!
Chandler: Ok, here we go! (he pushes the play button)
Chandler: This is..shhh!
Chandler: Oh, is she related to Ralph Lauren?
Chandler: Yeah, you know, I really thought I deserved it. (pause) But... let's go win the lottery... I mean, we still have 130 chances to win, right?
Chandler: I got that!
Chandler: No.
Chandler: Ah, the "I'm sorry I rejected you" phone call. I'm not used to getting it from guys. (on the phone, getting up from the sofa) Hey, Steve.
Chandler: Oh no no no no, I'd love to be somebody's assistant! Answering phones, getting coffee, I live for that stuff! And I'm not too mature... farts, boobies, butt cracks!
Chandler: Me, that guy who just said butt cracks?
Chandler: Ok well, thanks, you won't regret it. I'll see you tomorrow (hangs up).
Chandler: What? (pause) Oh, yeah, I'm gonna be a junior copywriter.
Chandler: Does that mean I get the good loving tonight?
Chandler: Thanks, man.
Chandler: Really? What?
Chandler: (smiling, surprised) Oh yeah? (looks towards the kitchen, worried) Listen, don't tell Monica, she'll rip your heart right out.
Chandler: Wow, you'd think we should get that over 20 years or go for the big payout.
Chandler: Me too.
(Rachel comes out of her room and starts staring at him unseen)Joey: I want you.I need you.Let me make love to you. Rachel: I don't wanna stand in the way of true love or anything, but I think a  cantaloupe might hurt less. Joey: Oh, ehm...I'm...I'm rehearsing my lines.They gave me a big romantic story on Days Of Our Lives. It's the first time my character's got one. I'm so nervous, you know, I really want it to be good! Rachel: Woow!I haven't seen you this worked up since you did that dog food commercial and you thought you were gonna be with a real talking dog! Joey: Yeah, that was a disappointment...(pause) Oh, hey!D'you want to come down to the set and tell me if I'm doing ok? Rachel: (excited) Are you serious? Joey: Yeah!Hey, you just have to promise not to get yourself thrown out again. Rachel: Hey, that was an honest mistake! Joey: Right!(he starts to ape her)"Oh my God, is this the men's room? Oh, I feel so foolish, have you always known you wanted to be an actor?" (he inclines his head as if to look at a man's private parts) Rachel: Yeah, that was an awesome day! Opening credits [Scene: Central Perk] Monica: Hey! Phoebe: Hey! Ross: Hi! Monica: So, do you guys wanna come and eat dinner at the restaurant sometime in the next few weeks? Phoebe: Sure! Ross: I'd love to! Monica: Well you can't! We're booked solid for the next month! Phoebe: Well, I can't give you a massage, because my licence has been revoked again! Ross: Phoebe, what happened? Phoebe: Well, it was an accident...You know, it's a lot of oil and sometimes the hand just slips! (Chandler enters)Chandler: (To Monica) Have I got a surprise for you? Pack your bags! Phoebe: Oh no!You guys aren't supposed to get divorced for 7 years! Chandler: What? No, I'm taking Monica to a romantic inn in Vermont (shows them a brochure)! Phoebe: Oh, good!Ok, good for you!Try to recapture the magic! Chandler: So, what do you say? Can you get out of work? Monica: Oh, honey!I can't. I was just telling these guys that things are crazy at the restaurant! Chandler: Are you really that busy? Monica: Yeah, I'm sorry. I really am. Chandler: Oh, that's ok.I'll just try and reschedule. (on the phone) "Hi, this is Chandler Bing. I made a reservation there and I need to change it (pause) Oh, what do you mean it's not refundable? Can I just come some other time? (pause) Oh, can't you make an exception?" Monica: Tell them I'm a chef in a big New York restaurant! Phoebe: And tell them that in 2 weeks I will once again be a masseuse in good standing! Chandler: (on the phone) "Look, this is ridiculous! I'm not paying for that room! Ok?" (pause) "Oh, thank you very much!" (hangs up) Yeah, I'm going to Vermont... Ross: Oh, don't worry about it! Just use your travel insurance. Chandler: I don't have travel insurance. Ross: Well, this is what happens when people live on the edge! Monica: Why don't you take Ross? Ross: Uh, don't you think that would be a little weird? I mean, two guys in a romantic inn... Monica: No, not if their room has two beds! Ross: (browsing the brochure) I guess...It still seems a little...(enthusiastically) moonlight boat ride!! [Scene: Days of Our Lives' Studios] Rachel: Hey Joey, is this the bed where Olivia lost her virginity? Joey: I don't know, but one of the extras sure did! (pause) Hey, listen Rach. Thanks again for coming down to watch my scenes! Rachel: Oh, please!Honey, just the fact that you want me here to support you, I'm...OH MY GOD!Is that Christian Sanders?He's so gorgeous! Joey: Also so gay! Rachel: Oh, in my head he's done some pretty "not-gay-stuff"! Joey: Well, at the Christmas party him and Santa did some definitely gay stuff! Director: Joey, Joey! We're ready for you! Joey: Oh, wish me luck! Rachel: Ok, not that you need it but good...GOD!Is that Chase Lassiter?He's straight, right? Joey: Rach, I gotta say...if you weren't here wondering if these guys were gay I don't know if I could do this! Rachel: Oh, I'm sorry, you're right.I'm sorry, good luck! (they hug) Director: On a bell please! Quietly.. and ACTION! (the scene starts.Joey enters and there's a girl wearing a wedding dress near a bed)Actress/Olivia: Drake! What are you doing in here? Joey/Drake: Stopping you from marrying the wrong man and making the biggest mistake of your life. Actress/Olivia: Get out! Joey/Drake: You don't love him! Actress/Olivia: What do you know about love? Joey/Drake: I know what I felt that night when we kissed under the bridge. Actress/Olivia: That kiss never happened. Joey/Drake: Oh, what about this one. (the actress slaps him)Rachel: (watching a television where the scene is shown, startled) OH! Actress/Olivia: No, I told you...get out! Joey/Drake: Fine. I'll go. But let me ask you one question... Chase Lassiter: (talking to Rachel) You look familiar, have we... Rachel: SSSHHHHTTT!!He's asking her a question!! Joey/Drake: Can you really live the rest of your life never knowing what we could have been? Actress/Olivia: I don't have a choice... Joey/Drake: Yes, you do.Yes...you do. I'm the one who doesn't have a choice because I...because I can't stop loving you. Actress/Olivia: Don't say that... Joey/Drake: Tell me to stop, just...tell me to stop. (he's about to kiss her) Director: CUT! Rachel: NO! (pause) Or, cut!You know, that's your call! [Scene: Monica's restaurant] 1st Customer: Everything was delicious! Monica: Thank you! 2nd Customer: It was. The duck in particular was superb. Monica: Thank you!(she looks at the 3rd customer waiting for a compliment) You haven't said anything... 3rd Customer: Actually I do have one small complaint. Monica: Oh..please!I-I welcome criticism. 3rd Customer: The musician right outside the restaurant...it's kind of a mood-killer! Monica: What musician? [Scene: Outside the restaurant] Phoebe: (playing guitar and singing) And there's a country called Argentinaaaa, it's a place I've never seeeeen. But I'm told for fifty pesos you can buy a human spleen. Humaaan spleeeeen. Olè! Monica: What are you doing here! Phoebe: Well, you said that you had customers lined up in the street, so I am here to entertain! Monica: Great! Phoebe: Yeah! It really has been great too, you know, some of this people must have seen me play before because they were requesting a bunch of my songs! Yeah, "You suck" and "shut up and go home". Monica: Listen Phoebe... Phoebe: Yeah. Monica: You know how much I love listening to your music, you know, but... Phoebe: But what? Monica: This is kind of a classy place. Phoebe: (pause) Ok, say no more. [Time lapse: Phoebe in front of restaurant again] Phoebe: (with a fancy dress, still playing and singing): It wasn't just that she was fat, the woman smelled like garbage! Everyone! It wasn't just that she was fat the woman smelled like garbaaaaaage! (to Monica, showing her dress) Classy, uh? (Monica covers her face with her hands)[Scene: hall of the romantic inn in Vermont] Chandler: Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation. Receptionist: Welcome to the Chestnut Inn Mr. Bing, so where are you joining from? Chandler: New York. Ross: (in a strange voice and eating candies) The big apple! Chandler: I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here. Ross: Yeah, I ate all my gifts for everybody. Receptionist: I am sorry Mr. Bing, there's no record of your reservation in the computer. Chandler: Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please? Ross: (high pitched voice) Check again please! Receptionist: I'm sorry, it's not here. Ross: Not there. Chandler: Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation? Receptionist: I don't know what to say. Ross: (mumbling) She doesn't know what to say! Chandler: Just give us the cheapest room you have. Receptionist: Unfortunatly the only thing we have available is our deluxe suite, the rate is six hundred dollars. Chandler: That's insane! Ross: Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves. Chandler: Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? (pause) We'll take it. Receptionist: Great. Chandler: (aside, to Ross) What!? They are totally ripping us off! Ross: Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six! Chandler: Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there! Ross: C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time! Chandler: Dude, you're shaking! Ross: I think it's the sugar, could you hold the apple? [Scene: Joey's apartment] Rachel: Hi! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking all day about that scene you did, I mean, you were amazing! Joey: Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me! Rachel: God, you have to tell me what happens tomorrow! Joey: Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me? Rachel: Me? Oh, no, I am not an actress. Joey: Oh, all right, I can ask Monica. Rachel: Oh screw her, that part is mine! Joey: Right... (pause) ok, so just from the top of the page, right here. Rachel: Okay. (pause).(acting) Hello Drake, I'm surprised to see you here. Joey/Drake: I can't believe you married him. Rachel/actress: But what choice did I have. He was keeping my sister in a dungeon! Joey/Drake: So what about us? Everything we feel for each other. Rachel/actress: It's over! You have to accept that. Joey/Drake: How can I? Knowing I'll never hold you in my arms again, or touch your skin, or feel your lips, knowing I'll never make love to you? How can I accept that... I can never kiss you again when it's all I can do not to kiss you right now. Rachel: (pause) Kiss me. Joey: What? Rachel: Kiss me. Joey: Ah, Rach, it doesn't say that! Rachel: No, I'm saying... Joey: but, but.. Rachel: just... don't talk... (she kisses him) [Scene: Rachel's bedroom] Rachel: (waking up) Ehhh, aw! (pause). Well, that's new! [Scene: Hotel's room] Ross: (on the phone) Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? (pause) Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? (pause) Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons.  (Chandler enters the room)Ross: What did you get? Chandler: USA Today Ross: Nice, put it with the others. Chandler: And I also got... two more apples. Ross: We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!   Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. Ross: Oh, that's not cool. Chandlers: Dude, none of this is cool. Ross: No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. (pause) Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt (he opens the salt shaker and pours the salt into his hand) I wish I'd thought this through. Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that. Ross: Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)? Ross: No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Chandler: Yes, but the batteries... (Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(Chandler enters)Chandler: (To Monica) Have I got a surprise for you? Pack your bags! Phoebe: Oh no!You guys aren't supposed to get divorced for 7 years! Chandler: What? No, I'm taking Monica to a romantic inn in Vermont (shows them a brochure)! Phoebe: Oh, good!Ok, good for you!Try to recapture the magic! Chandler: So, what do you say? Can you get out of work? Monica: Oh, honey!I can't. I was just telling these guys that things are crazy at the restaurant! Chandler: Are you really that busy? Monica: Yeah, I'm sorry. I really am. Chandler: Oh, that's ok.I'll just try and reschedule. (on the phone) "Hi, this is Chandler Bing. I made a reservation there and I need to change it (pause) Oh, what do you mean it's not refundable? Can I just come some other time? (pause) Oh, can't you make an exception?" Monica: Tell them I'm a chef in a big New York restaurant! Phoebe: And tell them that in 2 weeks I will once again be a masseuse in good standing! Chandler: (on the phone) "Look, this is ridiculous! I'm not paying for that room! Ok?" (pause) "Oh, thank you very much!" (hangs up) Yeah, I'm going to Vermont... Ross: Oh, don't worry about it! Just use your travel insurance. Chandler: I don't have travel insurance. Ross: Well, this is what happens when people live on the edge! Monica: Why don't you take Ross? Ross: Uh, don't you think that would be a little weird? I mean, two guys in a romantic inn... Monica: No, not if their room has two beds! Ross: (browsing the brochure) I guess...It still seems a little...(enthusiastically) moonlight boat ride!! [Scene: Days of Our Lives' Studios] Rachel: Hey Joey, is this the bed where Olivia lost her virginity? Joey: I don't know, but one of the extras sure did! (pause) Hey, listen Rach. Thanks again for coming down to watch my scenes! Rachel: Oh, please!Honey, just the fact that you want me here to support you, I'm...OH MY GOD!Is that Christian Sanders?He's so gorgeous! Joey: Also so gay! Rachel: Oh, in my head he's done some pretty "not-gay-stuff"! Joey: Well, at the Christmas party him and Santa did some definitely gay stuff! Director: Joey, Joey! We're ready for you! Joey: Oh, wish me luck! Rachel: Ok, not that you need it but good...GOD!Is that Chase Lassiter?He's straight, right? Joey: Rach, I gotta say...if you weren't here wondering if these guys were gay I don't know if I could do this! Rachel: Oh, I'm sorry, you're right.I'm sorry, good luck! (they hug) Director: On a bell please! Quietly.. and ACTION! (the scene starts.Joey enters and there's a girl wearing a wedding dress near a bed)Actress/Olivia: Drake! What are you doing in here? Joey/Drake: Stopping you from marrying the wrong man and making the biggest mistake of your life. Actress/Olivia: Get out! Joey/Drake: You don't love him! Actress/Olivia: What do you know about love? Joey/Drake: I know what I felt that night when we kissed under the bridge. Actress/Olivia: That kiss never happened. Joey/Drake: Oh, what about this one. (the actress slaps him)Rachel: (watching a television where the scene is shown, startled) OH! Actress/Olivia: No, I told you...get out! Joey/Drake: Fine. I'll go. But let me ask you one question... Chase Lassiter: (talking to Rachel) You look familiar, have we... Rachel: SSSHHHHTTT!!He's asking her a question!! Joey/Drake: Can you really live the rest of your life never knowing what we could have been? Actress/Olivia: I don't have a choice... Joey/Drake: Yes, you do.Yes...you do. I'm the one who doesn't have a choice because I...because I can't stop loving you. Actress/Olivia: Don't say that... Joey/Drake: Tell me to stop, just...tell me to stop. (he's about to kiss her) Director: CUT! Rachel: NO! (pause) Or, cut!You know, that's your call! [Scene: Monica's restaurant] 1st Customer: Everything was delicious! Monica: Thank you! 2nd Customer: It was. The duck in particular was superb. Monica: Thank you!(she looks at the 3rd customer waiting for a compliment) You haven't said anything... 3rd Customer: Actually I do have one small complaint. Monica: Oh..please!I-I welcome criticism. 3rd Customer: The musician right outside the restaurant...it's kind of a mood-killer! Monica: What musician? [Scene: Outside the restaurant] Phoebe: (playing guitar and singing) And there's a country called Argentinaaaa, it's a place I've never seeeeen. But I'm told for fifty pesos you can buy a human spleen. Humaaan spleeeeen. Olè! Monica: What are you doing here! Phoebe: Well, you said that you had customers lined up in the street, so I am here to entertain! Monica: Great! Phoebe: Yeah! It really has been great too, you know, some of this people must have seen me play before because they were requesting a bunch of my songs! Yeah, "You suck" and "shut up and go home". Monica: Listen Phoebe... Phoebe: Yeah. Monica: You know how much I love listening to your music, you know, but... Phoebe: But what? Monica: This is kind of a classy place. Phoebe: (pause) Ok, say no more. [Time lapse: Phoebe in front of restaurant again] Phoebe: (with a fancy dress, still playing and singing): It wasn't just that she was fat, the woman smelled like garbage! Everyone! It wasn't just that she was fat the woman smelled like garbaaaaaage! (to Monica, showing her dress) Classy, uh? (Monica covers her face with her hands)[Scene: hall of the romantic inn in Vermont] Chandler: Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation. Receptionist: Welcome to the Chestnut Inn Mr. Bing, so where are you joining from? Chandler: New York. Ross: (in a strange voice and eating candies) The big apple! Chandler: I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here. Ross: Yeah, I ate all my gifts for everybody. Receptionist: I am sorry Mr. Bing, there's no record of your reservation in the computer. Chandler: Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please? Ross: (high pitched voice) Check again please! Receptionist: I'm sorry, it's not here. Ross: Not there. Chandler: Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation? Receptionist: I don't know what to say. Ross: (mumbling) She doesn't know what to say! Chandler: Just give us the cheapest room you have. Receptionist: Unfortunatly the only thing we have available is our deluxe suite, the rate is six hundred dollars. Chandler: That's insane! Ross: Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves. Chandler: Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? (pause) We'll take it. Receptionist: Great. Chandler: (aside, to Ross) What!? They are totally ripping us off! Ross: Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six! Chandler: Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there! Ross: C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time! Chandler: Dude, you're shaking! Ross: I think it's the sugar, could you hold the apple? [Scene: Joey's apartment] Rachel: Hi! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking all day about that scene you did, I mean, you were amazing! Joey: Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me! Rachel: God, you have to tell me what happens tomorrow! Joey: Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me? Rachel: Me? Oh, no, I am not an actress. Joey: Oh, all right, I can ask Monica. Rachel: Oh screw her, that part is mine! Joey: Right... (pause) ok, so just from the top of the page, right here. Rachel: Okay. (pause).(acting) Hello Drake, I'm surprised to see you here. Joey/Drake: I can't believe you married him. Rachel/actress: But what choice did I have. He was keeping my sister in a dungeon! Joey/Drake: So what about us? Everything we feel for each other. Rachel/actress: It's over! You have to accept that. Joey/Drake: How can I? Knowing I'll never hold you in my arms again, or touch your skin, or feel your lips, knowing I'll never make love to you? How can I accept that... I can never kiss you again when it's all I can do not to kiss you right now. Rachel: (pause) Kiss me. Joey: What? Rachel: Kiss me. Joey: Ah, Rach, it doesn't say that! Rachel: No, I'm saying... Joey: but, but.. Rachel: just... don't talk... (she kisses him) [Scene: Rachel's bedroom] Rachel: (waking up) Ehhh, aw! (pause). Well, that's new! [Scene: Hotel's room] Ross: (on the phone) Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? (pause) Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? (pause) Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons.  (Chandler enters the room)Ross: What did you get? Chandler: USA Today Ross: Nice, put it with the others. Chandler: And I also got... two more apples. Ross: We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!   Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. Ross: Oh, that's not cool. Chandlers: Dude, none of this is cool. Ross: No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. (pause) Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt (he opens the salt shaker and pours the salt into his hand) I wish I'd thought this through. Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that. Ross: Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)? Ross: No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Chandler: Yes, but the batteries... (Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Chandler: (To Monica) Have I got a surprise for you? Pack your bags!
Chandler: What? No, I'm taking Monica to a romantic inn in Vermont (shows them a brochure)!
Chandler: So, what do you say? Can you get out of work?
Chandler: Are you really that busy?
Chandler: Oh, that's ok.I'll just try and reschedule. (on the phone) "Hi, this is Chandler Bing. I made a reservation there and I need to change it (pause) Oh, what do you mean it's not refundable? Can I just come some other time? (pause) Oh, can't you make an exception?"
Chandler: (on the phone) "Look, this is ridiculous! I'm not paying for that room! Ok?" (pause) "Oh, thank you very much!" (hangs up) Yeah, I'm going to Vermont...
Chandler: I don't have travel insurance.
(the scene starts.Joey enters and there's a girl wearing a wedding dress near a bed)Actress/Olivia: Drake! What are you doing in here? Joey/Drake: Stopping you from marrying the wrong man and making the biggest mistake of your life. Actress/Olivia: Get out! Joey/Drake: You don't love him! Actress/Olivia: What do you know about love? Joey/Drake: I know what I felt that night when we kissed under the bridge. Actress/Olivia: That kiss never happened. Joey/Drake: Oh, what about this one. (the actress slaps him)Rachel: (watching a television where the scene is shown, startled) OH! Actress/Olivia: No, I told you...get out! Joey/Drake: Fine. I'll go. But let me ask you one question... Chase Lassiter: (talking to Rachel) You look familiar, have we... Rachel: SSSHHHHTTT!!He's asking her a question!! Joey/Drake: Can you really live the rest of your life never knowing what we could have been? Actress/Olivia: I don't have a choice... Joey/Drake: Yes, you do.Yes...you do. I'm the one who doesn't have a choice because I...because I can't stop loving you. Actress/Olivia: Don't say that... Joey/Drake: Tell me to stop, just...tell me to stop. (he's about to kiss her) Director: CUT! Rachel: NO! (pause) Or, cut!You know, that's your call! [Scene: Monica's restaurant] 1st Customer: Everything was delicious! Monica: Thank you! 2nd Customer: It was. The duck in particular was superb. Monica: Thank you!(she looks at the 3rd customer waiting for a compliment) You haven't said anything... 3rd Customer: Actually I do have one small complaint. Monica: Oh..please!I-I welcome criticism. 3rd Customer: The musician right outside the restaurant...it's kind of a mood-killer! Monica: What musician? [Scene: Outside the restaurant] Phoebe: (playing guitar and singing) And there's a country called Argentinaaaa, it's a place I've never seeeeen. But I'm told for fifty pesos you can buy a human spleen. Humaaan spleeeeen. Olè! Monica: What are you doing here! Phoebe: Well, you said that you had customers lined up in the street, so I am here to entertain! Monica: Great! Phoebe: Yeah! It really has been great too, you know, some of this people must have seen me play before because they were requesting a bunch of my songs! Yeah, "You suck" and "shut up and go home". Monica: Listen Phoebe... Phoebe: Yeah. Monica: You know how much I love listening to your music, you know, but... Phoebe: But what? Monica: This is kind of a classy place. Phoebe: (pause) Ok, say no more. [Time lapse: Phoebe in front of restaurant again] Phoebe: (with a fancy dress, still playing and singing): It wasn't just that she was fat, the woman smelled like garbage! Everyone! It wasn't just that she was fat the woman smelled like garbaaaaaage! (to Monica, showing her dress) Classy, uh? (Monica covers her face with her hands)[Scene: hall of the romantic inn in Vermont] Chandler: Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation. Receptionist: Welcome to the Chestnut Inn Mr. Bing, so where are you joining from? Chandler: New York. Ross: (in a strange voice and eating candies) The big apple! Chandler: I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here. Ross: Yeah, I ate all my gifts for everybody. Receptionist: I am sorry Mr. Bing, there's no record of your reservation in the computer. Chandler: Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please? Ross: (high pitched voice) Check again please! Receptionist: I'm sorry, it's not here. Ross: Not there. Chandler: Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation? Receptionist: I don't know what to say. Ross: (mumbling) She doesn't know what to say! Chandler: Just give us the cheapest room you have. Receptionist: Unfortunatly the only thing we have available is our deluxe suite, the rate is six hundred dollars. Chandler: That's insane! Ross: Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves. Chandler: Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? (pause) We'll take it. Receptionist: Great. Chandler: (aside, to Ross) What!? They are totally ripping us off! Ross: Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six! Chandler: Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there! Ross: C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time! Chandler: Dude, you're shaking! Ross: I think it's the sugar, could you hold the apple? [Scene: Joey's apartment] Rachel: Hi! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking all day about that scene you did, I mean, you were amazing! Joey: Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me! Rachel: God, you have to tell me what happens tomorrow! Joey: Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me? Rachel: Me? Oh, no, I am not an actress. Joey: Oh, all right, I can ask Monica. Rachel: Oh screw her, that part is mine! Joey: Right... (pause) ok, so just from the top of the page, right here. Rachel: Okay. (pause).(acting) Hello Drake, I'm surprised to see you here. Joey/Drake: I can't believe you married him. Rachel/actress: But what choice did I have. He was keeping my sister in a dungeon! Joey/Drake: So what about us? Everything we feel for each other. Rachel/actress: It's over! You have to accept that. Joey/Drake: How can I? Knowing I'll never hold you in my arms again, or touch your skin, or feel your lips, knowing I'll never make love to you? How can I accept that... I can never kiss you again when it's all I can do not to kiss you right now. Rachel: (pause) Kiss me. Joey: What? Rachel: Kiss me. Joey: Ah, Rach, it doesn't say that! Rachel: No, I'm saying... Joey: but, but.. Rachel: just... don't talk... (she kisses him) [Scene: Rachel's bedroom] Rachel: (waking up) Ehhh, aw! (pause). Well, that's new! [Scene: Hotel's room] Ross: (on the phone) Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? (pause) Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? (pause) Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons.  (Chandler enters the room)Ross: What did you get? Chandler: USA Today Ross: Nice, put it with the others. Chandler: And I also got... two more apples. Ross: We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!   Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. Ross: Oh, that's not cool. Chandlers: Dude, none of this is cool. Ross: No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. (pause) Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt (he opens the salt shaker and pours the salt into his hand) I wish I'd thought this through. Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that. Ross: Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)? Ross: No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Chandler: Yes, but the batteries... (Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(the actress slaps him)Rachel: (watching a television where the scene is shown, startled) OH! Actress/Olivia: No, I told you...get out! Joey/Drake: Fine. I'll go. But let me ask you one question... Chase Lassiter: (talking to Rachel) You look familiar, have we... Rachel: SSSHHHHTTT!!He's asking her a question!! Joey/Drake: Can you really live the rest of your life never knowing what we could have been? Actress/Olivia: I don't have a choice... Joey/Drake: Yes, you do.Yes...you do. I'm the one who doesn't have a choice because I...because I can't stop loving you. Actress/Olivia: Don't say that... Joey/Drake: Tell me to stop, just...tell me to stop. (he's about to kiss her) Director: CUT! Rachel: NO! (pause) Or, cut!You know, that's your call! [Scene: Monica's restaurant] 1st Customer: Everything was delicious! Monica: Thank you! 2nd Customer: It was. The duck in particular was superb. Monica: Thank you!(she looks at the 3rd customer waiting for a compliment) You haven't said anything... 3rd Customer: Actually I do have one small complaint. Monica: Oh..please!I-I welcome criticism. 3rd Customer: The musician right outside the restaurant...it's kind of a mood-killer! Monica: What musician? [Scene: Outside the restaurant] Phoebe: (playing guitar and singing) And there's a country called Argentinaaaa, it's a place I've never seeeeen. But I'm told for fifty pesos you can buy a human spleen. Humaaan spleeeeen. Olè! Monica: What are you doing here! Phoebe: Well, you said that you had customers lined up in the street, so I am here to entertain! Monica: Great! Phoebe: Yeah! It really has been great too, you know, some of this people must have seen me play before because they were requesting a bunch of my songs! Yeah, "You suck" and "shut up and go home". Monica: Listen Phoebe... Phoebe: Yeah. Monica: You know how much I love listening to your music, you know, but... Phoebe: But what? Monica: This is kind of a classy place. Phoebe: (pause) Ok, say no more. [Time lapse: Phoebe in front of restaurant again] Phoebe: (with a fancy dress, still playing and singing): It wasn't just that she was fat, the woman smelled like garbage! Everyone! It wasn't just that she was fat the woman smelled like garbaaaaaage! (to Monica, showing her dress) Classy, uh? (Monica covers her face with her hands)[Scene: hall of the romantic inn in Vermont] Chandler: Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation. Receptionist: Welcome to the Chestnut Inn Mr. Bing, so where are you joining from? Chandler: New York. Ross: (in a strange voice and eating candies) The big apple! Chandler: I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here. Ross: Yeah, I ate all my gifts for everybody. Receptionist: I am sorry Mr. Bing, there's no record of your reservation in the computer. Chandler: Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please? Ross: (high pitched voice) Check again please! Receptionist: I'm sorry, it's not here. Ross: Not there. Chandler: Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation? Receptionist: I don't know what to say. Ross: (mumbling) She doesn't know what to say! Chandler: Just give us the cheapest room you have. Receptionist: Unfortunatly the only thing we have available is our deluxe suite, the rate is six hundred dollars. Chandler: That's insane! Ross: Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves. Chandler: Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? (pause) We'll take it. Receptionist: Great. Chandler: (aside, to Ross) What!? They are totally ripping us off! Ross: Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six! Chandler: Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there! Ross: C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time! Chandler: Dude, you're shaking! Ross: I think it's the sugar, could you hold the apple? [Scene: Joey's apartment] Rachel: Hi! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking all day about that scene you did, I mean, you were amazing! Joey: Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me! Rachel: God, you have to tell me what happens tomorrow! Joey: Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me? Rachel: Me? Oh, no, I am not an actress. Joey: Oh, all right, I can ask Monica. Rachel: Oh screw her, that part is mine! Joey: Right... (pause) ok, so just from the top of the page, right here. Rachel: Okay. (pause).(acting) Hello Drake, I'm surprised to see you here. Joey/Drake: I can't believe you married him. Rachel/actress: But what choice did I have. He was keeping my sister in a dungeon! Joey/Drake: So what about us? Everything we feel for each other. Rachel/actress: It's over! You have to accept that. Joey/Drake: How can I? Knowing I'll never hold you in my arms again, or touch your skin, or feel your lips, knowing I'll never make love to you? How can I accept that... I can never kiss you again when it's all I can do not to kiss you right now. Rachel: (pause) Kiss me. Joey: What? Rachel: Kiss me. Joey: Ah, Rach, it doesn't say that! Rachel: No, I'm saying... Joey: but, but.. Rachel: just... don't talk... (she kisses him) [Scene: Rachel's bedroom] Rachel: (waking up) Ehhh, aw! (pause). Well, that's new! [Scene: Hotel's room] Ross: (on the phone) Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? (pause) Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? (pause) Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons.  (Chandler enters the room)Ross: What did you get? Chandler: USA Today Ross: Nice, put it with the others. Chandler: And I also got... two more apples. Ross: We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!   Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. Ross: Oh, that's not cool. Chandlers: Dude, none of this is cool. Ross: No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. (pause) Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt (he opens the salt shaker and pours the salt into his hand) I wish I'd thought this through. Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that. Ross: Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)? Ross: No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Chandler: Yes, but the batteries... (Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(Monica covers her face with her hands)[Scene: hall of the romantic inn in Vermont] Chandler: Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation. Receptionist: Welcome to the Chestnut Inn Mr. Bing, so where are you joining from? Chandler: New York. Ross: (in a strange voice and eating candies) The big apple! Chandler: I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here. Ross: Yeah, I ate all my gifts for everybody. Receptionist: I am sorry Mr. Bing, there's no record of your reservation in the computer. Chandler: Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please? Ross: (high pitched voice) Check again please! Receptionist: I'm sorry, it's not here. Ross: Not there. Chandler: Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation? Receptionist: I don't know what to say. Ross: (mumbling) She doesn't know what to say! Chandler: Just give us the cheapest room you have. Receptionist: Unfortunatly the only thing we have available is our deluxe suite, the rate is six hundred dollars. Chandler: That's insane! Ross: Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves. Chandler: Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? (pause) We'll take it. Receptionist: Great. Chandler: (aside, to Ross) What!? They are totally ripping us off! Ross: Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six! Chandler: Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there! Ross: C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time! Chandler: Dude, you're shaking! Ross: I think it's the sugar, could you hold the apple? [Scene: Joey's apartment] Rachel: Hi! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking all day about that scene you did, I mean, you were amazing! Joey: Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me! Rachel: God, you have to tell me what happens tomorrow! Joey: Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me? Rachel: Me? Oh, no, I am not an actress. Joey: Oh, all right, I can ask Monica. Rachel: Oh screw her, that part is mine! Joey: Right... (pause) ok, so just from the top of the page, right here. Rachel: Okay. (pause).(acting) Hello Drake, I'm surprised to see you here. Joey/Drake: I can't believe you married him. Rachel/actress: But what choice did I have. He was keeping my sister in a dungeon! Joey/Drake: So what about us? Everything we feel for each other. Rachel/actress: It's over! You have to accept that. Joey/Drake: How can I? Knowing I'll never hold you in my arms again, or touch your skin, or feel your lips, knowing I'll never make love to you? How can I accept that... I can never kiss you again when it's all I can do not to kiss you right now. Rachel: (pause) Kiss me. Joey: What? Rachel: Kiss me. Joey: Ah, Rach, it doesn't say that! Rachel: No, I'm saying... Joey: but, but.. Rachel: just... don't talk... (she kisses him) [Scene: Rachel's bedroom] Rachel: (waking up) Ehhh, aw! (pause). Well, that's new! [Scene: Hotel's room] Ross: (on the phone) Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? (pause) Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? (pause) Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons.  (Chandler enters the room)Ross: What did you get? Chandler: USA Today Ross: Nice, put it with the others. Chandler: And I also got... two more apples. Ross: We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!   Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. Ross: Oh, that's not cool. Chandlers: Dude, none of this is cool. Ross: No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. (pause) Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt (he opens the salt shaker and pours the salt into his hand) I wish I'd thought this through. Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that. Ross: Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)? Ross: No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Chandler: Yes, but the batteries... (Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Chandler: Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation.
Chandler: New York.
Chandler: I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here.
Chandler: Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please?
Chandler: Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation?
Chandler: Just give us the cheapest room you have.
Chandler: That's insane!
Chandler: Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? (pause) We'll take it.
Chandler: (aside, to Ross) What!? They are totally ripping us off!
Chandler: Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there!
Chandler: Dude, you're shaking!
(Chandler enters the room)Ross: What did you get? Chandler: USA Today Ross: Nice, put it with the others. Chandler: And I also got... two more apples. Ross: We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!   Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. Ross: Oh, that's not cool. Chandlers: Dude, none of this is cool. Ross: No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. (pause) Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt (he opens the salt shaker and pours the salt into his hand) I wish I'd thought this through. Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that. Ross: Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)? Ross: No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Chandler: Yes, but the batteries... (Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Chandler: USA Today
Chandler: And I also got... two more apples.
Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant.
Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that.
Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)?
Chandler: Yes, but the batteries...
(Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much!
Chandler: No!
(Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps.
(the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax.
(they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away.
Chandler: There's a forest right outside.
Chandler: Ok, go quick!
(Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table)
Chandler: (browsing through a diary) Well, let me see... I-I believe I'm... yes, falling asleep in front of the TV.
Chandler: I could fall asleep at a play.
Chandler: (browsing through a diary) Uh, let's see, who do I hate?
(Monica points at Joey, Rachel turns and sees him)Rachel: (giggling and whispering) Maybe. Monica: (whispering) You can't! Rachel: (whispering) Why? (Monica gesticulates mumbling something that starts with "because") Seriously I did not understand a word that you said. Monica: In the hall. [Scene: In the hall] Monica: You wanna fool around with Joey? Rachel: Yeah! You know, ever since I had that dream about him, and can't get it out of my head! And what's the big deal, people do it all the time! Monica: Who? Who do you know that are friends that just fool around? Rachel: Ok, off the top of my head... Don and Janet. Monica: Who, who are they? Rachel: I know them from work. Monica: Both of them? Rachel: No, one of them... Monica: Which one? Rachel: I don't know, what were the names I just said? Monica: Rachel, things can get incredibly complicated. Rachel: All right, all right, you're right, I won't do anything with Joey, I just thought that we (Joey enters the hall) Ok so that would be two cups of tarragon, one pound of baking soda and one red onion? (Joey enters his apartment) Monica: What the hell are you cooking! Opening credits[Scene: Central Perk, Ross enters] Ross: Hey! Monica: Hey! Chandler: Hey! Ross: Hey, you guys won't believe what I have to do for work today. Chandler: Yes, but, Ross you chose a career of talking about dinosaurs. Ross: (covering with his hand Chandler's face, like pretending he's not there) (to Monica) There're these two professors who are joining my department and I have to meet them here and show them around campus. Monica: What's so bad about that? Ross: It's I just know they're gonna be a couple of windbags wearing tweed jackets with suede elbow patches. Monica: (fingering her elbow): Ross? Ross: (looking his elbow, where there's a patch) These aren't suede. (a woman walks in)Charlie: (to Gunther) Excuse me, I'm looking for someone. You don't, by any chance, know a Ross Geller? Gunther: No. Ross: Hi, hi, I'm Ross Geller. Charlie: Oh, hi. I'm professor Wealer. Ross: Oh, oh, that's, that's, that's nice. Charlie: It's a... It's good to meet you! Thank you so much for taking the time out to show me around. Ross: Oh, no, it's no big deal, I mean, if I weren't doing this I'd just, you know, be at the gym working out. Monica: (to Chandler) Is he gonna introduce us? Chandler: (to Monica) No, I think we're just blurry shapes to him now. Charlie: And, by the way, I really enjoyed your paper on the connection between geographic isolation and rapid mutagenesis. Ross: Oh, ha, I wrote that in one minute. Monica: (to chandler) Twenty bucks says they're married within the month. Ross: (hitting Monica with his suitcase) (to Charlie) We should probably get going, you know, we got a lot of ground to cover. Charlie: Oh, ah, isn't there another professor that is supposed to come with us? Ross: I don't think so. Charlie: I'm pretty sure, professor Spafford from Cornell? Ross: Oh, well he's obviously late and the rule in my class is "if you can't come on time, then don't come at all". (pause) An option that many of my students use. (pause) Shall we? Charlie: You don't think we should wait for him? Ross: You know what, he's a big boy, I'm sure he'll find us, ok? Professor Spafford: Professor Geller? Ross: Oh, damn it! [Scene: Joey's apartment] (Rachel enters the room and checks the answering machine)Jane: (from the answering machine) Hi Joey it's Jane Rogers, can't wait for your party tonight. Listen, I forgot your address, can you give me a call? Thanks, bye. Joey: (entering the room) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Joey: What's happenin'? Rachel: Yeah, it's a real shame you can't make it to that one-woman show tonight. Joey: Oh, I'd love to, but I gotta get up so early the next day and so, you know me, work comes first Rachel: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah... (she plays the answering machine) Message: "Hi Joey, it's Jane Rogers can't wait for your party tonight" (Joey's upset and stops it) Joey: (yelling) Stupid Jane Rogers!! Rachel: (angry) You are having a party tonight?? Joey: Kinda have a... a thing for the Days Of Our Life's people. Rachel: And you weren't going to tell us? How did you think you were gonna get away with that? Joey: I do it every year. Rachel: You do that every year?? Joey: I didn't have to tell you that!! I'm stupider than Jane Rogers!! Rachel: Oh, that's why you got these tickets to that play, to get rid of us?? Joey: Yeah... Rachel: And last year is that why you sent us to that medieval times restaurant? Joey: Yeah... Rachel: OH! And the year before that, when you set up that nighttime tour of that button factory? Joey: (Smiling) I can't believe you guys went for that one! Rachel: Joey, why wouldn't you invite us to your parties? Joey: You're fine, ok? But everyone else acts like an idiot around famous people! Rachel: Well, then so you just invite me...! Joey: (speaking aloud) Please, I was trying to be nice, you're the worst one! Rachel: Oh, Joey, come on! Please, please! Let me come, I will behave, I promise! I will behave! Please, please, please... Joey: Ok, ok! Fine! You can come, but don't tell anybody else. It's up on the roof at 8. Rachel: (yelling and jumping like a child) OH, a soap opera roof party!! I'm going to a soap opera roof party!! Oh my God, oh my God!! (realizing how she's behaving) And it's out of my system! [Scene: Ross, Charlie and Professor Spafford are sitting at the table in a restaurant] Professor Spafford: (speaking very slowly) And then my wife and I went on a cruise to the Galapagos. There was a sea food buffet you wouldn't believe. There were clams, and mussels, and oysters, and cracked crab, and snow crab, and king crab. It's a pity I'm allergic to shellfish. Ross: (very bored, he tries to avoid the conversation speaking to Charlie) So, where did you get your undergraduate degree? Professor Spafford: And that's not all I'm allergic to. Ross: (to Charlie) Oh, it's not over! Professor Spafford: I'm also allergic to peanuts, and cashews, and almonds, and filberts... Ross: So basically all nuts? Professor Spafford: Interestingly... no. Charlie: Kinda playing fast and loose with the word "interesting". Professor Spafford: If you'll excuse me I'm going to use the restroom. (he goes away) Charlie: Oh my God!! Ross: I've lost the will to live. Charlie: Let's ditch him! Ross: What? Charlie: Come on, he's still in the bathroom! I'm begging you! Ross: Oh... ok, fine. But... ehm... I just have one question for you, ehm... (aping Professor Spafford) When we exit should we walk, or run, or prance, or stroll... Charlie: Stop it, stop it! He talks slow but he might pee fast! Ok, let's go!! (they run outside) [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] Ross: (entering with Charlie) Oh, hey you guys! This is Charlie! Charlie, this is Phoebe and my sister, Monica. Phoebe: Hi! Ross: Yeah, Charlie is gonna be joining my department. Phoebe: Oh, you're a paleonthologist, too! (pause) Oh, ok, now, what do you think of Ranion's new theory of species' variegation in segmented arthopods? Charlie: Well, I think he's a little out there, but he does have some interesting ideas... Phoebe: Ah, ah. Charlie: (her mobile phone rings) Oh, I'm sorry. I'll take this. Excuse me. (she cuts herself off for a moment) Ross: (to Phoebe) Ranion's theory of species variegation? Phoebe: Yeah, I saw the article on your coffee table and I memorized the title to freak you out! Monica: (to Ross) So, did you two have fun? Ross: Oh my God, she's great! I mean, we-we have so much in common and she's just cool, and funny... Monica: And I don't know if you've noticed but she's a (aloud) HOTTY!! (Charlie looks at her) HI! Rachel: (she enters wearing a bath-robe) Hey... Hi you guys! Listen, you know what? I'm not feeling really well. I think I can't get out for the play. Ross: Really? Wh-what's wrong? Rachel: I don't know! I think it's kind of serious! Oh, you know... I was watching this thing on TV this morning about... Newcastle disease... and I think I might have it!! Charlie: Oh, Newcastle disease is a secretion borne virus that only affects chickens and... other poultry. Rachel: ... Ok, who is this? Ross: I'm sorry, Rachel, this is Charlie Wealer, she's a collegue. Rachel: Oh, hi! I would check your hand but... I'm sure you don't want to get my chicken disease! Monica: Hey, Rachel, Can-can I see you for a sec? Rachel: Sure! (Monica takes her apart) Oh... Monica: You're not sick! Rachel: What? Yes, I am! Monica: Ok, then, why are you... (she opens her robe revealing a nice black dress) all dressed up?? Rachel: When you're sick, you do whatever you can to make yourself feel better! (she closes her robe) Monica: You just wanna stay home so you can make a move on Joey! Rachel: Oh, no, no! I heard you before, that is so not what this is! Monica: Ok, what is this? Rachel: Ok! (whispering) Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof and he sent you guys to the play to get rid of you! Monica: (aloud) WHAT? Ross: (looking at them) Wh-what's going on? Monica: Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof! Rachel: And he didn't want you guys to know about it but I came over here to tell you!! Charlie: I thought you came to say you were sick. Rachel: Ok professor or detective? Phoebe: Joey's having a party and he wasn't gonna invite us? Rachel: Yeah, and he does it every year! That's why he's sending you to that play! That's why he sent us to that medieval restaurant and to that button factory! Phoebe: And that horrible museum tour! Ross: No, I arranged that... (Joey enters, wearing a bathrobe)Joey: (sounds tired) Hey you guys, I'm turning in. Have fun. Phoebe: We know about your party Joey. Joey: What party? Monica: The game's over! Take off your robe! Joey: (looks perplexed and opens up his robe) Ok... I mean... Everyone: No!! Cover it up!! Joey: (to Charlie after covering himself up again) Nice to meet ya! (Charlie waves hesitantly and Joey leaves) [Scene: The Roof] Joey: (To some people) Hey! Hey alright! Hey, glad you could make it (Shakes a man's hand) Thanks for coming. Monica: Oh my God! Kyle Lowder! Kyle Lowder: (to Monica) Hi. (walks on) Monica: (Yells after him) I love you! Joey: Hey, that's why I didn't invite you. you have to calm down, alright... go, go get yourself a drink or something... Monica: Oh yeah that's what you want - my inhibitions lowered. Phoebe: Hey! Monica: (Excited) Oh my God, can you believe we are surrounded by all this? I can barely control myself. Phoebe: Monica, you might want to remember that you are married. Where is Chandler anyway? (Looks around) Monica: (Shocked) Oh my God! Chandler! [Scene: The theater. Chandler is sitting in the otherwise empty front row, looking around nervously] Chandler: Where the hell is everybody? (The lights dim and Chandler tries to get away but as the bitter lady comes on stage and starts yelling he promptly changes his mind and sits down)Bitter lady: (yelling) Why don't you like me?! Chapter One: My first period. [Scene: The Roof, Rachel is talking to a guy who hands her a tissue with something written on it] Monica: (to Rachel) Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love". Rachel: Ok actually Mon, Matthew was just giving me his phone number. Monica: Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married! Matthew Ashford: It was nice to meet you Rachel. Rachel: Nice to meet you. Matthew Ashford: Call me. Rachel: Ok (Matthew leaves)Monica: (yelling after him) We will!! Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys! Rachel: Yeah! Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey? Rachel: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler! Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather) (cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Yes, but, Ross you chose a career of talking about dinosaurs.
(a woman walks in)Charlie: (to Gunther) Excuse me, I'm looking for someone. You don't, by any chance, know a Ross Geller? Gunther: No. Ross: Hi, hi, I'm Ross Geller. Charlie: Oh, hi. I'm professor Wealer. Ross: Oh, oh, that's, that's, that's nice. Charlie: It's a... It's good to meet you! Thank you so much for taking the time out to show me around. Ross: Oh, no, it's no big deal, I mean, if I weren't doing this I'd just, you know, be at the gym working out. Monica: (to Chandler) Is he gonna introduce us? Chandler: (to Monica) No, I think we're just blurry shapes to him now. Charlie: And, by the way, I really enjoyed your paper on the connection between geographic isolation and rapid mutagenesis. Ross: Oh, ha, I wrote that in one minute. Monica: (to chandler) Twenty bucks says they're married within the month. Ross: (hitting Monica with his suitcase) (to Charlie) We should probably get going, you know, we got a lot of ground to cover. Charlie: Oh, ah, isn't there another professor that is supposed to come with us? Ross: I don't think so. Charlie: I'm pretty sure, professor Spafford from Cornell? Ross: Oh, well he's obviously late and the rule in my class is "if you can't come on time, then don't come at all". (pause) An option that many of my students use. (pause) Shall we? Charlie: You don't think we should wait for him? Ross: You know what, he's a big boy, I'm sure he'll find us, ok? Professor Spafford: Professor Geller? Ross: Oh, damn it! [Scene: Joey's apartment] (Rachel enters the room and checks the answering machine)Jane: (from the answering machine) Hi Joey it's Jane Rogers, can't wait for your party tonight. Listen, I forgot your address, can you give me a call? Thanks, bye. Joey: (entering the room) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Joey: What's happenin'? Rachel: Yeah, it's a real shame you can't make it to that one-woman show tonight. Joey: Oh, I'd love to, but I gotta get up so early the next day and so, you know me, work comes first Rachel: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah... (she plays the answering machine) Message: "Hi Joey, it's Jane Rogers can't wait for your party tonight" (Joey's upset and stops it) Joey: (yelling) Stupid Jane Rogers!! Rachel: (angry) You are having a party tonight?? Joey: Kinda have a... a thing for the Days Of Our Life's people. Rachel: And you weren't going to tell us? How did you think you were gonna get away with that? Joey: I do it every year. Rachel: You do that every year?? Joey: I didn't have to tell you that!! I'm stupider than Jane Rogers!! Rachel: Oh, that's why you got these tickets to that play, to get rid of us?? Joey: Yeah... Rachel: And last year is that why you sent us to that medieval times restaurant? Joey: Yeah... Rachel: OH! And the year before that, when you set up that nighttime tour of that button factory? Joey: (Smiling) I can't believe you guys went for that one! Rachel: Joey, why wouldn't you invite us to your parties? Joey: You're fine, ok? But everyone else acts like an idiot around famous people! Rachel: Well, then so you just invite me...! Joey: (speaking aloud) Please, I was trying to be nice, you're the worst one! Rachel: Oh, Joey, come on! Please, please! Let me come, I will behave, I promise! I will behave! Please, please, please... Joey: Ok, ok! Fine! You can come, but don't tell anybody else. It's up on the roof at 8. Rachel: (yelling and jumping like a child) OH, a soap opera roof party!! I'm going to a soap opera roof party!! Oh my God, oh my God!! (realizing how she's behaving) And it's out of my system! [Scene: Ross, Charlie and Professor Spafford are sitting at the table in a restaurant] Professor Spafford: (speaking very slowly) And then my wife and I went on a cruise to the Galapagos. There was a sea food buffet you wouldn't believe. There were clams, and mussels, and oysters, and cracked crab, and snow crab, and king crab. It's a pity I'm allergic to shellfish. Ross: (very bored, he tries to avoid the conversation speaking to Charlie) So, where did you get your undergraduate degree? Professor Spafford: And that's not all I'm allergic to. Ross: (to Charlie) Oh, it's not over! Professor Spafford: I'm also allergic to peanuts, and cashews, and almonds, and filberts... Ross: So basically all nuts? Professor Spafford: Interestingly... no. Charlie: Kinda playing fast and loose with the word "interesting". Professor Spafford: If you'll excuse me I'm going to use the restroom. (he goes away) Charlie: Oh my God!! Ross: I've lost the will to live. Charlie: Let's ditch him! Ross: What? Charlie: Come on, he's still in the bathroom! I'm begging you! Ross: Oh... ok, fine. But... ehm... I just have one question for you, ehm... (aping Professor Spafford) When we exit should we walk, or run, or prance, or stroll... Charlie: Stop it, stop it! He talks slow but he might pee fast! Ok, let's go!! (they run outside) [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] Ross: (entering with Charlie) Oh, hey you guys! This is Charlie! Charlie, this is Phoebe and my sister, Monica. Phoebe: Hi! Ross: Yeah, Charlie is gonna be joining my department. Phoebe: Oh, you're a paleonthologist, too! (pause) Oh, ok, now, what do you think of Ranion's new theory of species' variegation in segmented arthopods? Charlie: Well, I think he's a little out there, but he does have some interesting ideas... Phoebe: Ah, ah. Charlie: (her mobile phone rings) Oh, I'm sorry. I'll take this. Excuse me. (she cuts herself off for a moment) Ross: (to Phoebe) Ranion's theory of species variegation? Phoebe: Yeah, I saw the article on your coffee table and I memorized the title to freak you out! Monica: (to Ross) So, did you two have fun? Ross: Oh my God, she's great! I mean, we-we have so much in common and she's just cool, and funny... Monica: And I don't know if you've noticed but she's a (aloud) HOTTY!! (Charlie looks at her) HI! Rachel: (she enters wearing a bath-robe) Hey... Hi you guys! Listen, you know what? I'm not feeling really well. I think I can't get out for the play. Ross: Really? Wh-what's wrong? Rachel: I don't know! I think it's kind of serious! Oh, you know... I was watching this thing on TV this morning about... Newcastle disease... and I think I might have it!! Charlie: Oh, Newcastle disease is a secretion borne virus that only affects chickens and... other poultry. Rachel: ... Ok, who is this? Ross: I'm sorry, Rachel, this is Charlie Wealer, she's a collegue. Rachel: Oh, hi! I would check your hand but... I'm sure you don't want to get my chicken disease! Monica: Hey, Rachel, Can-can I see you for a sec? Rachel: Sure! (Monica takes her apart) Oh... Monica: You're not sick! Rachel: What? Yes, I am! Monica: Ok, then, why are you... (she opens her robe revealing a nice black dress) all dressed up?? Rachel: When you're sick, you do whatever you can to make yourself feel better! (she closes her robe) Monica: You just wanna stay home so you can make a move on Joey! Rachel: Oh, no, no! I heard you before, that is so not what this is! Monica: Ok, what is this? Rachel: Ok! (whispering) Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof and he sent you guys to the play to get rid of you! Monica: (aloud) WHAT? Ross: (looking at them) Wh-what's going on? Monica: Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof! Rachel: And he didn't want you guys to know about it but I came over here to tell you!! Charlie: I thought you came to say you were sick. Rachel: Ok professor or detective? Phoebe: Joey's having a party and he wasn't gonna invite us? Rachel: Yeah, and he does it every year! That's why he's sending you to that play! That's why he sent us to that medieval restaurant and to that button factory! Phoebe: And that horrible museum tour! Ross: No, I arranged that... (Joey enters, wearing a bathrobe)Joey: (sounds tired) Hey you guys, I'm turning in. Have fun. Phoebe: We know about your party Joey. Joey: What party? Monica: The game's over! Take off your robe! Joey: (looks perplexed and opens up his robe) Ok... I mean... Everyone: No!! Cover it up!! Joey: (to Charlie after covering himself up again) Nice to meet ya! (Charlie waves hesitantly and Joey leaves) [Scene: The Roof] Joey: (To some people) Hey! Hey alright! Hey, glad you could make it (Shakes a man's hand) Thanks for coming. Monica: Oh my God! Kyle Lowder! Kyle Lowder: (to Monica) Hi. (walks on) Monica: (Yells after him) I love you! Joey: Hey, that's why I didn't invite you. you have to calm down, alright... go, go get yourself a drink or something... Monica: Oh yeah that's what you want - my inhibitions lowered. Phoebe: Hey! Monica: (Excited) Oh my God, can you believe we are surrounded by all this? I can barely control myself. Phoebe: Monica, you might want to remember that you are married. Where is Chandler anyway? (Looks around) Monica: (Shocked) Oh my God! Chandler! [Scene: The theater. Chandler is sitting in the otherwise empty front row, looking around nervously] Chandler: Where the hell is everybody? (The lights dim and Chandler tries to get away but as the bitter lady comes on stage and starts yelling he promptly changes his mind and sits down)Bitter lady: (yelling) Why don't you like me?! Chapter One: My first period. [Scene: The Roof, Rachel is talking to a guy who hands her a tissue with something written on it] Monica: (to Rachel) Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love". Rachel: Ok actually Mon, Matthew was just giving me his phone number. Monica: Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married! Matthew Ashford: It was nice to meet you Rachel. Rachel: Nice to meet you. Matthew Ashford: Call me. Rachel: Ok (Matthew leaves)Monica: (yelling after him) We will!! Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys! Rachel: Yeah! Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey? Rachel: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler! Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather) (cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Chandler: (to Monica) No, I think we're just blurry shapes to him now.
(Rachel enters the room and checks the answering machine)Jane: (from the answering machine) Hi Joey it's Jane Rogers, can't wait for your party tonight. Listen, I forgot your address, can you give me a call? Thanks, bye. Joey: (entering the room) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Joey: What's happenin'? Rachel: Yeah, it's a real shame you can't make it to that one-woman show tonight. Joey: Oh, I'd love to, but I gotta get up so early the next day and so, you know me, work comes first Rachel: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah... (she plays the answering machine) Message: "Hi Joey, it's Jane Rogers can't wait for your party tonight" (Joey's upset and stops it) Joey: (yelling) Stupid Jane Rogers!! Rachel: (angry) You are having a party tonight?? Joey: Kinda have a... a thing for the Days Of Our Life's people. Rachel: And you weren't going to tell us? How did you think you were gonna get away with that? Joey: I do it every year. Rachel: You do that every year?? Joey: I didn't have to tell you that!! I'm stupider than Jane Rogers!! Rachel: Oh, that's why you got these tickets to that play, to get rid of us?? Joey: Yeah... Rachel: And last year is that why you sent us to that medieval times restaurant? Joey: Yeah... Rachel: OH! And the year before that, when you set up that nighttime tour of that button factory? Joey: (Smiling) I can't believe you guys went for that one! Rachel: Joey, why wouldn't you invite us to your parties? Joey: You're fine, ok? But everyone else acts like an idiot around famous people! Rachel: Well, then so you just invite me...! Joey: (speaking aloud) Please, I was trying to be nice, you're the worst one! Rachel: Oh, Joey, come on! Please, please! Let me come, I will behave, I promise! I will behave! Please, please, please... Joey: Ok, ok! Fine! You can come, but don't tell anybody else. It's up on the roof at 8. Rachel: (yelling and jumping like a child) OH, a soap opera roof party!! I'm going to a soap opera roof party!! Oh my God, oh my God!! (realizing how she's behaving) And it's out of my system! [Scene: Ross, Charlie and Professor Spafford are sitting at the table in a restaurant] Professor Spafford: (speaking very slowly) And then my wife and I went on a cruise to the Galapagos. There was a sea food buffet you wouldn't believe. There were clams, and mussels, and oysters, and cracked crab, and snow crab, and king crab. It's a pity I'm allergic to shellfish. Ross: (very bored, he tries to avoid the conversation speaking to Charlie) So, where did you get your undergraduate degree? Professor Spafford: And that's not all I'm allergic to. Ross: (to Charlie) Oh, it's not over! Professor Spafford: I'm also allergic to peanuts, and cashews, and almonds, and filberts... Ross: So basically all nuts? Professor Spafford: Interestingly... no. Charlie: Kinda playing fast and loose with the word "interesting". Professor Spafford: If you'll excuse me I'm going to use the restroom. (he goes away) Charlie: Oh my God!! Ross: I've lost the will to live. Charlie: Let's ditch him! Ross: What? Charlie: Come on, he's still in the bathroom! I'm begging you! Ross: Oh... ok, fine. But... ehm... I just have one question for you, ehm... (aping Professor Spafford) When we exit should we walk, or run, or prance, or stroll... Charlie: Stop it, stop it! He talks slow but he might pee fast! Ok, let's go!! (they run outside) [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] Ross: (entering with Charlie) Oh, hey you guys! This is Charlie! Charlie, this is Phoebe and my sister, Monica. Phoebe: Hi! Ross: Yeah, Charlie is gonna be joining my department. Phoebe: Oh, you're a paleonthologist, too! (pause) Oh, ok, now, what do you think of Ranion's new theory of species' variegation in segmented arthopods? Charlie: Well, I think he's a little out there, but he does have some interesting ideas... Phoebe: Ah, ah. Charlie: (her mobile phone rings) Oh, I'm sorry. I'll take this. Excuse me. (she cuts herself off for a moment) Ross: (to Phoebe) Ranion's theory of species variegation? Phoebe: Yeah, I saw the article on your coffee table and I memorized the title to freak you out! Monica: (to Ross) So, did you two have fun? Ross: Oh my God, she's great! I mean, we-we have so much in common and she's just cool, and funny... Monica: And I don't know if you've noticed but she's a (aloud) HOTTY!! (Charlie looks at her) HI! Rachel: (she enters wearing a bath-robe) Hey... Hi you guys! Listen, you know what? I'm not feeling really well. I think I can't get out for the play. Ross: Really? Wh-what's wrong? Rachel: I don't know! I think it's kind of serious! Oh, you know... I was watching this thing on TV this morning about... Newcastle disease... and I think I might have it!! Charlie: Oh, Newcastle disease is a secretion borne virus that only affects chickens and... other poultry. Rachel: ... Ok, who is this? Ross: I'm sorry, Rachel, this is Charlie Wealer, she's a collegue. Rachel: Oh, hi! I would check your hand but... I'm sure you don't want to get my chicken disease! Monica: Hey, Rachel, Can-can I see you for a sec? Rachel: Sure! (Monica takes her apart) Oh... Monica: You're not sick! Rachel: What? Yes, I am! Monica: Ok, then, why are you... (she opens her robe revealing a nice black dress) all dressed up?? Rachel: When you're sick, you do whatever you can to make yourself feel better! (she closes her robe) Monica: You just wanna stay home so you can make a move on Joey! Rachel: Oh, no, no! I heard you before, that is so not what this is! Monica: Ok, what is this? Rachel: Ok! (whispering) Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof and he sent you guys to the play to get rid of you! Monica: (aloud) WHAT? Ross: (looking at them) Wh-what's going on? Monica: Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof! Rachel: And he didn't want you guys to know about it but I came over here to tell you!! Charlie: I thought you came to say you were sick. Rachel: Ok professor or detective? Phoebe: Joey's having a party and he wasn't gonna invite us? Rachel: Yeah, and he does it every year! That's why he's sending you to that play! That's why he sent us to that medieval restaurant and to that button factory! Phoebe: And that horrible museum tour! Ross: No, I arranged that... (Joey enters, wearing a bathrobe)Joey: (sounds tired) Hey you guys, I'm turning in. Have fun. Phoebe: We know about your party Joey. Joey: What party? Monica: The game's over! Take off your robe! Joey: (looks perplexed and opens up his robe) Ok... I mean... Everyone: No!! Cover it up!! Joey: (to Charlie after covering himself up again) Nice to meet ya! (Charlie waves hesitantly and Joey leaves) [Scene: The Roof] Joey: (To some people) Hey! Hey alright! Hey, glad you could make it (Shakes a man's hand) Thanks for coming. Monica: Oh my God! Kyle Lowder! Kyle Lowder: (to Monica) Hi. (walks on) Monica: (Yells after him) I love you! Joey: Hey, that's why I didn't invite you. you have to calm down, alright... go, go get yourself a drink or something... Monica: Oh yeah that's what you want - my inhibitions lowered. Phoebe: Hey! Monica: (Excited) Oh my God, can you believe we are surrounded by all this? I can barely control myself. Phoebe: Monica, you might want to remember that you are married. Where is Chandler anyway? (Looks around) Monica: (Shocked) Oh my God! Chandler! [Scene: The theater. Chandler is sitting in the otherwise empty front row, looking around nervously] Chandler: Where the hell is everybody? (The lights dim and Chandler tries to get away but as the bitter lady comes on stage and starts yelling he promptly changes his mind and sits down)Bitter lady: (yelling) Why don't you like me?! Chapter One: My first period. [Scene: The Roof, Rachel is talking to a guy who hands her a tissue with something written on it] Monica: (to Rachel) Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love". Rachel: Ok actually Mon, Matthew was just giving me his phone number. Monica: Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married! Matthew Ashford: It was nice to meet you Rachel. Rachel: Nice to meet you. Matthew Ashford: Call me. Rachel: Ok (Matthew leaves)Monica: (yelling after him) We will!! Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys! Rachel: Yeah! Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey? Rachel: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler! Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather) (cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Joey enters, wearing a bathrobe)Joey: (sounds tired) Hey you guys, I'm turning in. Have fun. Phoebe: We know about your party Joey. Joey: What party? Monica: The game's over! Take off your robe! Joey: (looks perplexed and opens up his robe) Ok... I mean... Everyone: No!! Cover it up!! Joey: (to Charlie after covering himself up again) Nice to meet ya! (Charlie waves hesitantly and Joey leaves) [Scene: The Roof] Joey: (To some people) Hey! Hey alright! Hey, glad you could make it (Shakes a man's hand) Thanks for coming. Monica: Oh my God! Kyle Lowder! Kyle Lowder: (to Monica) Hi. (walks on) Monica: (Yells after him) I love you! Joey: Hey, that's why I didn't invite you. you have to calm down, alright... go, go get yourself a drink or something... Monica: Oh yeah that's what you want - my inhibitions lowered. Phoebe: Hey! Monica: (Excited) Oh my God, can you believe we are surrounded by all this? I can barely control myself. Phoebe: Monica, you might want to remember that you are married. Where is Chandler anyway? (Looks around) Monica: (Shocked) Oh my God! Chandler! [Scene: The theater. Chandler is sitting in the otherwise empty front row, looking around nervously] Chandler: Where the hell is everybody? (The lights dim and Chandler tries to get away but as the bitter lady comes on stage and starts yelling he promptly changes his mind and sits down)Bitter lady: (yelling) Why don't you like me?! Chapter One: My first period. [Scene: The Roof, Rachel is talking to a guy who hands her a tissue with something written on it] Monica: (to Rachel) Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love". Rachel: Ok actually Mon, Matthew was just giving me his phone number. Monica: Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married! Matthew Ashford: It was nice to meet you Rachel. Rachel: Nice to meet you. Matthew Ashford: Call me. Rachel: Ok (Matthew leaves)Monica: (yelling after him) We will!! Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys! Rachel: Yeah! Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey? Rachel: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler! Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather) (cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Chandler: Where the hell is everybody?
(The lights dim and Chandler tries to get away but as the bitter lady comes on stage and starts yelling he promptly changes his mind and sits down)Bitter lady: (yelling) Why don't you like me?! Chapter One: My first period. [Scene: The Roof, Rachel is talking to a guy who hands her a tissue with something written on it] Monica: (to Rachel) Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love". Rachel: Ok actually Mon, Matthew was just giving me his phone number. Monica: Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married! Matthew Ashford: It was nice to meet you Rachel. Rachel: Nice to meet you. Matthew Ashford: Call me. Rachel: Ok (Matthew leaves)Monica: (yelling after him) We will!! Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys! Rachel: Yeah! Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey? Rachel: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler! Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather) (cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Matthew leaves)Monica: (yelling after him) We will!! Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys! Rachel: Yeah! Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey? Rachel: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler! Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather) (cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!!
Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely.
(Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play?
Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater.
Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted.
Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period!
Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra?
(Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you.
Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away).
Chandler: I missed most of the party (pause) Charlie's a girl, right?
(Joey and Charlie enter. Ross looks at her)    Ross: Oh, God. I forgot how hot she was! Joey: Hey! All: Hi! Ross: I'm gonna get some more coffee. Charlie: Oh, you know what? I'll come with you! Ross: Ok. (they both go) Chandler: (to Joey) So, a professor, uh? Joey: Yeah! She is cool, and she's so smart! Her mind is totally acrimonious    (which, being Joey, he mispronounces "amonious"). (pause) That's not    how she used it...? Charlie: (talking to Ross) I feel like I owe you an explanation. I don't    ordinarily go around kissing guys at parties. I'm... well, I'm kind of embarrassed.    I really hope you don't think less of me. Ross: Uhm no! Think less of you! No, I don't think less of you. I mean,    you saw someone you liked and you kissed them. I mean, those people who like    someone and don't kiss them... those-those people are stupid, I hate those people. Charlie: You know, actually I'm a little surprised to myself. I mean,    Joey is so different from the guys I usually date. I mean, they're all professors,    and intellectuals, and paleontologists mostly, you    know, very cerebral... Ross: Yeah, I know the type. Joey: Hey, if you wanna grab a bite before work we'd better get acrimonious.    No? Am I getting close? Opening credits [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment] Phoebe: (entering) Hey! Monica: Hey! Phoebe: Hey you guys! Look what I just got. (she shows them a pair of    slippers) Rachel: Oh, OH! Wow, I love those! Where did you get them? Phoebe: I bought them off Ebay! They used to belong to the late Shania    Twain. Rachel: (after a pause) Phoebe, Shania Twain is still alive! Phoebe: Oh... then I overpaid. (she goes to the bathroom) Monica: Hey, what's this? Rachel: Oh, it's a gift certificate to this new SPA in SOHO. Monica: Oh, you can't show Phoebe this! She hates those corporate massage    chains. Rachel: Ah, why, now I can't get a massage? There are so many things    that she disapproves of! I can't eat veal, I can't wear fur, I can't go hunting... Monica: Do you wanna go hunting? Rachel: Well, I would like to have the option!! Phoebe: (coming back from the bathroom) What's up? (she sees the gift    certificate in Rachel's hands) Hey, Rachel!! Rachel: Oh! Phoebe: No, you can't go there! You know how I feel about these "big    massage places"! They're putting people like me out of business! Monica: And she wants to go hunting, too!! Rachel: Phoebe, come on, I don't wanna waste it! It would be like throwing    away a hundred bucks! Phoebe: Ok, this is not about the MONEY, ok? It's about... it's    about corporate greed destroying our hearts and leaving us... the hollow shells. Rachel: I don't care about any of that!! Phoebe: Well, do you care about friendship? Rachel: Oh! Phoebe: I feel really strongly about this, Rachel. Please, don't use    this gift certificate. I'm asking you as a friend. Rachel: Oh, not as a friend, Phoebe!! Fine, I won't use it! Phoebe: Promise? Rachel: I promise. Phoebe: Thank you. (she tears up the gift certificate) Rachel: But I am going hunting!! [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] Monica: (entering) Hey honey! I missed you today! Chandler: Oh, yeah? Monica: Yeah. (they kiss) What d'you wanna do tonight? Chandler: Oh, well... Maybe we could... (he sweeps the stuff off the    table and wordlessly invites Monica to have sex on it) Monica: Ok, trying to turn me on by making a mess? Know your audience!    Besides, tomorrow we're doing those fertility tests and until then you need    to keep your tadpoles in the tank. Chandler: We really need to take those tests? Monica: Honey, we've been trying to have a baby for over a year. I think    it's a good idea to find out if everything's ok. Just a few routine tests. Chandler: But I don't wanna do it in a cup! Monica: What is the big deal? Chandler: It's weird! In a doctor's office? Monica: It's not ok to do it in a doctor's office but it is ok to do    it in a parked car behind a Taco Bell? Chandler: (embarrassed) I cannot believe Ross told you that! (pause)    And in my defense, it was a Wendy's! Monica: Look, I don't wanna do this test either, but I really do think    it's a good idea! Chandler: Yeah, ok. I'm sure that doctor's office can't be worst than    on a class trip to the Hershey's factory! Monica: (really embarrassed) OH! Chandler: Oh, yeah! RACHEL TALKS TOO! [Scene: Joey's apartment] Joey: (sipping red wine from a glass) Who says that wine has to cost    more than milk! (somebody knocks the door, Joey opens and it's Charlie)  Joey: Heeey! Charlie: Hi! Joey: Come on in, how are ya? Charlie: I'm good! Joey: Can I offer you a drink? Charlie: Please, I've been crazed all day! I had a meeting with    the Dean, and my syllabus for summer school is due and I'm writing the Foreword    for a friend's book... Joey: Uh-oh. I hade a pretty hectic day at work too, today I had to    open a door and go (looking scared) ohhhh! Charlie: So I am just so excited to be    here. And I can't wait to start exploring the city! Joey: Hey, if you need a tour guide... (point to himself) Charlie: Oh, you mean it? That would be so fun! Joey: Yeah, definitely, definitely. Ok, what do you wanna see first? Charlie: Oh, well, we can go see the Chronos Quartet at the Avery Fisher    Hall. Joey: (looking puzzled and nodding) Ok! Charlie: And there is a collection of Walt Whitman letters on display    at the public library. Joey: I know, yeah! Charlie: And first, I have to see the MET! Joey: Ok, let me stop you right there. The Mets suck, ok? You wanna    see the Yankees. Charlie: No, no, no, not the Mets, the MET, singular! Joey: Which one, they all suck! Charlie: The museum! Joey: (looking puzzled) I don't think so. [Scene: SPA massage center, Rachel enters] Rachel: (to the receptionist) Hi there! Receptionist: (in an affected tone) Hello, welcome to Lavender Day Spa    SPA. How may I help you? Rachel: Oh, hi. I have a massage appointment under Rachel Green, and    here is my gift certificate. Receptionist: This has been torn up. Rachel: And... taped back together. Receptionist: Ok well, I'll call you as    soon as your massage therapist is ready. Rachel: Ok Receptionist: Have a seat through the glass doors. Rachel: (imitating the receptionist's tone) through the glass doors. Receptionist: Through the glass doors. Rachel: Alright-y then. (Phoebe enters the hall)  Receptionist: Phoebe, your next client's in the waiting room. Phoebe: Ok. Do we have to talk like that then they're not around? (She    sees Rachel) Oh, no, no! Listen, is there someone    who can fill in for me? Receptionist: Sorry, everyone is booked! Phoebe: But that woman can't know I work    here. She's a friend of mine and I made this big stink about how awful this    massage chains are. Receptionist: Then why you work here? Phoebe: 'Cause it's good money! But that doesn't change the fact that    this is an evil blood sucking corporate machine! Receptionist: Well, I think this is a great place to work! Phoebe: (watching around and whispering) Ok, are they listening? [Scene: Central Perk] (Joey walks in and moves towards Ross, who's sitting of the sofa)  Joey: Ross! Ross: Hi! Joey: I need to talk to you about Charlie. Ross: (annoyed) Oh, do you, do you really? Joey: Yeah, I'm... I'm kind of having a little problem. Ross: Look, if you don't know what the word "acrimonious"    means, just don't use it! Joey: No, look, you know Charlie, right? She's cool, she's funny, her    body is soo... Ross: Get to the problem! Joey: Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've    ever dated! Combined! I don't want her to think I'm stupid! Ross: (looking down) Are you wearing two belts? Joey: (checking) EH, what do you know! Ross: You were saying you didn't want to seem stupid. Joey: Right, right, right, well, she wants to go to all this cultural    places and I don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out! Ross: You know, I really don't want to    get involved in you guy's relationship. Joey: Please, c'mon, you're the smartest person I know and I really    like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose her. Ross: (after a short hesitation) Fine. Joey: Thanks. Ross: Ok. Let's see. Oh, you should take her to the MET! Joey: The Metsss! Ross: Oh, no! The MET! The Metropolitan Museum of Art. Joey: (realizing) Oh, that's what she meant! (pause) You know, if they're    gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You know, short for museum,    and avoid all the confusion! Ross: Yeah, most of it it's a place  packed with confused angry    baseball fans! Joey: Ok, all right, so I'll take her to the MET. Ross: Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore    on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves architecture,    you know what you should do? You should take a walk down fifth to the    Saint Patrick's Cathedral and there there's this great little pastry shop that    she'd love. Joey: Geez, sounds like you should be going on this date! Ross: But I'm not! (pause). You know what if you're in the mood for    Thai food... Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go way too    fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET, ok? Ross: Ok. Joey: You got to tell me exactly what to do there. Ross: Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities    wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, up to the Byzantine Empire. Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make    the right (and he bends his arm to the left. Ross then bends Joey's arm to the    right and Joey nods) [Scene: doctor's waiting room] Chandler: I have a weird feeling about this place. (pause) How do I    know that they are not gonna secretly videotape me and put it all over the internet. Monica: Because, honey, I mean this in the sweetest way possible, nobody    is gonna wanna watch that. (a nurse walks in) Nurse: Mr. Bing? (Chandler jumps up) Here you are! You'll go into that    room and deposit your specimen into the container. Chandler: Deposit my specimen? You know,    usually I have to call a  900 number for that kind    of talk. Thanks, got it. Monica: Hey, honey, my test is down the hall, are you sure you're going    to be ok? Chandler: Yeah, I guess! Monica: I know this is embarrassing, but nobody cares! No one here even    knows you! Janice: OH MY GOD!! Chandler: Oh, Come on! Commercial Break Janice: Ah ahahahhahaa! How great is this! Monica: Hey, we're probably fertile, let's go home! Chandler: Why are you here? Janice: Well, Sid and I are trying again and we had trouble last time    because apparently we... Chandler: (to Heaven) No no no... I mean, why? why is    she here?? Janice: Oh! Someone's a little cranky today cuz    they have to do it in a cup! (laughs) Oh! They gave you the kiddy size (looking    at the cup in his hand). Chandler: What!? (Janice does her "Janice Laugh")  Monica: This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!    (leaves) Chandler: I'd love to stay, but I have eh... (points at the cup) got    a hot date... (starts to leave) Janice: Please... go! (Then shouts after him) Just let me know if you    need a hand! Chandler: (disgusted) I think it just fell off. (Leaves) [Scene: At the Spa, Phoebe is at the half-opened door] Phoebe: (In a strange heavy accent) Hello "ja", it's time    for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole. Rachel: Wow, a Swedish massage from a real Swedish person. (Puts her    head in the hole and Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Okay, then I'm Swedish... Monica: So, what's your name? Phoebe: It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea... Rachel: Oh... what an interesting name. Phoebe: Ja! Rachel: You know I... (lifts her head and tries to look in Phoebe's    direction) Phoebe: (pushes her head back down) Time for your scalp massage! Rachel: (Sees Phoebe's slippers through the hole) Wow... I really love    your... (startled as she realizes those are Phoebe's slippers) Phoebe: Is something wrong? Rachel: No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... (pause)    Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden? Phoebe: (Thinks for a few moments) Uhm... Stockholm. Rachel: Damn! I wish I knew if that was right! [Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Ross in the living room,    rehearsing what Joey will say to Charlie in the Museum] Joey: (gesturing at an imaginary painting) Note the painterly    lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors    as his elusive subject was light itself. Ross: Now, do you have any idea what you just said? Joey: (shaking his head as if to say: of course not!) No, no, my mouth    says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks! Ross: Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt    M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out phonetically for you. Joey: Phonetically? (Looks confused) Ross: Yeah, yeah that means... you know? We just... we don't have time    for this. Joey: Ok. Ross: Ok, but you know what? I gotta say,    I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly! Joey: Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days"    I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy". Ross: Wow. What does that mean? Joey: No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I    guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear". Ross: Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance? Joey: Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish    of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! (Reaches out to touch the    imaginary painting). Ross: Nah ah! Nah ah! (stops him form doing so) No no no! No ad-libbing    and dude, you can't touch the paintings. Joey: Come on! you... (reaches out to touch the imaginary painting again) Ross: No! (Slaps his hand) [Scene: The Fertility Clinic; Chandler walks out one of the rooms] Chandler: (To the nurse at the nurses' station) My specimen is in the    room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there.    Really helped speed the process along! (walks towards the common area and sees    Janice is still there) Janice! You're not... gone? Janice: Oh! Sid is still in his room. I don't allow porn at home so    this is like a vacation for him. So did you do it? Did you make your deposit? Chandler: Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over! Janice: That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes    next, I mean aren't you worried about the results? Chandler: I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet...    I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok. Janice: Oh! Well, you know what? It probably is. Chandler: (Slightly panicky) Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there    is a reason why we can't have a baby? Janice: Oh, Chandler, look. You and Monica are meant to have children.    I am sure it's gonna be just fine. Chandler: (smiling again) oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe    I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to...    come here and do... 'that'... Janice: What, you can do it in the parking lot of a Taco Bell, but you    can't do it at a doctor's office? Chandler: (stares at her intently, then yells) It was a "Wendy's!!    " [Scene: Phoebe and Rachel at the Spa. Phoebe is still massaging    Rachel] Phoebe: (Singing) "Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is    the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking! (looks annoyed) Rachel: Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have    a friend who is a masseuse. Phoebe: Oh, Ja! Ja! Rachel: Yah! She's... uhm... not very good though... (Phoebe looks devastated) Phoebe: Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is? Rachel: I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy    fingers from playing crummy guitar... Phoebe: Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're    such a high maintenance tight ass! Rachel: (now lifts her head) Phoebe!! Phoebe: You know it's me? Rachel: For like a half an hour! Man, you can lie about Sweden! Phoebe: How can you come here? Rachel: How could you not tell me you worked here? Phoebe: I don't have to tell you everything! Rachel: Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel guilty for getting    a free massage! Phoebe: Tips not included. Rachel: Oh! Phoebe, why did you lie to me about working here? Phoebe: Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then    they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know...    you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh!    paying taxes! Rachel: Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there    right now and quit! Be true to what you believe in! Honey, you have principles    and I so admire that! I don't have any! Phoebe: You know what? You are right. I am gonna quit. It's time    I took my life back! Rachel: Good for you Pheebs! Phoebe: Ok. Phoebe: Okay (walks out and closes the door behind her, looks up and    whispers) If you guys have microphones in there too, I didn't mean any    of that. I love you. [Scene: Central Perk. Ross is playing some shoot'em up game on    his laptop] Ross: Haha! Got ya! Die, die, die! (Charlie walks in.)  Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor    R. Geller. (hits &lt;return&gt;, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the    sofa) Hey! Charlie: Hi! Ross: Hey, how was the Met? Charlie: The museum was amazing! Ross: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh? Charlie: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to    say, and some of it didn't even make any sense. Ross: What do you mean? Charlie: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere    around. Ross: (perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked    into the Met, did you go to the right? Charlie: No, we went to the left. Ross: (shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like    you guys are having a great time together. Charlie: Yeah, it's fun (hesitating). Ross: What? Charlie: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really    know me that well; it would be weird. Ross: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on. Charlie: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy    to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common    with. You know what I mean? Ross: (slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey    a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about    art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else. Charlie: Yeah, I guess that's true. Ross: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all    that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You    know, that's the kind of guy Joey is. Charlie: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot! Ross: That was going to be my next argument. (Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
Chandler: (to Joey) So, a professor, uh?
Chandler: Oh, yeah?
Chandler: Oh, well... Maybe we could... (he sweeps the stuff off the    table and wordlessly invites Monica to have sex on it)
Chandler: We really need to take those tests?
Chandler: But I don't wanna do it in a cup!
Chandler: It's weird! In a doctor's office?
Chandler: (embarrassed) I cannot believe Ross told you that! (pause)    And in my defense, it was a Wendy's!
Chandler: Yeah, ok. I'm sure that doctor's office can't be worst than    on a class trip to the Hershey's factory!
Chandler: Oh, yeah! RACHEL TALKS TOO!
(somebody knocks the door, Joey opens and it's Charlie)  Joey: Heeey! Charlie: Hi! Joey: Come on in, how are ya? Charlie: I'm good! Joey: Can I offer you a drink? Charlie: Please, I've been crazed all day! I had a meeting with    the Dean, and my syllabus for summer school is due and I'm writing the Foreword    for a friend's book... Joey: Uh-oh. I hade a pretty hectic day at work too, today I had to    open a door and go (looking scared) ohhhh! Charlie: So I am just so excited to be    here. And I can't wait to start exploring the city! Joey: Hey, if you need a tour guide... (point to himself) Charlie: Oh, you mean it? That would be so fun! Joey: Yeah, definitely, definitely. Ok, what do you wanna see first? Charlie: Oh, well, we can go see the Chronos Quartet at the Avery Fisher    Hall. Joey: (looking puzzled and nodding) Ok! Charlie: And there is a collection of Walt Whitman letters on display    at the public library. Joey: I know, yeah! Charlie: And first, I have to see the MET! Joey: Ok, let me stop you right there. The Mets suck, ok? You wanna    see the Yankees. Charlie: No, no, no, not the Mets, the MET, singular! Joey: Which one, they all suck! Charlie: The museum! Joey: (looking puzzled) I don't think so. [Scene: SPA massage center, Rachel enters] Rachel: (to the receptionist) Hi there! Receptionist: (in an affected tone) Hello, welcome to Lavender Day Spa    SPA. How may I help you? Rachel: Oh, hi. I have a massage appointment under Rachel Green, and    here is my gift certificate. Receptionist: This has been torn up. Rachel: And... taped back together. Receptionist: Ok well, I'll call you as    soon as your massage therapist is ready. Rachel: Ok Receptionist: Have a seat through the glass doors. Rachel: (imitating the receptionist's tone) through the glass doors. Receptionist: Through the glass doors. Rachel: Alright-y then. (Phoebe enters the hall)  Receptionist: Phoebe, your next client's in the waiting room. Phoebe: Ok. Do we have to talk like that then they're not around? (She    sees Rachel) Oh, no, no! Listen, is there someone    who can fill in for me? Receptionist: Sorry, everyone is booked! Phoebe: But that woman can't know I work    here. She's a friend of mine and I made this big stink about how awful this    massage chains are. Receptionist: Then why you work here? Phoebe: 'Cause it's good money! But that doesn't change the fact that    this is an evil blood sucking corporate machine! Receptionist: Well, I think this is a great place to work! Phoebe: (watching around and whispering) Ok, are they listening? [Scene: Central Perk] (Joey walks in and moves towards Ross, who's sitting of the sofa)  Joey: Ross! Ross: Hi! Joey: I need to talk to you about Charlie. Ross: (annoyed) Oh, do you, do you really? Joey: Yeah, I'm... I'm kind of having a little problem. Ross: Look, if you don't know what the word "acrimonious"    means, just don't use it! Joey: No, look, you know Charlie, right? She's cool, she's funny, her    body is soo... Ross: Get to the problem! Joey: Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've    ever dated! Combined! I don't want her to think I'm stupid! Ross: (looking down) Are you wearing two belts? Joey: (checking) EH, what do you know! Ross: You were saying you didn't want to seem stupid. Joey: Right, right, right, well, she wants to go to all this cultural    places and I don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out! Ross: You know, I really don't want to    get involved in you guy's relationship. Joey: Please, c'mon, you're the smartest person I know and I really    like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose her. Ross: (after a short hesitation) Fine. Joey: Thanks. Ross: Ok. Let's see. Oh, you should take her to the MET! Joey: The Metsss! Ross: Oh, no! The MET! The Metropolitan Museum of Art. Joey: (realizing) Oh, that's what she meant! (pause) You know, if they're    gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You know, short for museum,    and avoid all the confusion! Ross: Yeah, most of it it's a place  packed with confused angry    baseball fans! Joey: Ok, all right, so I'll take her to the MET. Ross: Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore    on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves architecture,    you know what you should do? You should take a walk down fifth to the    Saint Patrick's Cathedral and there there's this great little pastry shop that    she'd love. Joey: Geez, sounds like you should be going on this date! Ross: But I'm not! (pause). You know what if you're in the mood for    Thai food... Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go way too    fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET, ok? Ross: Ok. Joey: You got to tell me exactly what to do there. Ross: Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities    wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, up to the Byzantine Empire. Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make    the right (and he bends his arm to the left. Ross then bends Joey's arm to the    right and Joey nods) [Scene: doctor's waiting room] Chandler: I have a weird feeling about this place. (pause) How do I    know that they are not gonna secretly videotape me and put it all over the internet. Monica: Because, honey, I mean this in the sweetest way possible, nobody    is gonna wanna watch that. (a nurse walks in) Nurse: Mr. Bing? (Chandler jumps up) Here you are! You'll go into that    room and deposit your specimen into the container. Chandler: Deposit my specimen? You know,    usually I have to call a  900 number for that kind    of talk. Thanks, got it. Monica: Hey, honey, my test is down the hall, are you sure you're going    to be ok? Chandler: Yeah, I guess! Monica: I know this is embarrassing, but nobody cares! No one here even    knows you! Janice: OH MY GOD!! Chandler: Oh, Come on! Commercial Break Janice: Ah ahahahhahaa! How great is this! Monica: Hey, we're probably fertile, let's go home! Chandler: Why are you here? Janice: Well, Sid and I are trying again and we had trouble last time    because apparently we... Chandler: (to Heaven) No no no... I mean, why? why is    she here?? Janice: Oh! Someone's a little cranky today cuz    they have to do it in a cup! (laughs) Oh! They gave you the kiddy size (looking    at the cup in his hand). Chandler: What!? (Janice does her "Janice Laugh")  Monica: This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!    (leaves) Chandler: I'd love to stay, but I have eh... (points at the cup) got    a hot date... (starts to leave) Janice: Please... go! (Then shouts after him) Just let me know if you    need a hand! Chandler: (disgusted) I think it just fell off. (Leaves) [Scene: At the Spa, Phoebe is at the half-opened door] Phoebe: (In a strange heavy accent) Hello "ja", it's time    for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole. Rachel: Wow, a Swedish massage from a real Swedish person. (Puts her    head in the hole and Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Okay, then I'm Swedish... Monica: So, what's your name? Phoebe: It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea... Rachel: Oh... what an interesting name. Phoebe: Ja! Rachel: You know I... (lifts her head and tries to look in Phoebe's    direction) Phoebe: (pushes her head back down) Time for your scalp massage! Rachel: (Sees Phoebe's slippers through the hole) Wow... I really love    your... (startled as she realizes those are Phoebe's slippers) Phoebe: Is something wrong? Rachel: No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... (pause)    Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden? Phoebe: (Thinks for a few moments) Uhm... Stockholm. Rachel: Damn! I wish I knew if that was right! [Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Ross in the living room,    rehearsing what Joey will say to Charlie in the Museum] Joey: (gesturing at an imaginary painting) Note the painterly    lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors    as his elusive subject was light itself. Ross: Now, do you have any idea what you just said? Joey: (shaking his head as if to say: of course not!) No, no, my mouth    says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks! Ross: Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt    M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out phonetically for you. Joey: Phonetically? (Looks confused) Ross: Yeah, yeah that means... you know? We just... we don't have time    for this. Joey: Ok. Ross: Ok, but you know what? I gotta say,    I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly! Joey: Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days"    I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy". Ross: Wow. What does that mean? Joey: No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I    guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear". Ross: Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance? Joey: Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish    of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! (Reaches out to touch the    imaginary painting). Ross: Nah ah! Nah ah! (stops him form doing so) No no no! No ad-libbing    and dude, you can't touch the paintings. Joey: Come on! you... (reaches out to touch the imaginary painting again) Ross: No! (Slaps his hand) [Scene: The Fertility Clinic; Chandler walks out one of the rooms] Chandler: (To the nurse at the nurses' station) My specimen is in the    room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there.    Really helped speed the process along! (walks towards the common area and sees    Janice is still there) Janice! You're not... gone? Janice: Oh! Sid is still in his room. I don't allow porn at home so    this is like a vacation for him. So did you do it? Did you make your deposit? Chandler: Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over! Janice: That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes    next, I mean aren't you worried about the results? Chandler: I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet...    I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok. Janice: Oh! Well, you know what? It probably is. Chandler: (Slightly panicky) Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there    is a reason why we can't have a baby? Janice: Oh, Chandler, look. You and Monica are meant to have children.    I am sure it's gonna be just fine. Chandler: (smiling again) oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe    I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to...    come here and do... 'that'... Janice: What, you can do it in the parking lot of a Taco Bell, but you    can't do it at a doctor's office? Chandler: (stares at her intently, then yells) It was a "Wendy's!!    " [Scene: Phoebe and Rachel at the Spa. Phoebe is still massaging    Rachel] Phoebe: (Singing) "Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is    the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking! (looks annoyed) Rachel: Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have    a friend who is a masseuse. Phoebe: Oh, Ja! Ja! Rachel: Yah! She's... uhm... not very good though... (Phoebe looks devastated) Phoebe: Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is? Rachel: I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy    fingers from playing crummy guitar... Phoebe: Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're    such a high maintenance tight ass! Rachel: (now lifts her head) Phoebe!! Phoebe: You know it's me? Rachel: For like a half an hour! Man, you can lie about Sweden! Phoebe: How can you come here? Rachel: How could you not tell me you worked here? Phoebe: I don't have to tell you everything! Rachel: Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel guilty for getting    a free massage! Phoebe: Tips not included. Rachel: Oh! Phoebe, why did you lie to me about working here? Phoebe: Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then    they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know...    you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh!    paying taxes! Rachel: Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there    right now and quit! Be true to what you believe in! Honey, you have principles    and I so admire that! I don't have any! Phoebe: You know what? You are right. I am gonna quit. It's time    I took my life back! Rachel: Good for you Pheebs! Phoebe: Ok. Phoebe: Okay (walks out and closes the door behind her, looks up and    whispers) If you guys have microphones in there too, I didn't mean any    of that. I love you. [Scene: Central Perk. Ross is playing some shoot'em up game on    his laptop] Ross: Haha! Got ya! Die, die, die! (Charlie walks in.)  Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor    R. Geller. (hits &lt;return&gt;, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the    sofa) Hey! Charlie: Hi! Ross: Hey, how was the Met? Charlie: The museum was amazing! Ross: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh? Charlie: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to    say, and some of it didn't even make any sense. Ross: What do you mean? Charlie: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere    around. Ross: (perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked    into the Met, did you go to the right? Charlie: No, we went to the left. Ross: (shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like    you guys are having a great time together. Charlie: Yeah, it's fun (hesitating). Ross: What? Charlie: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really    know me that well; it would be weird. Ross: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on. Charlie: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy    to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common    with. You know what I mean? Ross: (slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey    a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about    art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else. Charlie: Yeah, I guess that's true. Ross: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all    that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You    know, that's the kind of guy Joey is. Charlie: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot! Ross: That was going to be my next argument. (Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
(Phoebe enters the hall)  Receptionist: Phoebe, your next client's in the waiting room. Phoebe: Ok. Do we have to talk like that then they're not around? (She    sees Rachel) Oh, no, no! Listen, is there someone    who can fill in for me? Receptionist: Sorry, everyone is booked! Phoebe: But that woman can't know I work    here. She's a friend of mine and I made this big stink about how awful this    massage chains are. Receptionist: Then why you work here? Phoebe: 'Cause it's good money! But that doesn't change the fact that    this is an evil blood sucking corporate machine! Receptionist: Well, I think this is a great place to work! Phoebe: (watching around and whispering) Ok, are they listening? [Scene: Central Perk] (Joey walks in and moves towards Ross, who's sitting of the sofa)  Joey: Ross! Ross: Hi! Joey: I need to talk to you about Charlie. Ross: (annoyed) Oh, do you, do you really? Joey: Yeah, I'm... I'm kind of having a little problem. Ross: Look, if you don't know what the word "acrimonious"    means, just don't use it! Joey: No, look, you know Charlie, right? She's cool, she's funny, her    body is soo... Ross: Get to the problem! Joey: Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've    ever dated! Combined! I don't want her to think I'm stupid! Ross: (looking down) Are you wearing two belts? Joey: (checking) EH, what do you know! Ross: You were saying you didn't want to seem stupid. Joey: Right, right, right, well, she wants to go to all this cultural    places and I don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out! Ross: You know, I really don't want to    get involved in you guy's relationship. Joey: Please, c'mon, you're the smartest person I know and I really    like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose her. Ross: (after a short hesitation) Fine. Joey: Thanks. Ross: Ok. Let's see. Oh, you should take her to the MET! Joey: The Metsss! Ross: Oh, no! The MET! The Metropolitan Museum of Art. Joey: (realizing) Oh, that's what she meant! (pause) You know, if they're    gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You know, short for museum,    and avoid all the confusion! Ross: Yeah, most of it it's a place  packed with confused angry    baseball fans! Joey: Ok, all right, so I'll take her to the MET. Ross: Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore    on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves architecture,    you know what you should do? You should take a walk down fifth to the    Saint Patrick's Cathedral and there there's this great little pastry shop that    she'd love. Joey: Geez, sounds like you should be going on this date! Ross: But I'm not! (pause). You know what if you're in the mood for    Thai food... Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go way too    fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET, ok? Ross: Ok. Joey: You got to tell me exactly what to do there. Ross: Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities    wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, up to the Byzantine Empire. Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make    the right (and he bends his arm to the left. Ross then bends Joey's arm to the    right and Joey nods) [Scene: doctor's waiting room] Chandler: I have a weird feeling about this place. (pause) How do I    know that they are not gonna secretly videotape me and put it all over the internet. Monica: Because, honey, I mean this in the sweetest way possible, nobody    is gonna wanna watch that. (a nurse walks in) Nurse: Mr. Bing? (Chandler jumps up) Here you are! You'll go into that    room and deposit your specimen into the container. Chandler: Deposit my specimen? You know,    usually I have to call a  900 number for that kind    of talk. Thanks, got it. Monica: Hey, honey, my test is down the hall, are you sure you're going    to be ok? Chandler: Yeah, I guess! Monica: I know this is embarrassing, but nobody cares! No one here even    knows you! Janice: OH MY GOD!! Chandler: Oh, Come on! Commercial Break Janice: Ah ahahahhahaa! How great is this! Monica: Hey, we're probably fertile, let's go home! Chandler: Why are you here? Janice: Well, Sid and I are trying again and we had trouble last time    because apparently we... Chandler: (to Heaven) No no no... I mean, why? why is    she here?? Janice: Oh! Someone's a little cranky today cuz    they have to do it in a cup! (laughs) Oh! They gave you the kiddy size (looking    at the cup in his hand). Chandler: What!? (Janice does her "Janice Laugh")  Monica: This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!    (leaves) Chandler: I'd love to stay, but I have eh... (points at the cup) got    a hot date... (starts to leave) Janice: Please... go! (Then shouts after him) Just let me know if you    need a hand! Chandler: (disgusted) I think it just fell off. (Leaves) [Scene: At the Spa, Phoebe is at the half-opened door] Phoebe: (In a strange heavy accent) Hello "ja", it's time    for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole. Rachel: Wow, a Swedish massage from a real Swedish person. (Puts her    head in the hole and Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Okay, then I'm Swedish... Monica: So, what's your name? Phoebe: It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea... Rachel: Oh... what an interesting name. Phoebe: Ja! Rachel: You know I... (lifts her head and tries to look in Phoebe's    direction) Phoebe: (pushes her head back down) Time for your scalp massage! Rachel: (Sees Phoebe's slippers through the hole) Wow... I really love    your... (startled as she realizes those are Phoebe's slippers) Phoebe: Is something wrong? Rachel: No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... (pause)    Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden? Phoebe: (Thinks for a few moments) Uhm... Stockholm. Rachel: Damn! I wish I knew if that was right! [Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Ross in the living room,    rehearsing what Joey will say to Charlie in the Museum] Joey: (gesturing at an imaginary painting) Note the painterly    lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors    as his elusive subject was light itself. Ross: Now, do you have any idea what you just said? Joey: (shaking his head as if to say: of course not!) No, no, my mouth    says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks! Ross: Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt    M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out phonetically for you. Joey: Phonetically? (Looks confused) Ross: Yeah, yeah that means... you know? We just... we don't have time    for this. Joey: Ok. Ross: Ok, but you know what? I gotta say,    I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly! Joey: Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days"    I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy". Ross: Wow. What does that mean? Joey: No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I    guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear". Ross: Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance? Joey: Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish    of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! (Reaches out to touch the    imaginary painting). Ross: Nah ah! Nah ah! (stops him form doing so) No no no! No ad-libbing    and dude, you can't touch the paintings. Joey: Come on! you... (reaches out to touch the imaginary painting again) Ross: No! (Slaps his hand) [Scene: The Fertility Clinic; Chandler walks out one of the rooms] Chandler: (To the nurse at the nurses' station) My specimen is in the    room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there.    Really helped speed the process along! (walks towards the common area and sees    Janice is still there) Janice! You're not... gone? Janice: Oh! Sid is still in his room. I don't allow porn at home so    this is like a vacation for him. So did you do it? Did you make your deposit? Chandler: Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over! Janice: That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes    next, I mean aren't you worried about the results? Chandler: I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet...    I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok. Janice: Oh! Well, you know what? It probably is. Chandler: (Slightly panicky) Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there    is a reason why we can't have a baby? Janice: Oh, Chandler, look. You and Monica are meant to have children.    I am sure it's gonna be just fine. Chandler: (smiling again) oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe    I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to...    come here and do... 'that'... Janice: What, you can do it in the parking lot of a Taco Bell, but you    can't do it at a doctor's office? Chandler: (stares at her intently, then yells) It was a "Wendy's!!    " [Scene: Phoebe and Rachel at the Spa. Phoebe is still massaging    Rachel] Phoebe: (Singing) "Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is    the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking! (looks annoyed) Rachel: Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have    a friend who is a masseuse. Phoebe: Oh, Ja! Ja! Rachel: Yah! She's... uhm... not very good though... (Phoebe looks devastated) Phoebe: Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is? Rachel: I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy    fingers from playing crummy guitar... Phoebe: Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're    such a high maintenance tight ass! Rachel: (now lifts her head) Phoebe!! Phoebe: You know it's me? Rachel: For like a half an hour! Man, you can lie about Sweden! Phoebe: How can you come here? Rachel: How could you not tell me you worked here? Phoebe: I don't have to tell you everything! Rachel: Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel guilty for getting    a free massage! Phoebe: Tips not included. Rachel: Oh! Phoebe, why did you lie to me about working here? Phoebe: Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then    they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know...    you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh!    paying taxes! Rachel: Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there    right now and quit! Be true to what you believe in! Honey, you have principles    and I so admire that! I don't have any! Phoebe: You know what? You are right. I am gonna quit. It's time    I took my life back! Rachel: Good for you Pheebs! Phoebe: Ok. Phoebe: Okay (walks out and closes the door behind her, looks up and    whispers) If you guys have microphones in there too, I didn't mean any    of that. I love you. [Scene: Central Perk. Ross is playing some shoot'em up game on    his laptop] Ross: Haha! Got ya! Die, die, die! (Charlie walks in.)  Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor    R. Geller. (hits &lt;return&gt;, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the    sofa) Hey! Charlie: Hi! Ross: Hey, how was the Met? Charlie: The museum was amazing! Ross: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh? Charlie: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to    say, and some of it didn't even make any sense. Ross: What do you mean? Charlie: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere    around. Ross: (perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked    into the Met, did you go to the right? Charlie: No, we went to the left. Ross: (shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like    you guys are having a great time together. Charlie: Yeah, it's fun (hesitating). Ross: What? Charlie: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really    know me that well; it would be weird. Ross: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on. Charlie: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy    to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common    with. You know what I mean? Ross: (slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey    a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about    art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else. Charlie: Yeah, I guess that's true. Ross: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all    that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You    know, that's the kind of guy Joey is. Charlie: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot! Ross: That was going to be my next argument. (Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
(Joey walks in and moves towards Ross, who's sitting of the sofa)  Joey: Ross! Ross: Hi! Joey: I need to talk to you about Charlie. Ross: (annoyed) Oh, do you, do you really? Joey: Yeah, I'm... I'm kind of having a little problem. Ross: Look, if you don't know what the word "acrimonious"    means, just don't use it! Joey: No, look, you know Charlie, right? She's cool, she's funny, her    body is soo... Ross: Get to the problem! Joey: Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've    ever dated! Combined! I don't want her to think I'm stupid! Ross: (looking down) Are you wearing two belts? Joey: (checking) EH, what do you know! Ross: You were saying you didn't want to seem stupid. Joey: Right, right, right, well, she wants to go to all this cultural    places and I don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out! Ross: You know, I really don't want to    get involved in you guy's relationship. Joey: Please, c'mon, you're the smartest person I know and I really    like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose her. Ross: (after a short hesitation) Fine. Joey: Thanks. Ross: Ok. Let's see. Oh, you should take her to the MET! Joey: The Metsss! Ross: Oh, no! The MET! The Metropolitan Museum of Art. Joey: (realizing) Oh, that's what she meant! (pause) You know, if they're    gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You know, short for museum,    and avoid all the confusion! Ross: Yeah, most of it it's a place  packed with confused angry    baseball fans! Joey: Ok, all right, so I'll take her to the MET. Ross: Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore    on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves architecture,    you know what you should do? You should take a walk down fifth to the    Saint Patrick's Cathedral and there there's this great little pastry shop that    she'd love. Joey: Geez, sounds like you should be going on this date! Ross: But I'm not! (pause). You know what if you're in the mood for    Thai food... Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go way too    fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET, ok? Ross: Ok. Joey: You got to tell me exactly what to do there. Ross: Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities    wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, up to the Byzantine Empire. Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make    the right (and he bends his arm to the left. Ross then bends Joey's arm to the    right and Joey nods) [Scene: doctor's waiting room] Chandler: I have a weird feeling about this place. (pause) How do I    know that they are not gonna secretly videotape me and put it all over the internet. Monica: Because, honey, I mean this in the sweetest way possible, nobody    is gonna wanna watch that. (a nurse walks in) Nurse: Mr. Bing? (Chandler jumps up) Here you are! You'll go into that    room and deposit your specimen into the container. Chandler: Deposit my specimen? You know,    usually I have to call a  900 number for that kind    of talk. Thanks, got it. Monica: Hey, honey, my test is down the hall, are you sure you're going    to be ok? Chandler: Yeah, I guess! Monica: I know this is embarrassing, but nobody cares! No one here even    knows you! Janice: OH MY GOD!! Chandler: Oh, Come on! Commercial Break Janice: Ah ahahahhahaa! How great is this! Monica: Hey, we're probably fertile, let's go home! Chandler: Why are you here? Janice: Well, Sid and I are trying again and we had trouble last time    because apparently we... Chandler: (to Heaven) No no no... I mean, why? why is    she here?? Janice: Oh! Someone's a little cranky today cuz    they have to do it in a cup! (laughs) Oh! They gave you the kiddy size (looking    at the cup in his hand). Chandler: What!? (Janice does her "Janice Laugh")  Monica: This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!    (leaves) Chandler: I'd love to stay, but I have eh... (points at the cup) got    a hot date... (starts to leave) Janice: Please... go! (Then shouts after him) Just let me know if you    need a hand! Chandler: (disgusted) I think it just fell off. (Leaves) [Scene: At the Spa, Phoebe is at the half-opened door] Phoebe: (In a strange heavy accent) Hello "ja", it's time    for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole. Rachel: Wow, a Swedish massage from a real Swedish person. (Puts her    head in the hole and Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Okay, then I'm Swedish... Monica: So, what's your name? Phoebe: It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea... Rachel: Oh... what an interesting name. Phoebe: Ja! Rachel: You know I... (lifts her head and tries to look in Phoebe's    direction) Phoebe: (pushes her head back down) Time for your scalp massage! Rachel: (Sees Phoebe's slippers through the hole) Wow... I really love    your... (startled as she realizes those are Phoebe's slippers) Phoebe: Is something wrong? Rachel: No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... (pause)    Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden? Phoebe: (Thinks for a few moments) Uhm... Stockholm. Rachel: Damn! I wish I knew if that was right! [Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Ross in the living room,    rehearsing what Joey will say to Charlie in the Museum] Joey: (gesturing at an imaginary painting) Note the painterly    lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors    as his elusive subject was light itself. Ross: Now, do you have any idea what you just said? Joey: (shaking his head as if to say: of course not!) No, no, my mouth    says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks! Ross: Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt    M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out phonetically for you. Joey: Phonetically? (Looks confused) Ross: Yeah, yeah that means... you know? We just... we don't have time    for this. Joey: Ok. Ross: Ok, but you know what? I gotta say,    I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly! Joey: Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days"    I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy". Ross: Wow. What does that mean? Joey: No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I    guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear". Ross: Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance? Joey: Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish    of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! (Reaches out to touch the    imaginary painting). Ross: Nah ah! Nah ah! (stops him form doing so) No no no! No ad-libbing    and dude, you can't touch the paintings. Joey: Come on! you... (reaches out to touch the imaginary painting again) Ross: No! (Slaps his hand) [Scene: The Fertility Clinic; Chandler walks out one of the rooms] Chandler: (To the nurse at the nurses' station) My specimen is in the    room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there.    Really helped speed the process along! (walks towards the common area and sees    Janice is still there) Janice! You're not... gone? Janice: Oh! Sid is still in his room. I don't allow porn at home so    this is like a vacation for him. So did you do it? Did you make your deposit? Chandler: Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over! Janice: That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes    next, I mean aren't you worried about the results? Chandler: I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet...    I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok. Janice: Oh! Well, you know what? It probably is. Chandler: (Slightly panicky) Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there    is a reason why we can't have a baby? Janice: Oh, Chandler, look. You and Monica are meant to have children.    I am sure it's gonna be just fine. Chandler: (smiling again) oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe    I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to...    come here and do... 'that'... Janice: What, you can do it in the parking lot of a Taco Bell, but you    can't do it at a doctor's office? Chandler: (stares at her intently, then yells) It was a "Wendy's!!    " [Scene: Phoebe and Rachel at the Spa. Phoebe is still massaging    Rachel] Phoebe: (Singing) "Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is    the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking! (looks annoyed) Rachel: Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have    a friend who is a masseuse. Phoebe: Oh, Ja! Ja! Rachel: Yah! She's... uhm... not very good though... (Phoebe looks devastated) Phoebe: Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is? Rachel: I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy    fingers from playing crummy guitar... Phoebe: Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're    such a high maintenance tight ass! Rachel: (now lifts her head) Phoebe!! Phoebe: You know it's me? Rachel: For like a half an hour! Man, you can lie about Sweden! Phoebe: How can you come here? Rachel: How could you not tell me you worked here? Phoebe: I don't have to tell you everything! Rachel: Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel guilty for getting    a free massage! Phoebe: Tips not included. Rachel: Oh! Phoebe, why did you lie to me about working here? Phoebe: Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then    they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know...    you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh!    paying taxes! Rachel: Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there    right now and quit! Be true to what you believe in! Honey, you have principles    and I so admire that! I don't have any! Phoebe: You know what? You are right. I am gonna quit. It's time    I took my life back! Rachel: Good for you Pheebs! Phoebe: Ok. Phoebe: Okay (walks out and closes the door behind her, looks up and    whispers) If you guys have microphones in there too, I didn't mean any    of that. I love you. [Scene: Central Perk. Ross is playing some shoot'em up game on    his laptop] Ross: Haha! Got ya! Die, die, die! (Charlie walks in.)  Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor    R. Geller. (hits &lt;return&gt;, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the    sofa) Hey! Charlie: Hi! Ross: Hey, how was the Met? Charlie: The museum was amazing! Ross: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh? Charlie: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to    say, and some of it didn't even make any sense. Ross: What do you mean? Charlie: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere    around. Ross: (perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked    into the Met, did you go to the right? Charlie: No, we went to the left. Ross: (shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like    you guys are having a great time together. Charlie: Yeah, it's fun (hesitating). Ross: What? Charlie: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really    know me that well; it would be weird. Ross: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on. Charlie: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy    to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common    with. You know what I mean? Ross: (slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey    a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about    art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else. Charlie: Yeah, I guess that's true. Ross: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all    that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You    know, that's the kind of guy Joey is. Charlie: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot! Ross: That was going to be my next argument. (Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
Chandler: I have a weird feeling about this place. (pause) How do I    know that they are not gonna secretly videotape me and put it all over the internet.
Chandler: Deposit my specimen? You know,    usually I have to call a  900 number for that kind    of talk. Thanks, got it.
Chandler: Yeah, I guess!
Chandler: Oh, Come on!
Chandler: Why are you here?
Chandler: (to Heaven) No no no... I mean, why? why is    she here??
Chandler: What!?
(Janice does her "Janice Laugh")  Monica: This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!    (leaves) Chandler: I'd love to stay, but I have eh... (points at the cup) got    a hot date... (starts to leave) Janice: Please... go! (Then shouts after him) Just let me know if you    need a hand! Chandler: (disgusted) I think it just fell off. (Leaves) [Scene: At the Spa, Phoebe is at the half-opened door] Phoebe: (In a strange heavy accent) Hello "ja", it's time    for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole. Rachel: Wow, a Swedish massage from a real Swedish person. (Puts her    head in the hole and Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Okay, then I'm Swedish... Monica: So, what's your name? Phoebe: It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea... Rachel: Oh... what an interesting name. Phoebe: Ja! Rachel: You know I... (lifts her head and tries to look in Phoebe's    direction) Phoebe: (pushes her head back down) Time for your scalp massage! Rachel: (Sees Phoebe's slippers through the hole) Wow... I really love    your... (startled as she realizes those are Phoebe's slippers) Phoebe: Is something wrong? Rachel: No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... (pause)    Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden? Phoebe: (Thinks for a few moments) Uhm... Stockholm. Rachel: Damn! I wish I knew if that was right! [Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Ross in the living room,    rehearsing what Joey will say to Charlie in the Museum] Joey: (gesturing at an imaginary painting) Note the painterly    lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors    as his elusive subject was light itself. Ross: Now, do you have any idea what you just said? Joey: (shaking his head as if to say: of course not!) No, no, my mouth    says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks! Ross: Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt    M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out phonetically for you. Joey: Phonetically? (Looks confused) Ross: Yeah, yeah that means... you know? We just... we don't have time    for this. Joey: Ok. Ross: Ok, but you know what? I gotta say,    I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly! Joey: Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days"    I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy". Ross: Wow. What does that mean? Joey: No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I    guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear". Ross: Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance? Joey: Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish    of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! (Reaches out to touch the    imaginary painting). Ross: Nah ah! Nah ah! (stops him form doing so) No no no! No ad-libbing    and dude, you can't touch the paintings. Joey: Come on! you... (reaches out to touch the imaginary painting again) Ross: No! (Slaps his hand) [Scene: The Fertility Clinic; Chandler walks out one of the rooms] Chandler: (To the nurse at the nurses' station) My specimen is in the    room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there.    Really helped speed the process along! (walks towards the common area and sees    Janice is still there) Janice! You're not... gone? Janice: Oh! Sid is still in his room. I don't allow porn at home so    this is like a vacation for him. So did you do it? Did you make your deposit? Chandler: Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over! Janice: That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes    next, I mean aren't you worried about the results? Chandler: I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet...    I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok. Janice: Oh! Well, you know what? It probably is. Chandler: (Slightly panicky) Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there    is a reason why we can't have a baby? Janice: Oh, Chandler, look. You and Monica are meant to have children.    I am sure it's gonna be just fine. Chandler: (smiling again) oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe    I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to...    come here and do... 'that'... Janice: What, you can do it in the parking lot of a Taco Bell, but you    can't do it at a doctor's office? Chandler: (stares at her intently, then yells) It was a "Wendy's!!    " [Scene: Phoebe and Rachel at the Spa. Phoebe is still massaging    Rachel] Phoebe: (Singing) "Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is    the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking! (looks annoyed) Rachel: Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have    a friend who is a masseuse. Phoebe: Oh, Ja! Ja! Rachel: Yah! She's... uhm... not very good though... (Phoebe looks devastated) Phoebe: Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is? Rachel: I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy    fingers from playing crummy guitar... Phoebe: Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're    such a high maintenance tight ass! Rachel: (now lifts her head) Phoebe!! Phoebe: You know it's me? Rachel: For like a half an hour! Man, you can lie about Sweden! Phoebe: How can you come here? Rachel: How could you not tell me you worked here? Phoebe: I don't have to tell you everything! Rachel: Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel guilty for getting    a free massage! Phoebe: Tips not included. Rachel: Oh! Phoebe, why did you lie to me about working here? Phoebe: Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then    they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know...    you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh!    paying taxes! Rachel: Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there    right now and quit! Be true to what you believe in! Honey, you have principles    and I so admire that! I don't have any! Phoebe: You know what? You are right. I am gonna quit. It's time    I took my life back! Rachel: Good for you Pheebs! Phoebe: Ok. Phoebe: Okay (walks out and closes the door behind her, looks up and    whispers) If you guys have microphones in there too, I didn't mean any    of that. I love you. [Scene: Central Perk. Ross is playing some shoot'em up game on    his laptop] Ross: Haha! Got ya! Die, die, die! (Charlie walks in.)  Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor    R. Geller. (hits &lt;return&gt;, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the    sofa) Hey! Charlie: Hi! Ross: Hey, how was the Met? Charlie: The museum was amazing! Ross: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh? Charlie: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to    say, and some of it didn't even make any sense. Ross: What do you mean? Charlie: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere    around. Ross: (perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked    into the Met, did you go to the right? Charlie: No, we went to the left. Ross: (shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like    you guys are having a great time together. Charlie: Yeah, it's fun (hesitating). Ross: What? Charlie: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really    know me that well; it would be weird. Ross: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on. Charlie: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy    to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common    with. You know what I mean? Ross: (slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey    a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about    art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else. Charlie: Yeah, I guess that's true. Ross: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all    that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You    know, that's the kind of guy Joey is. Charlie: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot! Ross: That was going to be my next argument. (Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
Chandler: I'd love to stay, but I have eh... (points at the cup) got    a hot date... (starts to leave)
Chandler: (disgusted) I think it just fell off. (Leaves)
Chandler: (To the nurse at the nurses' station) My specimen is in the    room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there.    Really helped speed the process along! (walks towards the common area and sees    Janice is still there) Janice! You're not... gone?
Chandler: Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over!
Chandler: I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet...    I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok.
Chandler: (Slightly panicky) Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there    is a reason why we can't have a baby?
Chandler: (smiling again) oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe    I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to...    come here and do... 'that'...
Chandler: (stares at her intently, then yells) It was a "Wendy's!!    "
(Charlie walks in.)  Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor    R. Geller. (hits &lt;return&gt;, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the    sofa) Hey! Charlie: Hi! Ross: Hey, how was the Met? Charlie: The museum was amazing! Ross: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh? Charlie: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to    say, and some of it didn't even make any sense. Ross: What do you mean? Charlie: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere    around. Ross: (perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked    into the Met, did you go to the right? Charlie: No, we went to the left. Ross: (shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like    you guys are having a great time together. Charlie: Yeah, it's fun (hesitating). Ross: What? Charlie: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really    know me that well; it would be weird. Ross: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on. Charlie: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy    to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common    with. You know what I mean? Ross: (slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey    a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about    art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else. Charlie: Yeah, I guess that's true. Ross: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all    that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You    know, that's the kind of guy Joey is. Charlie: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot! Ross: That was going to be my next argument. (Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
(Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now.
(phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up)
(Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called.
Chandler: Actually it's both of us.
Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment.
Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means...
Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us.
Chandler: I'm sorry.
Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out.
Chandler: (looking at the picture of the female reproductive system) Wow! Fortunately she has a very pretty face!
Chandler: Oh, I can't believe my sperm have low motility because, let me tell you, when I was growing up they sure seem to be in a hurry to get places!!
Chandler: Hi.
Chandler: Oh, DAMN IT!
Chandler: Is that a hint? Because we love you Doctor Connelly but we don't think we'd want you to be our child! (Dr. Connelly glares at him) Wow, talking about an inhospitable environment!
Chandler: (entering) Hey guys!
Chandler: I think I can safely say that we all have family issues, work stuff and/or are sick.
Chandler: But you come first!
Chandler: (sitting down on the couch) Ok.
Chandler: Not as much fun as last time. Apparently you only get porn if you're giving a sperm sample.
Chandler: Well... there's surrogacy, but Monica has dreamt her whole life of carrying a child, she has felt that watching a surrogate would be... too hard for her.
Chandler: Yeah.
Chandler: Aside from adoption the only other choice is insemination, so... we're talking about sperm donors.
Chandler: (stopping Joey) ah-ha!
Chandler: I wish there was an easier way for us to have a child but I don't think there is one.
Chandler: Hey! Look I brought a friend for dinner, this is Zack, from work!
Chandler: You guys haven't actually met before, but, boy! You're both polite! (pause) Go to have a seat Zack, and I'll get you a beer.
Chandler: (to Mon) So, Zack's pretty nice, uh?
Chandler: So, how would you like to have a baby that's half yours and half his!
Chandler: Well, we're talking about sperm donors and Zack may be the guy! I mean, look, he's intelligent, he's healthy, he's athletic, I mean, he is "spermtastic"!
Chandler: No, I invited him to dinner so you could get a chance to get to know him! I mean, if we go through a sperm bank you never meet the guy, get to check him out.
Chandler: I'm telling you, he's great! I mean, even if my sperm worked fine, I'd think he'd be the way to go!
Chandler: Ok!
Chandler: (bringing the beer to Zack) Zack!
Chandler: So what do you think? I want that guys genes for my kid! Those eyes, those cheeckbones!
Chandler: You don't like him.
Chandler: Alright! Just follow my lead!
Chandler: Oh! Thanks, I'm crazy about our place. Hey! speaking of crazy... do you have a history of mental illness in the family?
Chandler: (very seriously) That's really not the kind of thing we are looking for Zack.
Chandler: You know what's not funny? Male Pattern Baldness (Monica stretches her neck to look behind Zack's head and then gives Chandler an "ok" sign)
Monica &amp; Chandler: Sure! Alright...
Chandler: I noticed you were enjoying that Ravioli with a beautiful set of teeth. Did you have braces as a child?
Chandler: (Proceeding with his dinner) We're teeth people Zack!
Chandler: You sure you don't wanna stick around a little longer?
Chandler: Are you just tired now or are you always tired, 'cause that could be a sign of clinical depression.
Chandler: Ok.
Chandler: I think we've found our sperm!
Chandler: Yeah, you think so, well? Should I ask him?
Chandler: Why not, just because his great-grandmother was obese, our kids are gonna get that from you anyway!
Chandler: Yeah, he's better!
Chandler: Really? Are you sure?
Chandler: (sighs with relief) Thank God, because I don't wanna do this either. You know, I was just doing because I thought that was what you wanted to do. You know, I'm the husband, I'm supposed to... bring the sperm.
Chandler: So you know this leaves us with...
Chandler: How do you feel about that?
Chandler: Me too. I wanna find a baby that needs a home and I wanna raise it with you. And I wanna mess it up in our own specific way.
Chandler: (smiling) Yeah.
Chandler: We are gonna be great parents.
Chandler: Wait, if we're lucky, and we're really really really quiet, we may be able to hear the sound of a condom breaking!
Chandler: Hey, Zack!
Chandler: Look, I just wanted to apologize for last night. I got the feeling we made you a little uncomfortable.
Chandler: Really?
Chandler: My wife and I have some boundary issues, you know, sometimes we ask inappropriate questions. We're working on it.
Chandler: You wouldn't know if Jeanette's planning on keeping her baby, would ya?
Chandler: Yeah Ross, I mean... we're excited to hear the speech but the rest of the time we're gonna wanna do, you know, "island's stuff".
Chandler: Yeah, that's the same as "it has something to do with wind".
Chandler: (upset) She does?
Chandler: I wouldn't read too much into it.
Chandler: David, let me stop you there 'cause I think I see where this is going. I'm not very good at giving advice. So if you want advice, go to Ross, Monica, or... Joey, if the thing you wanna advice about is pizza toppings or burning sensation when you pee.
Chandler: Seriously, we're gonna do this?
Chandler: Oh, because his penis was too big. (he notices that David is not amused) Oh, I'm sorry, that's the kind of thing I do. (pause) They broke up because Mike didn't want to get married. Hey, what if you just let Phoebe know you'd be open to marriage?
Chandler: What?
Chandler: I didn't mean now...
Chandler: Well, you're welcome! Glad I could help.
Chandler: David, I'm pretending to read here!!
Chandler: (smiling cheekily) I do! Want a hint? huh? "I do" (Monica looks confused, so Chandler repeats) "I do".
Chandler: David is going to propose to Phoebe.
Chandler: Be-cause, we were talking about ways that he could beat Mike and I told him that Phoebe wanted to get married.
Chandler: I did! A penis one! Look, just so I know, what was so wrong about what I said?
Chandler: Man, that's some bad advice!
Chandler: That's why our honeymoon photos look like me and Diana Ross!
Chandler: Tonight?! (looks at the ring) Isn't an engagement ring supposed to have a diamond? (squints at the ring to emphasize how tiny the diamond is) Oh, there it is!
Chandler: (slaps him on the shoulder) Nice! (goes to Monica)
Chandler: Monica, can I talk to you for a sec? (Pulls her away from Phoebe and Rachel)
Chandler: David is going to propose to Phoebe tonight!
Chandler: That would be advice!!
Chandler: Oh, is it on the computer, cuz I'd love to give it a read...?
Chandler: (offended) What? (pause) May I?
Chandler: (at the laptop) Oh, no, no, no dear God, no!
Chandler: Your computer, I don't know wha... everything's gone!
Chandler: It must be a virus. I think it erased your hard drive.
Chandler: Someone I don't know sent me an e-mail and I opened it.
Chandler: Well, it didn't say "This is a virus"!!
Chandler: Nude... (Ross looks at him)... pictures of Anna Kournikova. I'm so sorry.
Chandler: It's not gone! I mean, I'm sure you printed out a copy. You have a hard copy, right?
Chandler: Well, you must be pretty mad at yourself right now...!
Chandler: I just feel awful.
Chandler: Well, I tried Billy Jean King, but... (Ross glares at him) you know, you and Monica have the same "I'm gonna kill you" look...? I can usually make it go away by kissing her... (Ross continues to glare at him and Chandler leans in as if he's going to kiss Ross)
Chandler: (pretending not to sense the tone) Oooh! I hope you're happy too, honey!
Chandler: Phoebe is going to say "yes"? That's, that's great!
Chandler: And there's not chance that will work?
Chandler: (pointing at her) Oooooooh! Meddler! Meddler!
Chandler: This vacation sucks!!
Chandler: You know, it's very hard to take you seriously when you look like that.
Chandler: I think we have some time. Have you ever heard him talk? (doing David) "Uh, Phoebe, uh, I would be honoured, uh..." Spit it out, David!
Chandler: I wouldn't brag too much about that thing, big guy.
Chandler: Oh, ain't this nice? It's so quiet, I could just lie here all day.
Chandler: I'm so glad we've got adjoining rooms!
Chandler: Hey! Remember when I had corneas?
Chandler: Ladies? Ross's speech is in 45 minutes.
Chandler: (to a paleontologist sitting next to him) Not to mention the cold sores.
Chandler: (to the one sitting next to him) Really?
Chandler: I don't think so!
Chandler: Because you know how competitive you get and well, I say it's cute, others disagree, and I'm lying!
Chandler: Oh, yeah? What happened when we played last time?
Chandler: And...?
Chandler: I'm not playing with you.
Chandler: She gets crazy! This scar (points to his forehead) is from Pictionary!
Chandler: (nearly whispering) Oh dear God, there's two of them!
Chandler: (to Phoebe) Did you know this about him?
Chandler: (interrupting her) OK!
Chandler: Honey, try to focus the trash talk on him!
Chandler: (to Phoebe) Do you really find this attractive on him?
Chandler: I think this is the first time in our marriage that I've felt like the more attractive one.
Chandler: Okay-dokay, you've each won a game and I've lost what's felt like a year of my life. So everybody goes home a winner.
Chandler: Should I use my invisibility to fight crime or for evil?
Chandler: (exhausted) Ok, look! Enough is enough!
Chandler: Monica, that was also true an hour ago! I mean, please, look at you! Your hand is blistered, you can barely stand, your hair is inexplicable! Ok, you've already proven you are just as good as he is, now we've missed our dinner reservations, so now let's just go upstairs, order room service, take a shower and shave your head!
Chandler: But...
Chandler: What about the obsessive cleaning?
Chandler: You ok?
Chandler: No, you didn't.
Chandler: Because I'm gonna play for ya.
Chandler: (In a loving voice) Yes, I do. Now, I may not understand why you have to win so badly, but if it's important to you then it's important to me, because I love you.
Chandler: (Still in a loving voice) You're welcome, sweetheart.
Chandler: All right Mike, let's get this over with. Sudden death. Whoever wins this point, wins.
Chandler: And that's... how... it's done!
Chandler: I never sucked, I actually didn't want you to know how good I was!
Chandler: I don't know.
Chandler: That's why!
Written by: Brian Buckner   Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment] Chandler: So, you and Rachel tonight, huh? Joey: Yeah. It's actually our first official date  Chandler: Wow! So tonight may be the night! You're nervous? Joey: Naa, no. This is the part I'm actually good at. Chandler: What must it be like not to be crippled by fear   and self-loathing. Joey: (pause) It's OK! Chandler: How can you be so confident? Joey: Well, I... I know exactly what I'm gonna do! Chandler: Really? Like you have a routine? Joey: No, no no no no. See. Each woman is different.You have   to appreciate their uniqueness. Chandler: Really? Joey: No, I do six things! First, I look deep in her eyes.   Then, I kiss her. Next I take my hand and I softly graze her thigh. Chandler: You mean like this? (he starts touching his thigh   in a funny and awkard way) Joey: NO! Not like that, no no. No, like this. (He starts   lightly grazing Chandler's thigh) Chandler: Oh, I see what you mean, that's quite nice. (They   look at each other, both embarassed) Joey: More foosball? Chandler: ...and beer!!  OPENING CREDITS  [Scene:Central Perk. Ross and Chandler are on the couch] Monica: (entering) Hey! Ross and Chandler: Hey! Monica: (to Chandler) Hey sweetie! (they   kiss) Ross: (looking at Monica's legs) WOW! Chandler: Hey! Stop staring at my wife's legs! No no! Stop   staring at your sister's legs! Ross: I'm sorry, it's just... how did you get so tan? Chandler: She went on one of those spray-on tan places. Ross: Eh, you got a spray-on tan? Monica: Chandler gets pedicures! Ross: (laughing) Why, why you do, like with the-the toe separators? Chandler: (To Monica) Why...why? Ross: Still, I can't believe that's sprayed on... I mean,   it looks really good. I wonder if I should get one! Chandler: Sure, then you should get a mini skirt so you can   really show it off. Ross: So, do you get colours or just French tips? Monica: There. Here's their card. Ross: Thanks. (he takes the card) Hey, I know where this   place is! It used to be an X-rated video... (pauses when he realizes what he   is saying) florist. (he goes away) (Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Hey! Chandler: Hey Pheebs! Monica: Hey Phoebe! Phoebe: Oh, you won't believe who moved back to town. Monica: I know, Amanda! Ah! She called me   too! She's the worst! Chandler: Who's Amanda? Monica: She's this girl who used to live   in the building before you did. Then she moved to England and she picked up   this fake British accent. On the machine this is her message. (she apes Amanda   using an awful British accent) "Monica, darling! It's Amanda calling!" Chandler: Are you trying to do a British accent? Monica: (pause) (to Phoebe) Chandler gets   pedicures! Chandler: Just so I know, how many more of those can I expect? Phoebe: You know what Amanda said to me when she got me on   the phone? (apes Amanda in a british accent) "Oh, so sorry to catch you   on your Mo-Bile!" If-if you don't wanna get me on my mo-Bile, don't call   me on my mo-Bile!" Monica: I know, and she's always bragging   about all the famous people she's met. Phoebe: Oh, I know! "Oh...I slept with Billy Joel".   All right, who hasn't? Monica: Oh, what are we gonna do! I don't   wanna see her!! Phoebe: Ugh, Let's just cut her out! Monica: What? Phoebe: Cut her out of our lives! Just ignore her calls and   dodge her 'till she gets the point! Monica: Oh, I guess we could try that, but...   it seems so harsh! (to Chandler) Have you ever done that? Chandler: No, had it done to me though. Feels good !  [Scene: At the tanning salon. Ross and a male assistant are   walking through a hall] Assistant: Alright Mr. Geller! Right this way! So, how dark do you wanna be? We have one, two or three. Ross: Well... I like how you look, what are you? Assistant: Puerto Rican. Ross: Two, I think a two. Assistant: You've got to face the red light.   When the red light goes on the spraying is about to start so close your eyes.   When the spraying stops, count to five. Pat yourself down to avoid drip marks   then turn around so we can get your back. Got it? Ross: Spray, count, pat, then turn, spray, count and pat. Assistant: Wow, you catch on quick. Ross: Well, I have a PhD, so... (assistant walk out, not   impressed by this statement)   (Ross takes his bathrobe off and he enters the tanning booth. He stands up   in front of the red light and the sprayer starts and sprays his face and torso) Ross: One Mississipi, two Mississipi, Three Mis...(the sprayer   starts again, spraying him in the face and torso again) WAIT! WAIT! I'm not-I've   not finished counting!! (he leaves the booth) (the assistant enters the room) Ross: You sprayed my front twice! Assistant: You've never turned?  Ross: No, I barely even   got to three Mississippi.  Assistant: Mississippi? I said count to   five'! Ross: Mississippilesly? (pause) Well, how   bad is it? Assistant: Ain't that bad yet, but it keeps   getting darker for the next four hours. Ross: So, how dark is it   gonna get? Assistant: You got sprayed with two two'   s and... Ross: I'm a four? Assistant: Yeah, but you're back's a zero.   You're gonna wanna even that out. Ross: (sarcastically) Really! Assistant: You might wanna get back in there. Ross: (annoyed) Ok! (The assistant leaves and Ross goes back in the spray-on tan booth and turns   his back to the spray nozzles, facing the back wall) Ross: Wait, wait a minute, there's no light   on the back wall! How do I know when it's gonna start? Hello? (he slowly turns   and the spraying begins, on his face) Ah, oh, ah! (he turns, but then he turns   again and is sprayed in the front again) Ah! (he spits and angrily goes out   of the spray-on tan booth and the assistant enters the room) The same thing   happened again! Assistant: You got two more twos? Ross: (hysterically) I'm an eight! [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Joey and Rachel enter the room] Rachel: Thanks for dinner. Joey: I thought you paid. (Rachel does not answer and seems   puzzled) Ha, guess we won’t be going back there! Rachel: So. Joey: Yeah. (Joey and Rachel start kissing) Joey: Hey what do you say, we move this onto the likes of   the couch? Rachel: I say ‘cheesy line’, but ok. (They move on the couch and start kissing again. Joey does his grazing on   Rachel’s thigh and she slaps his hand) Joey: What’s the matter? Rachel: I am sorry, I don’t know, I am sorry, I don’t   know why I did that! Joey and Rachel: Okay Rachel: Ok, so sorry. (They start kissing again and, when Joey grazes her thigh, she slaps him on   his hand again) Rachel: I am sorry! Again... I don't know, I don’t   know what happened, I must be nervous! Joey: I don’t get it, Chandler loved it! Rachel: Ok, ok, ok. I promise, I promise, I promise, I won’t   do it again. I really do. I promise. This is gonna be great. Joey: Ok. (They start kissing again and when Joey grazes, she slaps him three times,   on the hand, and on both cheeks) Joey: (a little giddy) Uh, was that good for you? [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Monica and Phoebe are reading   magazines when the phone rings and Phoebe reaches to pick it up] Monica: (to Phoebe) No, no, don’t get it. Let the machine pick up. Phoebe: Oh, yeah. Could be Rachel asking if someone could   baby-sit again. Monica: It could be Amanda! Phoebe: Oh, you’re right! I was just kidding about   Rachel. Babysitting is a gas! (The machine picks up the phone) Amanda: Hello Monica. It’s Amanda calling again. I   am in the neighborhood hoping I can pop by your flat! Monica: You're from Yonkers! Your last name   is Buffo-Martisis! Amanda: Let’s see.. to assure you get this directly,   ring me back on my mobile. Phoebe: Ok, don’t hold thy breath! (Sound of dialing numbers is heard from the speaker of the machine) Chandler: Hello? Is someone on the line? Amanda: Yes, I was looking for Monica. Chandler: Hang on, she’s right here. (he enters the   living room and hands the phone to Monica) Someone's on the phone, for ya. Monica: We weren’t picking up, it’s   Amanda! Chandler: (to Amanda) I get pedicures! Monica: Hi Amanda! Actually now... it’s...   is not a good time. Dinner tomorrow night? (Phoebe mouths 'no') Ok, Phoebe   and I will see you then! Phoebe: Why, why, why didn’t you just say no! Monica: Well, I said 'no' to her coming   over now! I couldn’t say 'no' twice! I get this uncontrollable need to   please people! Phoebe: (leaving) Fine, fine! You would not hold up well   under torture! Monica: And you would? Phoebe: I did! [scene: Joey’s apartment. Joey and Rachel are sitting   on the couch] Joey: Rach, you sure you wanna do this? Rachel: Absolutely! Absolutely. I d... it’s just a   little weird, it’s you, and it’s me, it's just gonna take some   getting used to. Joey: Ok. Well, how, how can we make it easier? Rachel: Ok, let’s work from the top down! (Joey nods,   but then puzzled because he does not get it) Just work the bra, Joe! Joey: Ok, yeah, got it. Rachel and Joey: Okay. (They start kissing and Joey starts to undo her bra, but fails completely) Joey: This thing welded shut?! Rachel: Okay. Joey: All right, turn around, I got to get a look at this   thing. Rachel: Oh! (Joey starts trying to undo her bra, but it won’t go.The elastic band   snaps back, hurting Rachel.) Rachel: Ow! Joey: Sorry! Rachel: Well this is romantic! Joey: I'm sorry! (He stands up) This never happened to me   before! I'm an expert at taking off bras! I can do it with one hand! I can   do it with my eyes closed! One time I just looked at one, and it popped open!   I blame your bra! Rachel: It’s a standard issue bra clasp! Joey: Then I blame you! Yeah! That's right! You threw me   off with all your slapping! Rachel: Ok well, well I'm really, I'm sorry about that Joey,   but do you think that maybe on some level, you don't want to take   off my bra? Joey: (contemplates for a few moments what Rachel just said)   NAH! I don't have another level!!  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] (Chandler is at the table reading; Monica puts some food for him on the table. Ross walks in looking very tanned. Chandler and Monica look up at him smiling.)  Chandler: Hold on! There is something different. Ross: I went to that tanning place your wife suggested. Chandler: Was that place... The Sun? Ross: Oh! And it gets worse! (Turns his side to Chandler   and Monica and pulls up his shirt. There's a distinct line across his body,   where his belly is very tanned and his back is very pale.) Chandler: Oh My God! You can do a duet of Ebony and Ivory   all by yourself! Monica: How could you mess this up? It's   so easy? You go into the booth, you count to five and you turn around!! Ross: (looks at her suspiciously) How do you count to five? Monica: One Two Three... Ross: (Yells) Damnit! (Goes to the door to leave. Rachel   just enters, sees him and starts laughing) Rachel: (laughing) oooh! Oh oh! Ross: (Still yelling) I Know! Rachel: oh oh! What is up with Miss Hawaiian Tropic? Chandler: How was your date with Joey? Rachel: Well, it was good.. until we got back to our apartment,   and then we were fooling around and he started to put his hand up my leg and   I kept slapping it away! Chandler: You didn't like that? Rachel: Well, it wasn't just me, alright? He freaked out   too! He couldn't even undo my bra! Monica: Wow, really? One time he just looked   at my bra and it popped open. (Chandler starts looking at her bra) Rachel: I do not know what's wrong with us, I mean, we have   kissed before and that's been great! But this time it was leading somewhere   and I was very aware of the fact that it was Joey touching me. Monica: Well, you guys have been friends   forever. Remember the first time that you kissed Ross? How weird that was?   You couldn't stop laughing? You got through that. Rachel: (looking thoughtful) Ok, that's true. That's true,   we can do this. You're right, you're right, we can do this. We're just gonna   power through! (Joey walks in) Joey: Hey Chandler can I talk to you for a second (points   to the hall). Rachel: (To Joey) No need!! Problem solved, we are powering through   (At which point she grabs his hand and pulls him back to their apartment). (Chandler resumes staring at Monica's bra) Monica: (sees what he is doing) Chandler,   stop! It is not going to pop open! Chandler: (without taking his eyes off the bra) You don't   know! (Monica just smiles) [Scene: Central Perk.] (Phoebe is sitting on the couch. Monica walks in.) Monica: Hey Phoebe! Phoebe: Hey! Monica: Is Amanda here yet? Phoebe: No. Monica: (sits down) Oh good. Good, look   I'm so sorry, for screwing up that cutting-her-out plan. But I have a new plan.   Chandler agreed to call here in a few minutes with an emergency. Phoebe: Oh! Well, what kind of emergency that gets us both   out of here? Monica: Well, what do you think of Mike   and Chandler being in a car accident? Phoebe: (makes a face) Are you kidding, I love it! (A blonde woman walks in. Supposedly Amanda) Phoebe: Hi! Monica: Hi! Amanda: Hi! (Phoebe and Amanda hug) Amanda: (To Monica) Hello! (Monica holds her hands out for a hug, but instead of hugging her, Amanda   hangs her purse on one of Monica's extended arms.) Amanda: (In a fake British accent) It's so nice to see you!   Both of you! Look at me. Look how young I look! (gives her coat to Monica as   well) Oh gosh! We have so much to catch up on! But first things first: touch   my abs (at which point she grabs both Phoebe and Monica's hands and places   them both on her stomach) I don't exercise at all! (she pulls them down to   sit.) Oh gosh, so Monica, you're married! Monica: (beaming) Yeah! Yeah! His name is   Chandler and... Amanda: (To Phoebe) Smell my neck! (Phoebe does so) It's   not perfume! It's me! It's my natural scent! (Monica looks shocked) Phoebe: Musty! Amanda: Oh! Gosh! This is brilliant. Gosh, it's just like   old times. I'm so happy you two are friends again! Monica: When were we not friends? Amanda: Well, it was 1992, and I remember because that was   the year I had sex with Evil Knievel (She starts laughing very proudly). Monica: Ehm, we were friends in 1992. Amanda: (to Phoebe) No I distinctly remember you were dodging   her (points at Monica) calls and trying to avoid seeing her.  Monica: (To Phoebe) You were going to cut   me out? Phoebe: Well...kinda. Monica: Oh My God! Amanda: Oh! Bugger. Should I not have said that? I feel like   a perfect arse! Phoebe: Yeah well, in America you're just an "ass". (Monica's mobile starts ringing. She picks it up.) Monica: (Into the phone) Hello? Chandler,   what's wrong? (She listens) Oh my God, are you alright? (listens some more)   Yeah, I'll be right there. (She hangs up and speaks to Amanda) I'm so sorry,   but Chandler was in a car accident. (She gets up) Phoebe: (Also gets up and starts taking her purse) Oh my   God. Was Mike with him? Monica: Nope! (She turns and leaves) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Joey comes running in.) Joey: (To Rachel) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Got champagne? Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through! Rachel: Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone   is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove   her bra from under her clothes)... Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)  Rachel: Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very   sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright!   Lets do it! Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit. Rachel: Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She   pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like   that huh? Joey: Oh! yeah! Rachel: You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively,   putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She   pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between   his legs and begins to kiss his neck.) Joey: uh uh! Rachel: Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it! Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters! Rachel: What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok? Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Chandler: So, you and Rachel tonight, huh?
Chandler: Wow! So tonight may be the night! You're nervous?
Chandler: What must it be like not to be crippled by fear   and self-loathing.
Chandler: How can you be so confident?
Chandler: Really? Like you have a routine?
Chandler: Really?
Chandler: You mean like this? (he starts touching his thigh   in a funny and awkard way)
Chandler: Oh, I see what you mean, that's quite nice. (They   look at each other, both embarassed)
Chandler: ...and beer!!
Ross and Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Hey! Stop staring at my wife's legs! No no! Stop   staring at your sister's legs!
Chandler: She went on one of those spray-on tan places.
Chandler: (To Monica) Why...why?
Chandler: Sure, then you should get a mini skirt so you can   really show it off.
Chandler: Hey Pheebs!
Chandler: Who's Amanda?
Chandler: Are you trying to do a British accent?
Chandler: Just so I know, how many more of those can I expect?
Chandler: No, had it done to me though. Feels good ! 
Joey: (a little giddy) Uh, was that good for you? [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Monica and Phoebe are reading   magazines when the phone rings and Phoebe reaches to pick it up] Monica: (to Phoebe) No, no, don’t get it. Let the machine pick up. Phoebe: Oh, yeah. Could be Rachel asking if someone could   baby-sit again. Monica: It could be Amanda! Phoebe: Oh, you’re right! I was just kidding about   Rachel. Babysitting is a gas! (The machine picks up the phone) Amanda: Hello Monica. It’s Amanda calling again. I   am in the neighborhood hoping I can pop by your flat! Monica: You're from Yonkers! Your last name   is Buffo-Martisis! Amanda: Let’s see.. to assure you get this directly,   ring me back on my mobile. Phoebe: Ok, don’t hold thy breath! (Sound of dialing numbers is heard from the speaker of the machine) Chandler: Hello? Is someone on the line? Amanda: Yes, I was looking for Monica. Chandler: Hang on, she’s right here. (he enters the   living room and hands the phone to Monica) Someone's on the phone, for ya. Monica: We weren’t picking up, it’s   Amanda! Chandler: (to Amanda) I get pedicures! Monica: Hi Amanda! Actually now... it’s...   is not a good time. Dinner tomorrow night? (Phoebe mouths 'no') Ok, Phoebe   and I will see you then! Phoebe: Why, why, why didn’t you just say no! Monica: Well, I said 'no' to her coming   over now! I couldn’t say 'no' twice! I get this uncontrollable need to   please people! Phoebe: (leaving) Fine, fine! You would not hold up well   under torture! Monica: And you would? Phoebe: I did! [scene: Joey’s apartment. Joey and Rachel are sitting   on the couch] Joey: Rach, you sure you wanna do this? Rachel: Absolutely! Absolutely. I d... it’s just a   little weird, it’s you, and it’s me, it's just gonna take some   getting used to. Joey: Ok. Well, how, how can we make it easier? Rachel: Ok, let’s work from the top down! (Joey nods,   but then puzzled because he does not get it) Just work the bra, Joe! Joey: Ok, yeah, got it. Rachel and Joey: Okay. (They start kissing and Joey starts to undo her bra, but fails completely) Joey: This thing welded shut?! Rachel: Okay. Joey: All right, turn around, I got to get a look at this   thing. Rachel: Oh! (Joey starts trying to undo her bra, but it won’t go.The elastic band   snaps back, hurting Rachel.) Rachel: Ow! Joey: Sorry! Rachel: Well this is romantic! Joey: I'm sorry! (He stands up) This never happened to me   before! I'm an expert at taking off bras! I can do it with one hand! I can   do it with my eyes closed! One time I just looked at one, and it popped open!   I blame your bra! Rachel: It’s a standard issue bra clasp! Joey: Then I blame you! Yeah! That's right! You threw me   off with all your slapping! Rachel: Ok well, well I'm really, I'm sorry about that Joey,   but do you think that maybe on some level, you don't want to take   off my bra? Joey: (contemplates for a few moments what Rachel just said)   NAH! I don't have another level!!  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] (Chandler is at the table reading; Monica puts some food for him on the table. Ross walks in looking very tanned. Chandler and Monica look up at him smiling.)  Chandler: Hold on! There is something different. Ross: I went to that tanning place your wife suggested. Chandler: Was that place... The Sun? Ross: Oh! And it gets worse! (Turns his side to Chandler   and Monica and pulls up his shirt. There's a distinct line across his body,   where his belly is very tanned and his back is very pale.) Chandler: Oh My God! You can do a duet of Ebony and Ivory   all by yourself! Monica: How could you mess this up? It's   so easy? You go into the booth, you count to five and you turn around!! Ross: (looks at her suspiciously) How do you count to five? Monica: One Two Three... Ross: (Yells) Damnit! (Goes to the door to leave. Rachel   just enters, sees him and starts laughing) Rachel: (laughing) oooh! Oh oh! Ross: (Still yelling) I Know! Rachel: oh oh! What is up with Miss Hawaiian Tropic? Chandler: How was your date with Joey? Rachel: Well, it was good.. until we got back to our apartment,   and then we were fooling around and he started to put his hand up my leg and   I kept slapping it away! Chandler: You didn't like that? Rachel: Well, it wasn't just me, alright? He freaked out   too! He couldn't even undo my bra! Monica: Wow, really? One time he just looked   at my bra and it popped open. (Chandler starts looking at her bra) Rachel: I do not know what's wrong with us, I mean, we have   kissed before and that's been great! But this time it was leading somewhere   and I was very aware of the fact that it was Joey touching me. Monica: Well, you guys have been friends   forever. Remember the first time that you kissed Ross? How weird that was?   You couldn't stop laughing? You got through that. Rachel: (looking thoughtful) Ok, that's true. That's true,   we can do this. You're right, you're right, we can do this. We're just gonna   power through! (Joey walks in) Joey: Hey Chandler can I talk to you for a second (points   to the hall). Rachel: (To Joey) No need!! Problem solved, we are powering through   (At which point she grabs his hand and pulls him back to their apartment). (Chandler resumes staring at Monica's bra) Monica: (sees what he is doing) Chandler,   stop! It is not going to pop open! Chandler: (without taking his eyes off the bra) You don't   know! (Monica just smiles) [Scene: Central Perk.] (Phoebe is sitting on the couch. Monica walks in.) Monica: Hey Phoebe! Phoebe: Hey! Monica: Is Amanda here yet? Phoebe: No. Monica: (sits down) Oh good. Good, look   I'm so sorry, for screwing up that cutting-her-out plan. But I have a new plan.   Chandler agreed to call here in a few minutes with an emergency. Phoebe: Oh! Well, what kind of emergency that gets us both   out of here? Monica: Well, what do you think of Mike   and Chandler being in a car accident? Phoebe: (makes a face) Are you kidding, I love it! (A blonde woman walks in. Supposedly Amanda) Phoebe: Hi! Monica: Hi! Amanda: Hi! (Phoebe and Amanda hug) Amanda: (To Monica) Hello! (Monica holds her hands out for a hug, but instead of hugging her, Amanda   hangs her purse on one of Monica's extended arms.) Amanda: (In a fake British accent) It's so nice to see you!   Both of you! Look at me. Look how young I look! (gives her coat to Monica as   well) Oh gosh! We have so much to catch up on! But first things first: touch   my abs (at which point she grabs both Phoebe and Monica's hands and places   them both on her stomach) I don't exercise at all! (she pulls them down to   sit.) Oh gosh, so Monica, you're married! Monica: (beaming) Yeah! Yeah! His name is   Chandler and... Amanda: (To Phoebe) Smell my neck! (Phoebe does so) It's   not perfume! It's me! It's my natural scent! (Monica looks shocked) Phoebe: Musty! Amanda: Oh! Gosh! This is brilliant. Gosh, it's just like   old times. I'm so happy you two are friends again! Monica: When were we not friends? Amanda: Well, it was 1992, and I remember because that was   the year I had sex with Evil Knievel (She starts laughing very proudly). Monica: Ehm, we were friends in 1992. Amanda: (to Phoebe) No I distinctly remember you were dodging   her (points at Monica) calls and trying to avoid seeing her.  Monica: (To Phoebe) You were going to cut   me out? Phoebe: Well...kinda. Monica: Oh My God! Amanda: Oh! Bugger. Should I not have said that? I feel like   a perfect arse! Phoebe: Yeah well, in America you're just an "ass". (Monica's mobile starts ringing. She picks it up.) Monica: (Into the phone) Hello? Chandler,   what's wrong? (She listens) Oh my God, are you alright? (listens some more)   Yeah, I'll be right there. (She hangs up and speaks to Amanda) I'm so sorry,   but Chandler was in a car accident. (She gets up) Phoebe: (Also gets up and starts taking her purse) Oh my   God. Was Mike with him? Monica: Nope! (She turns and leaves) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Joey comes running in.) Joey: (To Rachel) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Got champagne? Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through! Rachel: Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone   is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove   her bra from under her clothes)... Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)  Rachel: Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very   sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright!   Lets do it! Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit. Rachel: Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She   pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like   that huh? Joey: Oh! yeah! Rachel: You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively,   putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She   pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between   his legs and begins to kiss his neck.) Joey: uh uh! Rachel: Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it! Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters! Rachel: What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok? Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Chandler: Hello? Is someone on the line?
Chandler: Hang on, she’s right here. (he enters the   living room and hands the phone to Monica) Someone's on the phone, for ya.
Chandler: (to Amanda) I get pedicures!
Phoebe: I did! [scene: Joey’s apartment. Joey and Rachel are sitting   on the couch] Joey: Rach, you sure you wanna do this? Rachel: Absolutely! Absolutely. I d... it’s just a   little weird, it’s you, and it’s me, it's just gonna take some   getting used to. Joey: Ok. Well, how, how can we make it easier? Rachel: Ok, let’s work from the top down! (Joey nods,   but then puzzled because he does not get it) Just work the bra, Joe! Joey: Ok, yeah, got it. Rachel and Joey: Okay. (They start kissing and Joey starts to undo her bra, but fails completely) Joey: This thing welded shut?! Rachel: Okay. Joey: All right, turn around, I got to get a look at this   thing. Rachel: Oh! (Joey starts trying to undo her bra, but it won’t go.The elastic band   snaps back, hurting Rachel.) Rachel: Ow! Joey: Sorry! Rachel: Well this is romantic! Joey: I'm sorry! (He stands up) This never happened to me   before! I'm an expert at taking off bras! I can do it with one hand! I can   do it with my eyes closed! One time I just looked at one, and it popped open!   I blame your bra! Rachel: It’s a standard issue bra clasp! Joey: Then I blame you! Yeah! That's right! You threw me   off with all your slapping! Rachel: Ok well, well I'm really, I'm sorry about that Joey,   but do you think that maybe on some level, you don't want to take   off my bra? Joey: (contemplates for a few moments what Rachel just said)   NAH! I don't have another level!!  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] (Chandler is at the table reading; Monica puts some food for him on the table. Ross walks in looking very tanned. Chandler and Monica look up at him smiling.)  Chandler: Hold on! There is something different. Ross: I went to that tanning place your wife suggested. Chandler: Was that place... The Sun? Ross: Oh! And it gets worse! (Turns his side to Chandler   and Monica and pulls up his shirt. There's a distinct line across his body,   where his belly is very tanned and his back is very pale.) Chandler: Oh My God! You can do a duet of Ebony and Ivory   all by yourself! Monica: How could you mess this up? It's   so easy? You go into the booth, you count to five and you turn around!! Ross: (looks at her suspiciously) How do you count to five? Monica: One Two Three... Ross: (Yells) Damnit! (Goes to the door to leave. Rachel   just enters, sees him and starts laughing) Rachel: (laughing) oooh! Oh oh! Ross: (Still yelling) I Know! Rachel: oh oh! What is up with Miss Hawaiian Tropic? Chandler: How was your date with Joey? Rachel: Well, it was good.. until we got back to our apartment,   and then we were fooling around and he started to put his hand up my leg and   I kept slapping it away! Chandler: You didn't like that? Rachel: Well, it wasn't just me, alright? He freaked out   too! He couldn't even undo my bra! Monica: Wow, really? One time he just looked   at my bra and it popped open. (Chandler starts looking at her bra) Rachel: I do not know what's wrong with us, I mean, we have   kissed before and that's been great! But this time it was leading somewhere   and I was very aware of the fact that it was Joey touching me. Monica: Well, you guys have been friends   forever. Remember the first time that you kissed Ross? How weird that was?   You couldn't stop laughing? You got through that. Rachel: (looking thoughtful) Ok, that's true. That's true,   we can do this. You're right, you're right, we can do this. We're just gonna   power through! (Joey walks in) Joey: Hey Chandler can I talk to you for a second (points   to the hall). Rachel: (To Joey) No need!! Problem solved, we are powering through   (At which point she grabs his hand and pulls him back to their apartment). (Chandler resumes staring at Monica's bra) Monica: (sees what he is doing) Chandler,   stop! It is not going to pop open! Chandler: (without taking his eyes off the bra) You don't   know! (Monica just smiles) [Scene: Central Perk.] (Phoebe is sitting on the couch. Monica walks in.) Monica: Hey Phoebe! Phoebe: Hey! Monica: Is Amanda here yet? Phoebe: No. Monica: (sits down) Oh good. Good, look   I'm so sorry, for screwing up that cutting-her-out plan. But I have a new plan.   Chandler agreed to call here in a few minutes with an emergency. Phoebe: Oh! Well, what kind of emergency that gets us both   out of here? Monica: Well, what do you think of Mike   and Chandler being in a car accident? Phoebe: (makes a face) Are you kidding, I love it! (A blonde woman walks in. Supposedly Amanda) Phoebe: Hi! Monica: Hi! Amanda: Hi! (Phoebe and Amanda hug) Amanda: (To Monica) Hello! (Monica holds her hands out for a hug, but instead of hugging her, Amanda   hangs her purse on one of Monica's extended arms.) Amanda: (In a fake British accent) It's so nice to see you!   Both of you! Look at me. Look how young I look! (gives her coat to Monica as   well) Oh gosh! We have so much to catch up on! But first things first: touch   my abs (at which point she grabs both Phoebe and Monica's hands and places   them both on her stomach) I don't exercise at all! (she pulls them down to   sit.) Oh gosh, so Monica, you're married! Monica: (beaming) Yeah! Yeah! His name is   Chandler and... Amanda: (To Phoebe) Smell my neck! (Phoebe does so) It's   not perfume! It's me! It's my natural scent! (Monica looks shocked) Phoebe: Musty! Amanda: Oh! Gosh! This is brilliant. Gosh, it's just like   old times. I'm so happy you two are friends again! Monica: When were we not friends? Amanda: Well, it was 1992, and I remember because that was   the year I had sex with Evil Knievel (She starts laughing very proudly). Monica: Ehm, we were friends in 1992. Amanda: (to Phoebe) No I distinctly remember you were dodging   her (points at Monica) calls and trying to avoid seeing her.  Monica: (To Phoebe) You were going to cut   me out? Phoebe: Well...kinda. Monica: Oh My God! Amanda: Oh! Bugger. Should I not have said that? I feel like   a perfect arse! Phoebe: Yeah well, in America you're just an "ass". (Monica's mobile starts ringing. She picks it up.) Monica: (Into the phone) Hello? Chandler,   what's wrong? (She listens) Oh my God, are you alright? (listens some more)   Yeah, I'll be right there. (She hangs up and speaks to Amanda) I'm so sorry,   but Chandler was in a car accident. (She gets up) Phoebe: (Also gets up and starts taking her purse) Oh my   God. Was Mike with him? Monica: Nope! (She turns and leaves) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Joey comes running in.) Joey: (To Rachel) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Got champagne? Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through! Rachel: Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone   is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove   her bra from under her clothes)... Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)  Rachel: Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very   sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright!   Lets do it! Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit. Rachel: Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She   pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like   that huh? Joey: Oh! yeah! Rachel: You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively,   putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She   pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between   his legs and begins to kiss his neck.) Joey: uh uh! Rachel: Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it! Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters! Rachel: What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok? Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Joey: (contemplates for a few moments what Rachel just said)   NAH! I don't have another level!!  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] (Chandler is at the table reading; Monica puts some food for him on the table. Ross walks in looking very tanned. Chandler and Monica look up at him smiling.)  Chandler: Hold on! There is something different. Ross: I went to that tanning place your wife suggested. Chandler: Was that place... The Sun? Ross: Oh! And it gets worse! (Turns his side to Chandler   and Monica and pulls up his shirt. There's a distinct line across his body,   where his belly is very tanned and his back is very pale.) Chandler: Oh My God! You can do a duet of Ebony and Ivory   all by yourself! Monica: How could you mess this up? It's   so easy? You go into the booth, you count to five and you turn around!! Ross: (looks at her suspiciously) How do you count to five? Monica: One Two Three... Ross: (Yells) Damnit! (Goes to the door to leave. Rachel   just enters, sees him and starts laughing) Rachel: (laughing) oooh! Oh oh! Ross: (Still yelling) I Know! Rachel: oh oh! What is up with Miss Hawaiian Tropic? Chandler: How was your date with Joey? Rachel: Well, it was good.. until we got back to our apartment,   and then we were fooling around and he started to put his hand up my leg and   I kept slapping it away! Chandler: You didn't like that? Rachel: Well, it wasn't just me, alright? He freaked out   too! He couldn't even undo my bra! Monica: Wow, really? One time he just looked   at my bra and it popped open. (Chandler starts looking at her bra) Rachel: I do not know what's wrong with us, I mean, we have   kissed before and that's been great! But this time it was leading somewhere   and I was very aware of the fact that it was Joey touching me. Monica: Well, you guys have been friends   forever. Remember the first time that you kissed Ross? How weird that was?   You couldn't stop laughing? You got through that. Rachel: (looking thoughtful) Ok, that's true. That's true,   we can do this. You're right, you're right, we can do this. We're just gonna   power through! (Joey walks in) Joey: Hey Chandler can I talk to you for a second (points   to the hall). Rachel: (To Joey) No need!! Problem solved, we are powering through   (At which point she grabs his hand and pulls him back to their apartment). (Chandler resumes staring at Monica's bra) Monica: (sees what he is doing) Chandler,   stop! It is not going to pop open! Chandler: (without taking his eyes off the bra) You don't   know! (Monica just smiles) [Scene: Central Perk.] (Phoebe is sitting on the couch. Monica walks in.) Monica: Hey Phoebe! Phoebe: Hey! Monica: Is Amanda here yet? Phoebe: No. Monica: (sits down) Oh good. Good, look   I'm so sorry, for screwing up that cutting-her-out plan. But I have a new plan.   Chandler agreed to call here in a few minutes with an emergency. Phoebe: Oh! Well, what kind of emergency that gets us both   out of here? Monica: Well, what do you think of Mike   and Chandler being in a car accident? Phoebe: (makes a face) Are you kidding, I love it! (A blonde woman walks in. Supposedly Amanda) Phoebe: Hi! Monica: Hi! Amanda: Hi! (Phoebe and Amanda hug) Amanda: (To Monica) Hello! (Monica holds her hands out for a hug, but instead of hugging her, Amanda   hangs her purse on one of Monica's extended arms.) Amanda: (In a fake British accent) It's so nice to see you!   Both of you! Look at me. Look how young I look! (gives her coat to Monica as   well) Oh gosh! We have so much to catch up on! But first things first: touch   my abs (at which point she grabs both Phoebe and Monica's hands and places   them both on her stomach) I don't exercise at all! (she pulls them down to   sit.) Oh gosh, so Monica, you're married! Monica: (beaming) Yeah! Yeah! His name is   Chandler and... Amanda: (To Phoebe) Smell my neck! (Phoebe does so) It's   not perfume! It's me! It's my natural scent! (Monica looks shocked) Phoebe: Musty! Amanda: Oh! Gosh! This is brilliant. Gosh, it's just like   old times. I'm so happy you two are friends again! Monica: When were we not friends? Amanda: Well, it was 1992, and I remember because that was   the year I had sex with Evil Knievel (She starts laughing very proudly). Monica: Ehm, we were friends in 1992. Amanda: (to Phoebe) No I distinctly remember you were dodging   her (points at Monica) calls and trying to avoid seeing her.  Monica: (To Phoebe) You were going to cut   me out? Phoebe: Well...kinda. Monica: Oh My God! Amanda: Oh! Bugger. Should I not have said that? I feel like   a perfect arse! Phoebe: Yeah well, in America you're just an "ass". (Monica's mobile starts ringing. She picks it up.) Monica: (Into the phone) Hello? Chandler,   what's wrong? (She listens) Oh my God, are you alright? (listens some more)   Yeah, I'll be right there. (She hangs up and speaks to Amanda) I'm so sorry,   but Chandler was in a car accident. (She gets up) Phoebe: (Also gets up and starts taking her purse) Oh my   God. Was Mike with him? Monica: Nope! (She turns and leaves) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Joey comes running in.) Joey: (To Rachel) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Got champagne? Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through! Rachel: Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone   is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove   her bra from under her clothes)... Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)  Rachel: Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very   sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright!   Lets do it! Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit. Rachel: Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She   pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like   that huh? Joey: Oh! yeah! Rachel: You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively,   putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She   pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between   his legs and begins to kiss his neck.) Joey: uh uh! Rachel: Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it! Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters! Rachel: What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok? Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
 Chandler: Hold on! There is something different.
Chandler: Was that place... The Sun?
Chandler: Oh My God! You can do a duet of Ebony and Ivory   all by yourself!
Chandler: How was your date with Joey?
Chandler: You didn't like that?
Chandler: (without taking his eyes off the bra) You don't   know! (Monica just smiles) [Scene: Central Perk.] (Phoebe is sitting on the couch. Monica walks in.) Monica: Hey Phoebe! Phoebe: Hey! Monica: Is Amanda here yet? Phoebe: No. Monica: (sits down) Oh good. Good, look   I'm so sorry, for screwing up that cutting-her-out plan. But I have a new plan.   Chandler agreed to call here in a few minutes with an emergency. Phoebe: Oh! Well, what kind of emergency that gets us both   out of here? Monica: Well, what do you think of Mike   and Chandler being in a car accident? Phoebe: (makes a face) Are you kidding, I love it! (A blonde woman walks in. Supposedly Amanda) Phoebe: Hi! Monica: Hi! Amanda: Hi! (Phoebe and Amanda hug) Amanda: (To Monica) Hello! (Monica holds her hands out for a hug, but instead of hugging her, Amanda   hangs her purse on one of Monica's extended arms.) Amanda: (In a fake British accent) It's so nice to see you!   Both of you! Look at me. Look how young I look! (gives her coat to Monica as   well) Oh gosh! We have so much to catch up on! But first things first: touch   my abs (at which point she grabs both Phoebe and Monica's hands and places   them both on her stomach) I don't exercise at all! (she pulls them down to   sit.) Oh gosh, so Monica, you're married! Monica: (beaming) Yeah! Yeah! His name is   Chandler and... Amanda: (To Phoebe) Smell my neck! (Phoebe does so) It's   not perfume! It's me! It's my natural scent! (Monica looks shocked) Phoebe: Musty! Amanda: Oh! Gosh! This is brilliant. Gosh, it's just like   old times. I'm so happy you two are friends again! Monica: When were we not friends? Amanda: Well, it was 1992, and I remember because that was   the year I had sex with Evil Knievel (She starts laughing very proudly). Monica: Ehm, we were friends in 1992. Amanda: (to Phoebe) No I distinctly remember you were dodging   her (points at Monica) calls and trying to avoid seeing her.  Monica: (To Phoebe) You were going to cut   me out? Phoebe: Well...kinda. Monica: Oh My God! Amanda: Oh! Bugger. Should I not have said that? I feel like   a perfect arse! Phoebe: Yeah well, in America you're just an "ass". (Monica's mobile starts ringing. She picks it up.) Monica: (Into the phone) Hello? Chandler,   what's wrong? (She listens) Oh my God, are you alright? (listens some more)   Yeah, I'll be right there. (She hangs up and speaks to Amanda) I'm so sorry,   but Chandler was in a car accident. (She gets up) Phoebe: (Also gets up and starts taking her purse) Oh my   God. Was Mike with him? Monica: Nope! (She turns and leaves) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Joey comes running in.) Joey: (To Rachel) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Got champagne? Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through! Rachel: Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone   is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove   her bra from under her clothes)... Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)  Rachel: Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very   sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright!   Lets do it! Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit. Rachel: Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She   pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like   that huh? Joey: Oh! yeah! Rachel: You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively,   putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She   pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between   his legs and begins to kiss his neck.) Joey: uh uh! Rachel: Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it! Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters! Rachel: What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok? Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Monica: Nope! (She turns and leaves) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Joey comes running in.) Joey: (To Rachel) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Got champagne? Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through! Rachel: Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone   is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove   her bra from under her clothes)... Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)  Rachel: Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very   sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright!   Lets do it! Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit. Rachel: Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She   pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like   that huh? Joey: Oh! yeah! Rachel: You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively,   putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She   pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between   his legs and begins to kiss his neck.) Joey: uh uh! Rachel: Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it! Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters! Rachel: What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok? Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok!
Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat.
(Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
(He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey!
Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys...
Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time.
Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs)
Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in.
Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in.
Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this.
Chandler: I see you later!
Written by: Dana Klein   Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa [Scene: Central Perk] Monica: (she enters) Hey guys! Ross, Rachel and Chandler: Hey! Chandler: Honey, I got us that room at the Woodford Inn this weekend. Monica: That place in Vermont? You can  take   a hint! Rachel: Wait, you can't go away this weekend! It's Emma's birthday! Ross: Yeah! Rachel: We're having a party. Monica: Well, can't you just have the party when we get back? Ross: No. Rachel: No,    that day... that won't be her real birthday! Chandler: Gee if only she were one and had no idea what the hell a birthday    was! Ross: C'mon you guys, this is really important to us. Monica: Well, I'm sorry, but Chandler and I could really use a weekend away.    You know, to reconnect... emotionally. Chandler: There's this thing I really want us to do. I read about it in Maxim... Rachel: Well, can't you just go to Vermont the next day? Ross: Yeah, we want everyone to be there. As much as I hate to delay your doing    weird sex stuff to my little sister. Rachel: And I mean, you know, you guys... This is a big deal. I mean, how can    we have her first birthday party without her aunt and her uncle! Monica: All right, we'll stay. We can just drive up after the party. Chandler: Fine, but if we end up not doing this Maxim thing because of this    party... Monica: Believe me, that is not why we won't    be doing that!   OPENING CREDITS  [Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment] Rachel: You know Pheebs, when I was little, on my birthday, my daddy would    hide a present in every room of the house, and then he would draw a treasure    map to help me find 'em all. Phoebe: Oooh, I love family traditions like that. When uhm...    when Ursula and I were kids, on our birthday, our stepdad would sell his blood    to buy us food! Ross: (he enters) Hey guys! Rachel and Phoebe: Hi! Ross: Hey, I brought the camera for Emma's video. Rachel: Oh, good, good! We had this idea to make a birthday video for Emma    and we'll give it to her when she is 18. Phoebe: Oh, COOL!! Wow, it's like a time capsule! Ross: Yeah! Phoebe: Oh, just think... she's gonna be watching that video on a TV that hasn't    even been invented yet! With friends who right now are just like babies! And    they'll be living in a floating city that the humans built to escape the ant    people! Ross: That's the hope! So, is Emma awake yet? Rachel: Oh no, it's still nap time. But she'll be up soon. Ross: Ah, and where is Joey? Rachel: I said it's still nap time. (Joey comes out from his room, yawning) Ross: (taping Joey with the cam) Hey, there is uncle Joey! Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey, say something to Emma on her 18th birthday! Joey: 18, uh? (starts to prepare himself to say his "How You Doin'"    line)  Ross: Joey, NO! Joey: What, what!? it's for her hot friends! Ross: When they see this you'll be 52! Joey: And starting to think about settling down! Rachel: Hey Joey, will you please set this up for people to put Emma's presents    on? Joey: I'd love to! Yeah!   Joey: (To Phoebe) We were supposed to bring presents? Phoebe: Yeah! I wrote Emma a song. Joey: Oh, yeah! How was I supposed to know? Phoebe: Joey, it's a birthday party. Joey: Yeah, but for a one-year-old. What's the point... the other day she laughed    for like an hour at a cup. Just a cup with a picture of Elmo on it dressed as    a farmer. And he's standing next to this cow and the cow says "El-moo"!    (Joey starts laughing) Yeah... that's a funny cup! (Monica and Chandler enter) Monica: Hey! Chandler: Hey hey! Where's the birthday girl? Rachel: Oh, she's still napping Chandler: Oh, sure, she was probably up all night, excited about the party    she knows is happening. Rachel: Look, I know that you guys really want to get to Vermont and this isn't    a really big deal to you, but it really is to us, ok? Emma will never have a    first birthday again. Monica: All right... you're right. We're sorry. Now let's wake up Emma and    get the fun time started! Rachel: No really, she didn't sleep well last night, so we can't wake her up. Monica: Are you freaking kidding me, Green? (someone knocks on the door. Rachel goes to open it) Jack and Judy: HI! Ross: (points the camcorder towards them to record their entrance) Hey! Monica: So glad you came! Jack: I can't believe Emma is already one! Judy: (to Monica) I remember your first birthday! Ross was jealous of all the    attention we were giving you. He pulled on his testicles so hard! We had to    take him to the emergency room!  Ross: (pointing the camcorder at himself) There's something you didn't know    about your dad! Joey: Hey Mr. and Mrs. Geller! Let me help you with that. Jack: Thank you! Joey: Oh man, this is great, uh? The three of us together again! You know what    would be fun? If we gave this present to Emma from all of us! Jack: Which one are you?  (Time lapse) Monica: I can't believe Emma is still asleep! Chandler: I know, what are we gonna do? Monica: I've got a plan. I've got a plan. I'm going to ram this platter really    hard into your ribs. You're gonna scream out and that'll wake her up! Chandler: I'm not going to Vermont with this Monica! Joey: Hey Pheebs, you know what? I was thinking... since you wrote a song,    maybe I could do something for Emma using my talents!  Phoebe: So you’re gonna... hit on her? Joey: No, no, no! My talents as an actor! Phoebe: Oh! Joey: You know, I could like maybe... I could do a dramatic reading of one    of her books! Phoebe: Or you could stick a fork in an apple! Joey: Hey, I think Emma might like it! Rachel: Oh! Emma might like what? Joey: Um, my present! Rachel: What did you get her? Joey: Actually we prepared performances. Phoebe: Separate performances. Joey: But equally real! Rachel: Well, this sounds like fun! Well, you know what? Actually? People are    getting a little antsy waiting Emma to wake up from her nap, so would you mind    performing them once now? Phoebe: Sure, yeah! Joey: (unconfidently) O K. Rachel: (to everybody) All right, let’s get this party started, huh?    Joey and Phoebe are gonna perform a little something for us. Ross: Oh, great! Phoebe: (to Joey) Are you gonna be embarrassed going up there having nothing    prepared? Joey: Hey, I do it every week with three cameras pointed at me and a whole    crew waiting! Rachel: So, Joey, what are you gonna do for us? Joey: I will be doing a dramatic reading of one of Emma’s books. Rachel: Oh, ok, which one? Joey: Uh, why, it’s a... (he picks a book up) one of her favorites, uh,    (he reads the title of the book) “Riding the Storm Out. Coping with post-partum    depression” eesh! (he puts the book back and picks up another) “Love    you forever”. Love you forever. By Robert Munsch. Published by Firefly    books. Printed (he pauses and changes the tone to a dramatic one) in Mexico.    A mother held her new baby and very slowly rocked him back and forth, back and    forth, back and forth, and while she held him she sang “I’ll love    you forever, I’ll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby    you’ll be”. (the picture fades and Joey is now finishing the book).    And while he rocked her, he sang “I’ll love you forever, I’ll    like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you’ll be”. Rachel: (crying) Wow! That was amazing! Ross: Thank you so much for that gift! Chandler (nearly weeping): I was not ready for this today! Ross: Amazing... amazing. Rachel: Oh, Phoebe, I’m sorry! Phoebe has prepared something as well. Phoebe: That’s right, I've prepared a song for Emma. From my heart to    hers. For there’s no greater gift, than the gift of music. (she starts    singing) Emma! Your name poses a dilemma. 'Cause not much else rhymes with Emma!    Maybe the actor Richard Crenna, he played the commanding officer in Rambo. Happy    birthday Emma! Rachel: Is that it? Phoebe: No, of course not! I also, you know, prepared a reading (she picks    up a book). “Sex and the single mother. (pause) Finding your G-spot. Everybody: No, no, no, no, no! [Scene: Joey’s Apartment. Ross is filming his parents ] Judy: Hello Emma. Happy eighteenth birthday. Jack: Right now that seems so far away, seventeen years. Judy: Yes, you’ll be all grown up by then. We’ll be... Well your    grandfather and I might not be here. Jack: That’s true! This message could becoming to you from beyond the    grave, Emma! Judy: After all, my parents died very young. Jack: And my cholesterol’s off the charts! Judy: Remember, Emma, heart disease kills women too! Ross (stops recording): Ok, cut! Great. That was... that was    just... yeah! Rachel: Ross, um, don’t forget to get a shot of Emma’s cake. It’s    in a box in the fridge. Ross: Sure. Rachel: Oh, you're gonna love this cake. I got it from a bakery in New Jersey,    Corino’s. Monica: Oh my God, that place has the creamiest frosting! I use to hitchhike    there when I was a kid. Rachel: Well, anyway, they make these great novelty cakes, in all different    shapes, and if you give them a photo, they’ll copy it in icing! Monica: Oh, did you do a picture of Emma? Rachel: Yes! On a cake shaped like a bunny. Ross: Uh, Rach? Does this bakery by any chance also bake erotic cakes? Say    for bachelorette parties? Rachel: Ross, what are you talking about? (she sees the cake) oh! Oh my God!    They put my baby’s face on a penis! Phoebe (sees the cake): oh! Now it’s a party! Rachel: Why you guys this isn't funny, all right? If I wanted this cake to    be a disaster I would have baked it myself! Joey (staring at the cake): Uh.. is it ok that I still think it looks delicious? Judy:(to Jack) Jack, look at this. Jack: I know what you're thinking Judy, the resemblance is uncanny! Ross: I am this close to tugging on my testicles again. Rachel (on the phone): No, no, this is not what I ordered.    Ok? I went all the way to New Jersey so that I could have the perfect cake for    my daughter’s birthday and I need a bunny cake, right now! Ross: Ask them if it would be faster if we cut the baby’s face off the    penis, so we can put it on the bunny. (pause). That is a weird sentence! Rachel: Oh! Believe you me! I am going to bring this cake back, I don't even    want it in my home... (Turns towards the cake and sees Joey trying to take a    piece and yells at him) Joey, don't touch it!! Joey: I'm so confused! Rachel: (speaking to the person on the phone again) Yes, yes. I still want    my daughters picture, but on a bunny cake. Yellow cake, chocolate frosting with    nuts! Chandler: To be fair this one does have nuts. (Time lapse) (Ross, Chandler and Monica are in the kitchen area) Ross: Hey Mon, that was really nice of you to loan Rachel your car so she could    go and get the cake. Monica: Oh. So nice of her to pull my hair, 'till I dropped the key!  Ross: Well, you know what? While we're waiting, you guys could tape your message    to Emma for her 18th birthday, huh? (takes the camcorder and points it at Monica    and Chandler) Ok! Chandler: Hi Emma! It's the year 2020. Are you still enjoying your nap? Monica: We're Aunt Monica and uncle Chandler, by the way.   You may not recognize us, because we haven't spoken to your parents in seventeen years! Chandler: We used to be married, but then we missed a weekend away together    and things kind of unraveled. Because of you! Happy Birthday. (Ross looks disappointed    and switches the camcorder off) Monica: Ross, Rachel promised it would be over by now. We seriously have to    go, if we want to get to Vermont. I called them and the last train leaves in    a half hour. Phoebe: And you know, I have a massage client soon. Ross: You guys, just please.. a little bit longer. I promise, Rachel will be    back with the cake any minute. Monica, remember.. the frosting? huh? Monica: Alright, 5 more minutes. (The phone rings, Ross picks up) Ross: (Into receiver) Hello? (listens) Oh no! What happened? (listens some    more) Ok ok, where are you? (Grabs a pen and starts writing). Ok, I'll be right    there. (Puts the phone down) Chandler: Was that Emma? Is she up?  Ross: No, Rachel got pulled over for speeding. She forgot    her licence so now I have to bring it to her. Phoebe: Well, if you're leaving, I'm definitely gonna go. Monica: No! Wait! If anybody gets to go.. it's us (Points at herself and Chandler)    We've been complaining the longest! Ross: No, wait ! You guys, no, no, you can't leave! Rachel already feels bad    that the cake's messed up. How do you think she's gonna feel when she comes    back here and all you guys are gone? Chandler: I don't know! You'll tell us on Monday!  Ross: Joey! You're in charge, ok? You make sure nobody leaves! (leaves) Joey: Got it! (Goes towards the front door   and stands with his back to it) Hey hey hey! (to Chandler) Where do you think you're going?  Chandler: To the bathroom! Joey: Alright, well the rest of you get comfortable, ok, because we're gonna    be here for a li...(stops and thinks) Wait a minute, there is a window in there! Phoebe: Oh no! He's not getting away that easy! (Phoebe and Joey run towards    the bathroom and enter) Chandler: (Yelling) What are you doing? Get the hell out of here! (Phoebe and    Joey come out looking shocked) Joey: Well, that one did not have Emma's face on it. Phoebe: No, it did not. Joey: No. Judy: Well, we better get going, it's late. Jack's not allowed to drive at    night anymore. He has trouble staying in his lane. Jack: Last winter I went up on a church lawn and drove right through a manger    scene. The papers thought it was a hate crime. Judy: Anyway, it was lovely seeing you. Joey: Ok! (Opens the door for them)  Judy: Bye... Bye dear. Joey: Nighty-night! Judy: Nighty-night! Joey: Bye, bye. Phoebe: Joey? How could you just let them leave? Joey: Hey, hey, hey, hey! I'm not gonna mess with Jack, he's a great man, he    fought for our country. Monica: No, he didn't! He pretended to be a Quaker to get out of Korea. Joey: (Shocked) Oh! Well that's it! He's the last one to go. I'm locking you    guys in. (turns the bolts of the door, thereby locking it) Chandler: You do know, I can just turn them the other way around, right? Joey: Oh! I forgot you used to live here! (The phone rings, Joey picks up) Joey: Hello? Estelle: (on the other side of the line) Joey! It's Estelle! Joey: Hey! (smiles) Estelle: So, how did your audition go today? Joey: (smile fades) What audition? Estelle: The one I told you about last week? Joey: What? You never said anything about an audition! Estelle: (Looks confused) Let me start over. I just got a call about an audition.    I think you can still make it. It's down at the Astor Theatre and you need to    have a monologue prepared. Joey: A monologue? I don't have.. (sees the book he was reading before for    his "dramatic reading") I got it. (hangs up) (announces to the room)    Aah! so... I'm gonna take off! Phoebe: Wh.. what? No wait, you don't get to leave! I've got a massage client    waiting outside my door any minute! Monica: Yeah, and we've paid for a room, that we're supposed to be in right    now! Phoebe: Well, oh, ok now... Only one of us has to stay with Emma. Ok, and as    the person who realized that, I get to go! Monica: No! no! Let's figure out a fair way to decide who's staying. Joey: Oh! I got it! Ok, everyone pick a number from one to ten. Alright? Whoever    gets the highest number gets to go first. Monica: (She gives Joey a you-are-so-stupid-look) Ok, ten. Joey: Okay, Monica picks ten, I call nine! Anyone else? Phoebe: No, lets just draw straws. Joey: Or.. we could flip a coin, and then multiply the.. Chandler: I'm begging you stop. Joey: Right. Monica: Ok, how about this: We got wind up toys for Emma for her birthday.    We can make them race, and whoever comes in last, stays! Phoebe: (Visibly excited) Yeah!! Let's do that! Chandler: (Also very excited) That sounds more fun than the thing we were going    to do in Vermont!  Monica: Everybody get your toys! (They all run toward the table with toys) Phoebe: Ok! I want the dolphin! Chandler: Thats a bear. Phoebe: I'm too excited! Monica: Phoebe, you get the bear, uhm, Joey, you get the robot, and Chandler    and I get the dog. Ok, and the race is going to go (Takes two cups and marks    the start and finish lines with them) from here to here. Now the one who comes    in last, stays! Joey: Ok, ladies and gentlemen, wind your toys! (they do so) Chandler: Ok, on your mark... Get set... GO!!! (Monica, Phoebe and Joey release their wind-up toys.) Phoebe: Go! Go! Joey: Come on robot! (Phoebe's bear takes the lead, followed by Joey's robot, and far behind is    Chandler and Monica's dog, which walks a few paces, stops and starts barking,    sits, walks again, and so on... ) Monica: (to the dog) What are you barking at? (While Phoebe's bear is still in the lead, it is now closely followed by Joey's    robot. Chandler and Monica's dog however, sits down, barking... and does a backflip.) Monica: Wha... How the hell is that gonna help? Chandler: I bought you. How did I forget that that's all you do? (Meanwhile the race has been won by Phoebe's bear, followed by Joey's robot) Joey: Way to go robot! Phoebe: Good job Alan! Joey: Hey, good race you guys. Phoebe: Yeah, see you later! (Joey and Phoebe leave for the door) Monica: No! No, no... wait! We didn't lose. (turns to Chandler) The rules clearly    stated that the last one to cross the finish line was the loser. Well, our dog    never crossed the finish line, so technically... Chandler: They left. (Monica turns to see the closed door.)  [ Scene: The freeway. Rachel is driving Monica's Porsche, while    using her mobile phone. Ross is sitting next to her.]  Rachel: (into the phone) No, there isn't time to go to the bakery. We're just    gonna come home... Everybody left? Alright, well just tell Emma we're gonna    be there as soon as we can. (emotionally) Bye... (She hangs up, closes her phone, turns around and puts it in her bag which    is in the back of the car. While doing this and not looking at the road, she    turns the steering wheel by accident, which makes the car swerve.) Ross: RACHEL! Rachel: OOH! God! Sorry! Ross: (sarcastically) I can't believe they gave you a ticket. You're such a    good driver. (Ross fastens his seat belt.) Rachel: Emma's awake. Ross: Yeah? Rachel: I can't believe this. This is her first birthday. She's awake. We're    not even there. Everybody left. We still have this stupid obscene cake. Ross: Hey, maybe I can fix that, you know. Try to turn it into something else.    (he opens the box) Rachel: Oh, why do you even bother? I already ruined her first birthday...    And do you know how important these early experiences are Ross? Very! According    to the back cover of that book that you gave me. Ross: Rach, she's not going to remember this. Rachel: (shakes her head) I guess... Oh, I just had such an idea of what this    day would be like, you know? Emma laughing and everybody gathered around her    cake singing "Happy Birthday". Then we would all go into... HEY GET    OUT OF THE ROAD YOU STUPID STUDENT DRIVER!!! (honks furiously, and Ross looks    at her in disbelief and Rachel looks at him.) They have to learn! Ross: (looks back at the cake) Hey! Rachel: What? Ross: It's not bad. Rachel: (she looks at the cake) Oh my God! Look what... you made it into a    bunny. How did you do that? Ross: Well, I just made these two things uhm... cheeks. And then I split this    to make ears. Rachel: Well, I'm very impressed. Ross: Some can sing, some can dance. I apparently can turn phallic cakes into    woodland creatures.  [ Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment. Chandler, Monica and Emma    are sitting on the floor, and Emma's stuffed animals are lined up in front of    them.]  Monica: Now another way to organise your stuffed animals, is by size. Chandler: I'm sorry, is this a game for Emma or for Monica? Monica: Game? Chandler: Emma, you even know it's your birthday today? You're one! One-year-old,    that's little. (With his index finger he shows her how old she is. Emma also points her finger    and babbles...) Chandler: Ooh! That's my girl! Monica: That's how old you are. Chandler: Did I teach her that? Did I just... impart wisdom? Monica: (embraces Emma tightly) Ooh, I want one... Chandler: Me too... (There's a couple of seconds of silence. Then Chandler looks around...) Chandler: There's no-one around. Why don't we just take this one? Monica: ...and head to Canada! Chandler: I was kidding. Monica: I wasn't. Let's get going! (Phoebe enters the apartment again.) Phoebe: Hey, are Ross and Rachel back? Chandler: No, not yet. Phoebe: Oh good, I didn't miss the party. Monica: What about your massage client? Phoebe: I just felt so bad, missing this. So I just slipped him a little something,    you know. As long as I'm back in five or six hours, it will be alright. (Joey comes running into the apartment, out of breath.) Joey: Okay, if Ross and Rachel ask, I've been here the whole time. THE WHOLE    TIME! (Ross and Rachel enter.) Joey: (to Ross and Rachel) I've been here the whole time! Ross: Joey, we just saw you come in. You ran past us on the stairs. Rachel: I don't care that you left. I'm just glad that you're here. Thanks    you guys! Chandler: Hey, guys! Come on! You gotta see what Emma just did. Rachel: What? Chandler: Emma, how old are you? How old are you today? (holds up his index    finger again) Emma: Wo-ish. (and holds up her finger) (Ross and Rachel gasp) Rachel: Oh! Emma, that's right! You're that many! Ross: Oh my God! Our daughter's a genius! Rach, this means... Rachel: (angrily) NO, no science camp! Ross: Damnit! I'll put a candle on the cake. Rachel: Oh!... Oh and Emma, look at your stuffed animals lined up so neatly! Monica: Thanks! Ross: Okay, here we go! Emma's first birthday cake... Well hey... well, blow    out the candle. Come on Emma. Chandler: Let's do it, come on! (Rachel wipes away some tears.) Ross: What's wrong? Are you okay? Rachel: Oh yeah, nothing! These are happy tears! This is just what I wanted. Phoebe: (pointing at cake) Hey, you made it into a bunny. Joey: What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it    was a penis.  ENDING CREDITS   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel.    They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front    of the camera.] Rachel: Okay. Ross: Okay, you ready? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: A-a-and... record. Rachel: Okay. (they both look into the camera, and Ross waves.) Hi Emma. Well,    your first birthday is over, and it was really... (There's a lot of yelling and screaming coming from the hallway, and they get    up to look at what's the noise all about. In the hallway, Monica, Chandler,    Joey and Phoebe are having another wind-up animal race, yelling and screaming    fanatically.) Phoebe: (yelling at the top of her voice) Go, go, go Alan! Run you, hairy bastard!   end    
Ross, Rachel and Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Honey, I got us that room at the Woodford Inn this weekend.
Chandler: Gee if only she were one and had no idea what the hell a birthday    was!
Chandler: There's this thing I really want us to do. I read about it in Maxim...
Chandler: Fine, but if we end up not doing this Maxim thing because of this    party...
Chandler: Hey hey! Where's the birthday girl?
Chandler: Oh, sure, she was probably up all night, excited about the party    she knows is happening.
Chandler: I know, what are we gonna do?
Chandler: I'm not going to Vermont with this Monica!
Chandler: To be fair this one does have nuts.
Chandler: Hi Emma! It's the year 2020. Are you still enjoying your nap?
Chandler: We used to be married, but then we missed a weekend away together    and things kind of unraveled. Because of you! Happy Birthday. (Ross looks disappointed    and switches the camcorder off)
Chandler: Was that Emma? Is she up? 
Chandler: I don't know! You'll tell us on Monday! 
Chandler: To the bathroom!
Chandler: (Yelling) What are you doing? Get the hell out of here! (Phoebe and    Joey come out looking shocked)
Chandler: You do know, I can just turn them the other way around, right?
Chandler: I'm begging you stop.
Chandler: (Also very excited) That sounds more fun than the thing we were going    to do in Vermont! 
Chandler: Thats a bear.
Chandler: Ok, on your mark... Get set... GO!!!
Chandler: I bought you. How did I forget that that's all you do?
Chandler: They left.
 Rachel: (into the phone) No, there isn't time to go to the bakery. We're just    gonna come home... Everybody left? Alright, well just tell Emma we're gonna    be there as soon as we can. (emotionally) Bye... (She hangs up, closes her phone, turns around and puts it in her bag which    is in the back of the car. While doing this and not looking at the road, she    turns the steering wheel by accident, which makes the car swerve.) Ross: RACHEL! Rachel: OOH! God! Sorry! Ross: (sarcastically) I can't believe they gave you a ticket. You're such a    good driver. (Ross fastens his seat belt.) Rachel: Emma's awake. Ross: Yeah? Rachel: I can't believe this. This is her first birthday. She's awake. We're    not even there. Everybody left. We still have this stupid obscene cake. Ross: Hey, maybe I can fix that, you know. Try to turn it into something else.    (he opens the box) Rachel: Oh, why do you even bother? I already ruined her first birthday...    And do you know how important these early experiences are Ross? Very! According    to the back cover of that book that you gave me. Ross: Rach, she's not going to remember this. Rachel: (shakes her head) I guess... Oh, I just had such an idea of what this    day would be like, you know? Emma laughing and everybody gathered around her    cake singing "Happy Birthday". Then we would all go into... HEY GET    OUT OF THE ROAD YOU STUPID STUDENT DRIVER!!! (honks furiously, and Ross looks    at her in disbelief and Rachel looks at him.) They have to learn! Ross: (looks back at the cake) Hey! Rachel: What? Ross: It's not bad. Rachel: (she looks at the cake) Oh my God! Look what... you made it into a    bunny. How did you do that? Ross: Well, I just made these two things uhm... cheeks. And then I split this    to make ears. Rachel: Well, I'm very impressed. Ross: Some can sing, some can dance. I apparently can turn phallic cakes into    woodland creatures.  [ Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment. Chandler, Monica and Emma    are sitting on the floor, and Emma's stuffed animals are lined up in front of    them.]  Monica: Now another way to organise your stuffed animals, is by size. Chandler: I'm sorry, is this a game for Emma or for Monica? Monica: Game? Chandler: Emma, you even know it's your birthday today? You're one! One-year-old,    that's little. (With his index finger he shows her how old she is. Emma also points her finger    and babbles...) Chandler: Ooh! That's my girl! Monica: That's how old you are. Chandler: Did I teach her that? Did I just... impart wisdom? Monica: (embraces Emma tightly) Ooh, I want one... Chandler: Me too... (There's a couple of seconds of silence. Then Chandler looks around...) Chandler: There's no-one around. Why don't we just take this one? Monica: ...and head to Canada! Chandler: I was kidding. Monica: I wasn't. Let's get going! (Phoebe enters the apartment again.) Phoebe: Hey, are Ross and Rachel back? Chandler: No, not yet. Phoebe: Oh good, I didn't miss the party. Monica: What about your massage client? Phoebe: I just felt so bad, missing this. So I just slipped him a little something,    you know. As long as I'm back in five or six hours, it will be alright. (Joey comes running into the apartment, out of breath.) Joey: Okay, if Ross and Rachel ask, I've been here the whole time. THE WHOLE    TIME! (Ross and Rachel enter.) Joey: (to Ross and Rachel) I've been here the whole time! Ross: Joey, we just saw you come in. You ran past us on the stairs. Rachel: I don't care that you left. I'm just glad that you're here. Thanks    you guys! Chandler: Hey, guys! Come on! You gotta see what Emma just did. Rachel: What? Chandler: Emma, how old are you? How old are you today? (holds up his index    finger again) Emma: Wo-ish. (and holds up her finger) (Ross and Rachel gasp) Rachel: Oh! Emma, that's right! You're that many! Ross: Oh my God! Our daughter's a genius! Rach, this means... Rachel: (angrily) NO, no science camp! Ross: Damnit! I'll put a candle on the cake. Rachel: Oh!... Oh and Emma, look at your stuffed animals lined up so neatly! Monica: Thanks! Ross: Okay, here we go! Emma's first birthday cake... Well hey... well, blow    out the candle. Come on Emma. Chandler: Let's do it, come on! (Rachel wipes away some tears.) Ross: What's wrong? Are you okay? Rachel: Oh yeah, nothing! These are happy tears! This is just what I wanted. Phoebe: (pointing at cake) Hey, you made it into a bunny. Joey: What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it    was a penis.  ENDING CREDITS   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel.    They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front    of the camera.] Rachel: Okay. Ross: Okay, you ready? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: A-a-and... record. Rachel: Okay. (they both look into the camera, and Ross waves.) Hi Emma. Well,    your first birthday is over, and it was really... (There's a lot of yelling and screaming coming from the hallway, and they get    up to look at what's the noise all about. In the hallway, Monica, Chandler,    Joey and Phoebe are having another wind-up animal race, yelling and screaming    fanatically.) Phoebe: (yelling at the top of her voice) Go, go, go Alan! Run you, hairy bastard!   end    
 Monica: Now another way to organise your stuffed animals, is by size. Chandler: I'm sorry, is this a game for Emma or for Monica? Monica: Game? Chandler: Emma, you even know it's your birthday today? You're one! One-year-old,    that's little. (With his index finger he shows her how old she is. Emma also points her finger    and babbles...) Chandler: Ooh! That's my girl! Monica: That's how old you are. Chandler: Did I teach her that? Did I just... impart wisdom? Monica: (embraces Emma tightly) Ooh, I want one... Chandler: Me too... (There's a couple of seconds of silence. Then Chandler looks around...) Chandler: There's no-one around. Why don't we just take this one? Monica: ...and head to Canada! Chandler: I was kidding. Monica: I wasn't. Let's get going! (Phoebe enters the apartment again.) Phoebe: Hey, are Ross and Rachel back? Chandler: No, not yet. Phoebe: Oh good, I didn't miss the party. Monica: What about your massage client? Phoebe: I just felt so bad, missing this. So I just slipped him a little something,    you know. As long as I'm back in five or six hours, it will be alright. (Joey comes running into the apartment, out of breath.) Joey: Okay, if Ross and Rachel ask, I've been here the whole time. THE WHOLE    TIME! (Ross and Rachel enter.) Joey: (to Ross and Rachel) I've been here the whole time! Ross: Joey, we just saw you come in. You ran past us on the stairs. Rachel: I don't care that you left. I'm just glad that you're here. Thanks    you guys! Chandler: Hey, guys! Come on! You gotta see what Emma just did. Rachel: What? Chandler: Emma, how old are you? How old are you today? (holds up his index    finger again) Emma: Wo-ish. (and holds up her finger) (Ross and Rachel gasp) Rachel: Oh! Emma, that's right! You're that many! Ross: Oh my God! Our daughter's a genius! Rach, this means... Rachel: (angrily) NO, no science camp! Ross: Damnit! I'll put a candle on the cake. Rachel: Oh!... Oh and Emma, look at your stuffed animals lined up so neatly! Monica: Thanks! Ross: Okay, here we go! Emma's first birthday cake... Well hey... well, blow    out the candle. Come on Emma. Chandler: Let's do it, come on! (Rachel wipes away some tears.) Ross: What's wrong? Are you okay? Rachel: Oh yeah, nothing! These are happy tears! This is just what I wanted. Phoebe: (pointing at cake) Hey, you made it into a bunny. Joey: What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it    was a penis.  ENDING CREDITS   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel.    They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front    of the camera.] Rachel: Okay. Ross: Okay, you ready? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: A-a-and... record. Rachel: Okay. (they both look into the camera, and Ross waves.) Hi Emma. Well,    your first birthday is over, and it was really... (There's a lot of yelling and screaming coming from the hallway, and they get    up to look at what's the noise all about. In the hallway, Monica, Chandler,    Joey and Phoebe are having another wind-up animal race, yelling and screaming    fanatically.) Phoebe: (yelling at the top of her voice) Go, go, go Alan! Run you, hairy bastard!   end    
Chandler: I'm sorry, is this a game for Emma or for Monica?
Chandler: Emma, you even know it's your birthday today? You're one! One-year-old,    that's little.
Chandler: Ooh! That's my girl!
Chandler: Did I teach her that? Did I just... impart wisdom?
Chandler: Me too...
Chandler: There's no-one around. Why don't we just take this one?
Chandler: I was kidding.
Chandler: No, not yet.
Chandler: Hey, guys! Come on! You gotta see what Emma just did.
Chandler: Emma, how old are you? How old are you today? (holds up his index    finger again)
Chandler: Let's do it, come on!
Written by: Dana Klein   Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa [Scene: Central Perk]   Rachel: You know, I'm thinking about letting Emma have her    first cookie. Joey: Her first cookie? She has cookies all the time! Rachel: I've never given her a cookie. Have you? Joey: No! No... and, for the record, I've also never given her a frosting from    a can! Monica: Hey Rach, the adoption agency needs letters of recommendation and we    were wondering if you would write one for us. Rachel: Of course, I'd be honored! Chandler: Thanks! Monica: Thank you! (Joey looks at them, disappointed about their decision) Joey: U-U-Um, I think there's been an oversight. Chandler: Joey, we would've asked you, we just thought you wouldn't be interested. Monica: Yeah, it's just we don't think of you as really being so much "with    the words". Joey: Whoo-weh hey weh-hey whoo hey!! Monica: Clearly we were wrong. Joey: I gotta a lot of nice stuff to say about you guys, ok? And I know how    much you wanna have a baby, you know, and I would love to help you get one. Monica: You know what? Then, Joey, we want you to do it. Joey: Thank you! Alright, let me see how I'm gonna start... "Dear baby    adoption decider people..." Chandler: So excited about your letter! (Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Hey! All: Hey Phoebe! Joey: Hey! Monica: Wow! Don't you look nice?! Phoebe: Yes, I do! Today is Mike and my one-year anniversary. Rachel: OH! What's it the anniversary of? Your first date, your first kiss,    first time you had sex... Phoebe: YEAH! Chandler: So you must be going to somewhere fancy to celebrate? Phoebe: Uh-uh. Ehm, a Knicks game. Joey: Uhm... Aren't you a little overdressed? Phoebe: Hey, you know what, I've never had a one-year anniversary before, so    no matter where we go, I'm wearing something fancy pants, and... I'm gonna put    on my finest jewelry and we're gonna have sex in a public rest room. Monica: You guys do that? Chandler won't even have sex in our bathroom! Chandler: That's where people make number two!!  OPENING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross' apartment. Ross is grading papers. Charlie approaches    him.]   Charlie: Hey! (They kiss and cuddle a little) Ross: Hey... Charlie: So, you know... I have a little time. If you... if you want to... Ross: (surprised) Oh... (he pauses) (sounds disappointed) Ohh... I'd love to    but I really have to grade these papers. Charlie: Fine, it's fine... (she whispers) I'll just shower by myself... Ross: (Writing on the papers) B, B, B, B, B! Charlie: Oh, Ross, you gave a B to a Pottery Barn catalogue. Ross: Well, it had some good ideas, take off your shirt. (they start kissing but someone knocks at the door) Ross: Damnit! Amy: (yelling from outside) Rachel!! Open up!! It's your sister!! (she knocks    on the door again) I have to talk to you!! Ross: (he opens the door) Hi Amy! Amy: You're not Rachel. Ross: Still sharp as a tack! Amy: Um... Charlie, this is Rachel's sister Amy. Amy, this is Charlie. Charlie: Hi! Amy: Hi! Charlie: Nice to meet you. Amy: H-Hi!!(to Ross) And you are...? Ross: (pause) Ross? I... I grew up on your block! We had Thanksgiving together    last year... I had a baby with your sister! Amy: (looks confused) N-no... uhm... did I buy a falafel from you yesterday? Ross: (gives up) Yes, yes, you did.   [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment]   (Ross enters the apartment with Amy) Ross: Hi Rachel! Here's your sister Amy! She thinks I need   pec implants!   Rachel: Amy! Hi! Oh-oh-hoh! (they hug) Wow! You remember Joey? Amy: Yeah! Hey, sure! The "Days of Our Lives" guy! Joey: That's right, yeah. Amy: You're not good! Joey: Always nice to meet a fan! Rachel: So now, what are you doing here? Amy: Well, I have huge news. Rachel: (Emma starts crying in the other room) Oh sorry, hold on. Let me just    check on the baby! Amy: Wait, this is important! Can Ella wait? (Rachel goes to Emma) Ross: Ehm... Her name is Emma. Amy: Why did you change it, Ella was so much prettier! Ross: What do I know? I just sell Middle Eastern food from a cart! Amy: Hey, your English is getting better!! Ross: (to Joey) Oh my God! Joey: I know, she may be the hottest girl I've ever hated. Ross: What... what you working on? Joey: (using a laptop) Oh, Monica and Chandler's recommendation. I want it    to sound smart but.. I don't know any big words or anything, so... Ross: Why don't you use your Thesaurus? Joey: What did I just say? Ross: Watch. (he takes the laptop) Here, you ehm... You highlight the word    you want to change.   Go under Tools and the Thesaurus generates... 'gives'... 'gives' a whole list    of choices. You can pick the word that sounds smartest. Joey: Oh my God, that's great! I'm smart!! No, no, I'm... (he uses the Thesaurus)    "brainy, bright, clever", I love this thing! Look out ladies, Joey    Tribbiani's got the whole package!!   [Scene: Rachel's room. Rachel is attending to Emma. Amy is standing    behind her.]    Rachel: God! Amy: So beautiful. Rachel: Oh, I know, isn't she? Amy: No, I was talking about your bedding. Rachel: All right. What's your news, Amy? Amy: Oh! Um... Well... I'm getting married. Rachel: What? Oh my God! To who? Amy: This guy! He has a killer apartment. Rachel: A-And?? Amy: A-And it's on Fifth. And the elevator opens up right into the living room. Rachel: No, what's he like? Amy: Oh! He's ok. Do you remember my old boyfriend Mark? Rachel: Yeah. Amy: It's his dad. Rachel: Huh... wow, so he's gotta be... Amy: Old? Yeah! But he travels a lot, so he's hardly ever there. Rachel: Sweety, I gotta tell ya... it sounds a little bit like you like the    apartment more than you like... Amy: Myron. Hmm... I told you he was old! Rachel: Oh... sit down, sit down. Oh, honey, you know, I once also almost married    somebody that I didn’t love. Do you remember Barry? Amy: Humpf, remember him? How we used to make out all the time after you went    to sleep. Rachel: Sometimes just nodding is ok. (pause) Uhm, so but   anyway, listen, not marrying Barry was the best decision that I ever, ever   made. Honey, you deserve   true love. Your soulmate is out there, somewhere. Someone that is your age,   that is smart, that is fun and that you care about! Amy: (thinks about it) You’re right, you’re right! I’m gonna    do it! Rachel: Ok. Amy: I’m gonna marry Myron and keep looking   for Mr Right. Rachel: Ok, let’s keep talking.   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Mike and Phoebe are walking to    their seats.]   Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. (looking    at her ticket). Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my    seat. It's my anniversary. (to Mike) Here we are! (Mike nods). Can’t believe    it's been a whole year!  Mike: I know. This has been the best year... (the crowd starts cheering so    he starts yelling) THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND (crowd stops cheering) YOU'RE    AMAZING IN BED (everyone hears it and stare at them.) (to everybody) IT’S    OUR ANNIVERSARY! Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. (on the    screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes    on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her) Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. Mike: Really? Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! Mike: (looks strangely shocked) Excuse me... (he leaves, then Phoebe realizes  what she did).   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room]   Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to    Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the    longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. Chandler: (reading) I don’t... uh... understand. Joey: (sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated    for ya? Monica: (also reading it) It doesn’t make any sense. Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! Chandler: On every word? Joey: Yep! Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? (shows the sentence to    Joey) Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens    with full sized aortic pumps...? Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. Joey: Why not? Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani (Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that'    look). Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just    be yourself! Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from  here, (points at his own heart) your full sized aortic pump.   [Scene: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel    opens the door.]   Rachel: Amy, hi! Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. Rachel: Oh, good for you!  Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. (Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does    not notice the huge amount of bags) Joey: Ah, look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH,    WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! Joey: What? Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! (she snaps her finger and points at Joey,  snaps her fingers again and points to the bags) Come on!   [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room    and Joey comes out of his room.]   Joey: You slept out here? Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get    off!’ Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re    getting rid of her. Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping    Amy badly) "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!"    I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think    it’s really good that she’s here. Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was    a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of    me. Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t    think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys.    See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna    take patience, but that’s ok. Amy: Good morning. Joey: Yeaah. Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why    I hung it on the door. Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time    for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. (points    at her eyebrows) I am not happy. (to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands)    Oh... sure you wanna eat that? Joey: (yelling at her) I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!   [Scene: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler    are there, Phoebe enters the room]   Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote    me a rap song. Ross: Seriously? Chandler: Word! Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. Rachel: Well, what happened? Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the    big screen thing... Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning    on proposing to me that same way last night! Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna    propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean,    I said no in Barbados and now this! Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... (stops himself   mid-sentence...everyone stares at him) Did I just say if I were a   guy..? Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to    him! Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? Monica: I proposed to Chandler! (Phoebe stops herself from laughing) Alright,    moving on... Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! Monica: Thank you. Phoebe: (To Rachel and Ross) Well, do you think   I should propose? Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? Rachel: (Sarcastically) Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? (claps her hands    together, faking excitement) Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to,    plus he'd never suspect it! Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two (points    to Ross and Chandler) like that? Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think?  (Amy walks in carrying a phone handset) Amy: (To Rachel) Nana is on the phone (Hands the phone over to Rachel) Rachel: (Takes the phone) Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years    ago!! Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? Rachel: (Into the phone) Hello? (announces to Amy) Oh, it's our nanny! (goes    back to the phone conversation) Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye!    (Hangs up) (To Ross) That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had?    Because my throat's been hurting? Rachel: Menstrual cramps. Ross: I don't think that's what this is. Rachel: (To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe) Can any of you watch Emma? Monica: No, sorry sweety.. Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. Rachel: (To Ross) Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? Amy: Well, I can do it. Rachel: (Thinks for a moment) Well, actually...  Ross: (He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other    side of the room) Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. Rachel: Why not? Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!  Rachel: (Defends Amy) Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. Rachel: (Shocked) Wha... the next one? Ross: (a little confused) Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge    breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! Ross: I... I don't know.. Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows (points    at her own to emphasize the word) shaped to do this alright? Do you understand    how important that is in our world? (Amy approaches from behind) Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to...    Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's    been so wonderful to me... (looks at hem pleadingly) (Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently) Rachel: Absolutely. Amy: (very excited) Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? (Ross just gives up  and leaves)   [Scene: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk    in.]   Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. (Chandler and Monica look shocked) Monica: You dropped it off? Joey: Yeah. Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to    hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked) Monica: You hand-wrote it? Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at   all! See ya later! (Leaves) Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our    file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples    that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? (Takes out his mobile) I'll just    call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. (starts dialing) Monica: Okay good. Chandler: (on the phone) Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped    off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. (listens) Uh-huh... Uh-huh...    okay... thank you. Good-bye. (hangs up looking very confused). Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way    to the bird store. Chandler: (Still looks confused) They loved it. Monica: What? Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a   child write the recommendation letter. Monica: (surprised) They thought Joey was a child? Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings. (Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller) Amy: Hi! Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. Chandler: That sounds like fun. Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. (Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma) Rachel: (To Emma) Hey! Hi, how's my girl? Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? Rachel: (sounds excited) Yeah! (Amy takes off Emma's hat) Amy: Ta-daaa! (Rachel looks at Emma) Rachel: (not excited anymore) You pierced her ears!? Amy: (Very excited about it) Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? (Rachel looks very shocked) COMMERCIAL BREAK  Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me?  Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would    it? Chandler: I think she looks cute. (Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily)    ... but I am wrong! Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? Rachel: Ugh. (takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it) (Ross enters) Ross: Hey guys.   Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see.    (Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him). Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see.  Ross: Why not? Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was    in a milk carton but it looked like meat? Ross: Come here (Removes Emma's hat) Oh! There she is! Hi! (Rachel looks worried) Ross: (sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him) What? Rachel: Nothing. Ross: (Back to Emma) Hi! (Looks at her) What... (Moves the stroller away from    him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he    realizes the difference and gasps). Please tell me those are clip-ons.  Rachel: Oh, they're real! Ross: Did she (points at Amy) do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have    left Emma with her! Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. (To Amy)   You are soo irresponsible   I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs    to have a cool fun aunt! Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! Amy: (Sarcastically) O-Okay! Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure    out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going    to do with my life. Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. Rachel: (looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief) What? Ross: That's not a thing! Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what    colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... Rachel: (shouting) Babies don't care if they're slim. Amy: Enter Amy! Ross: (very angry) Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... Amy: What? What are you gonna do? Ross: (pointing at Amy, shouting) No more falafel for you! (Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant  and looks at Ross who gestures "later".)   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the    game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.]   Mike: Great game, huh? Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... (seems distracted) Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. (looking up) Please let the Knicks win... Thank    you Thor! (Mike is standing up) Where... where are you going? Mike: Going go to the bathroom. Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. Mike: Why? Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the    nutrients. Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. (We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then    we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of    Mike.) Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? (Mike looks bewildered) Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing   to him. Guess we know who wears the pants in that family.   (people are laughing, while   Mike still seems bewildered) Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! (There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand    in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him) Phoebe: Hey, hey! (shouting) Boo us? Boo you!   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone    rings.]   Joey: (picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani...    Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home    right now... (looks puzzled) Okay, bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was    nice! (Rachel and Amy enter) Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! Joey: Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachel's room) Amy: You're kicking me out?  Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl! Rachel: (gasps) I can't believe I ever even tried to help   you. You are so  beyond help. Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. Rachel: Excuse me? Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then,    I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws (frantically pointing    at her nose) And suddenly I am the bad guy? Rachel: (yelling) Joey, where are those bags? Joey: (Yelling from Rachel's room) She has a lot of crap! Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great.    Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without    that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... Rachel: (doesn't believe what she's hearing) Seriously? Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. Rachel: Hips or thighs? Amy: Ass and face. Rachel: (gasps) Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking    about real stuff. Rachel: (embarrassed) Oh, I can give you that. Amy: You can? Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're...    you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. Amy: (touched) Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. Rachel: Did you just say Emma? Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella.  [Scene: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.]   Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking    about. Mike, obviously you have balls. Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. Phoebe: (the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table) I would love it. Consider    it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose,    I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball    game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who    hides it in the cake. (Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.) Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? Mike: (puts on a fake smile) Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? (he    takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin) Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm    sorry! Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and    all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my    life with you. (Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face) Mike: I'm gonna do this now. Phoebe: Oh my God! (Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.) Mike: Phoebe, I... Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! (she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring    finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then...) Oh no! (She was    wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.) Mike: Ready? Phoebe: Uh-huh! (and now Mike kneels properly) Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry    me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow    old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? Phoebe: Yes! (Mike puts the ring on her finger) Mike: I love you! Phoebe: I love you more! Mike: Not possible! (they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...) She's gonna    be Mrs. No Balls. (They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.) COMMERCIAL BREAK   [Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are    walking on the sidewalk.]   Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies    are ugly.  Rachel: That's shocking! Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! (She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand,    whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair.) Hello-oo Ross! (to    Rachel) He's rude! THE END     
Chandler: Thanks!
Chandler: Joey, we would've asked you, we just thought you wouldn't be interested.
Chandler: So excited about your letter!
Chandler: So you must be going to somewhere fancy to celebrate?
Chandler: That's where people make number two!!
   Rachel: God! Amy: So beautiful. Rachel: Oh, I know, isn't she? Amy: No, I was talking about your bedding. Rachel: All right. What's your news, Amy? Amy: Oh! Um... Well... I'm getting married. Rachel: What? Oh my God! To who? Amy: This guy! He has a killer apartment. Rachel: A-And?? Amy: A-And it's on Fifth. And the elevator opens up right into the living room. Rachel: No, what's he like? Amy: Oh! He's ok. Do you remember my old boyfriend Mark? Rachel: Yeah. Amy: It's his dad. Rachel: Huh... wow, so he's gotta be... Amy: Old? Yeah! But he travels a lot, so he's hardly ever there. Rachel: Sweety, I gotta tell ya... it sounds a little bit like you like the    apartment more than you like... Amy: Myron. Hmm... I told you he was old! Rachel: Oh... sit down, sit down. Oh, honey, you know, I once also almost married    somebody that I didn’t love. Do you remember Barry? Amy: Humpf, remember him? How we used to make out all the time after you went    to sleep. Rachel: Sometimes just nodding is ok. (pause) Uhm, so but   anyway, listen, not marrying Barry was the best decision that I ever, ever   made. Honey, you deserve   true love. Your soulmate is out there, somewhere. Someone that is your age,   that is smart, that is fun and that you care about! Amy: (thinks about it) You’re right, you’re right! I’m gonna    do it! Rachel: Ok. Amy: I’m gonna marry Myron and keep looking   for Mr Right. Rachel: Ok, let’s keep talking.   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Mike and Phoebe are walking to    their seats.]   Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. (looking    at her ticket). Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my    seat. It's my anniversary. (to Mike) Here we are! (Mike nods). Can’t believe    it's been a whole year!  Mike: I know. This has been the best year... (the crowd starts cheering so    he starts yelling) THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND (crowd stops cheering) YOU'RE    AMAZING IN BED (everyone hears it and stare at them.) (to everybody) IT’S    OUR ANNIVERSARY! Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. (on the    screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes    on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her) Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. Mike: Really? Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! Mike: (looks strangely shocked) Excuse me... (he leaves, then Phoebe realizes  what she did).   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room]   Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to    Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the    longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. Chandler: (reading) I don’t... uh... understand. Joey: (sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated    for ya? Monica: (also reading it) It doesn’t make any sense. Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! Chandler: On every word? Joey: Yep! Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? (shows the sentence to    Joey) Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens    with full sized aortic pumps...? Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. Joey: Why not? Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani (Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that'    look). Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just    be yourself! Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from  here, (points at his own heart) your full sized aortic pump.   [Scene: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel    opens the door.]   Rachel: Amy, hi! Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. Rachel: Oh, good for you!  Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. (Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does    not notice the huge amount of bags) Joey: Ah, look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH,    WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! Joey: What? Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! (she snaps her finger and points at Joey,  snaps her fingers again and points to the bags) Come on!   [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room    and Joey comes out of his room.]   Joey: You slept out here? Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get    off!’ Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re    getting rid of her. Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping    Amy badly) "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!"    I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think    it’s really good that she’s here. Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was    a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of    me. Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t    think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys.    See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna    take patience, but that’s ok. Amy: Good morning. Joey: Yeaah. Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why    I hung it on the door. Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time    for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. (points    at her eyebrows) I am not happy. (to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands)    Oh... sure you wanna eat that? Joey: (yelling at her) I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!   [Scene: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler    are there, Phoebe enters the room]   Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote    me a rap song. Ross: Seriously? Chandler: Word! Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. Rachel: Well, what happened? Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the    big screen thing... Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning    on proposing to me that same way last night! Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna    propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean,    I said no in Barbados and now this! Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... (stops himself   mid-sentence...everyone stares at him) Did I just say if I were a   guy..? Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to    him! Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? Monica: I proposed to Chandler! (Phoebe stops herself from laughing) Alright,    moving on... Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! Monica: Thank you. Phoebe: (To Rachel and Ross) Well, do you think   I should propose? Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? Rachel: (Sarcastically) Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? (claps her hands    together, faking excitement) Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to,    plus he'd never suspect it! Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two (points    to Ross and Chandler) like that? Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think?  (Amy walks in carrying a phone handset) Amy: (To Rachel) Nana is on the phone (Hands the phone over to Rachel) Rachel: (Takes the phone) Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years    ago!! Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? Rachel: (Into the phone) Hello? (announces to Amy) Oh, it's our nanny! (goes    back to the phone conversation) Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye!    (Hangs up) (To Ross) That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had?    Because my throat's been hurting? Rachel: Menstrual cramps. Ross: I don't think that's what this is. Rachel: (To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe) Can any of you watch Emma? Monica: No, sorry sweety.. Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. Rachel: (To Ross) Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? Amy: Well, I can do it. Rachel: (Thinks for a moment) Well, actually...  Ross: (He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other    side of the room) Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. Rachel: Why not? Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!  Rachel: (Defends Amy) Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. Rachel: (Shocked) Wha... the next one? Ross: (a little confused) Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge    breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! Ross: I... I don't know.. Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows (points    at her own to emphasize the word) shaped to do this alright? Do you understand    how important that is in our world? (Amy approaches from behind) Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to...    Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's    been so wonderful to me... (looks at hem pleadingly) (Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently) Rachel: Absolutely. Amy: (very excited) Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? (Ross just gives up  and leaves)   [Scene: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk    in.]   Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. (Chandler and Monica look shocked) Monica: You dropped it off? Joey: Yeah. Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to    hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked) Monica: You hand-wrote it? Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at   all! See ya later! (Leaves) Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our    file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples    that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? (Takes out his mobile) I'll just    call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. (starts dialing) Monica: Okay good. Chandler: (on the phone) Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped    off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. (listens) Uh-huh... Uh-huh...    okay... thank you. Good-bye. (hangs up looking very confused). Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way    to the bird store. Chandler: (Still looks confused) They loved it. Monica: What? Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a   child write the recommendation letter. Monica: (surprised) They thought Joey was a child? Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings. (Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller) Amy: Hi! Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. Chandler: That sounds like fun. Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. (Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma) Rachel: (To Emma) Hey! Hi, how's my girl? Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? Rachel: (sounds excited) Yeah! (Amy takes off Emma's hat) Amy: Ta-daaa! (Rachel looks at Emma) Rachel: (not excited anymore) You pierced her ears!? Amy: (Very excited about it) Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? (Rachel looks very shocked) COMMERCIAL BREAK  Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me?  Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would    it? Chandler: I think she looks cute. (Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily)    ... but I am wrong! Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? Rachel: Ugh. (takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it) (Ross enters) Ross: Hey guys.   Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see.    (Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him). Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see.  Ross: Why not? Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was    in a milk carton but it looked like meat? Ross: Come here (Removes Emma's hat) Oh! There she is! Hi! (Rachel looks worried) Ross: (sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him) What? Rachel: Nothing. Ross: (Back to Emma) Hi! (Looks at her) What... (Moves the stroller away from    him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he    realizes the difference and gasps). Please tell me those are clip-ons.  Rachel: Oh, they're real! Ross: Did she (points at Amy) do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have    left Emma with her! Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. (To Amy)   You are soo irresponsible   I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs    to have a cool fun aunt! Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! Amy: (Sarcastically) O-Okay! Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure    out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going    to do with my life. Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. Rachel: (looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief) What? Ross: That's not a thing! Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what    colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... Rachel: (shouting) Babies don't care if they're slim. Amy: Enter Amy! Ross: (very angry) Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... Amy: What? What are you gonna do? Ross: (pointing at Amy, shouting) No more falafel for you! (Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant  and looks at Ross who gestures "later".)   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the    game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.]   Mike: Great game, huh? Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... (seems distracted) Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. (looking up) Please let the Knicks win... Thank    you Thor! (Mike is standing up) Where... where are you going? Mike: Going go to the bathroom. Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. Mike: Why? Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the    nutrients. Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. (We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then    we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of    Mike.) Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? (Mike looks bewildered) Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing   to him. Guess we know who wears the pants in that family.   (people are laughing, while   Mike still seems bewildered) Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! (There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand    in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him) Phoebe: Hey, hey! (shouting) Boo us? Boo you!   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone    rings.]   Joey: (picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani...    Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home    right now... (looks puzzled) Okay, bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was    nice! (Rachel and Amy enter) Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! Joey: Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachel's room) Amy: You're kicking me out?  Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl! Rachel: (gasps) I can't believe I ever even tried to help   you. You are so  beyond help. Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. Rachel: Excuse me? Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then,    I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws (frantically pointing    at her nose) And suddenly I am the bad guy? Rachel: (yelling) Joey, where are those bags? Joey: (Yelling from Rachel's room) She has a lot of crap! Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great.    Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without    that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... Rachel: (doesn't believe what she's hearing) Seriously? Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. Rachel: Hips or thighs? Amy: Ass and face. Rachel: (gasps) Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking    about real stuff. Rachel: (embarrassed) Oh, I can give you that. Amy: You can? Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're...    you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. Amy: (touched) Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. Rachel: Did you just say Emma? Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella.  [Scene: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.]   Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking    about. Mike, obviously you have balls. Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. Phoebe: (the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table) I would love it. Consider    it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose,    I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball    game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who    hides it in the cake. (Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.) Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? Mike: (puts on a fake smile) Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? (he    takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin) Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm    sorry! Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and    all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my    life with you. (Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face) Mike: I'm gonna do this now. Phoebe: Oh my God! (Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.) Mike: Phoebe, I... Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! (she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring    finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then...) Oh no! (She was    wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.) Mike: Ready? Phoebe: Uh-huh! (and now Mike kneels properly) Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry    me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow    old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? Phoebe: Yes! (Mike puts the ring on her finger) Mike: I love you! Phoebe: I love you more! Mike: Not possible! (they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...) She's gonna    be Mrs. No Balls. (They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.) COMMERCIAL BREAK   [Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are    walking on the sidewalk.]   Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies    are ugly.  Rachel: That's shocking! Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! (She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand,    whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair.) Hello-oo Ross! (to    Rachel) He's rude! THE END     
 Rachel: God! Amy: So beautiful. Rachel: Oh, I know, isn't she? Amy: No, I was talking about your bedding. Rachel: All right. What's your news, Amy? Amy: Oh! Um... Well... I'm getting married. Rachel: What? Oh my God! To who? Amy: This guy! He has a killer apartment. Rachel: A-And?? Amy: A-And it's on Fifth. And the elevator opens up right into the living room. Rachel: No, what's he like? Amy: Oh! He's ok. Do you remember my old boyfriend Mark? Rachel: Yeah. Amy: It's his dad. Rachel: Huh... wow, so he's gotta be... Amy: Old? Yeah! But he travels a lot, so he's hardly ever there. Rachel: Sweety, I gotta tell ya... it sounds a little bit like you like the    apartment more than you like... Amy: Myron. Hmm... I told you he was old! Rachel: Oh... sit down, sit down. Oh, honey, you know, I once also almost married    somebody that I didn’t love. Do you remember Barry? Amy: Humpf, remember him? How we used to make out all the time after you went    to sleep. Rachel: Sometimes just nodding is ok. (pause) Uhm, so but   anyway, listen, not marrying Barry was the best decision that I ever, ever   made. Honey, you deserve   true love. Your soulmate is out there, somewhere. Someone that is your age,   that is smart, that is fun and that you care about! Amy: (thinks about it) You’re right, you’re right! I’m gonna    do it! Rachel: Ok. Amy: I’m gonna marry Myron and keep looking   for Mr Right. Rachel: Ok, let’s keep talking.   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Mike and Phoebe are walking to    their seats.]   Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. (looking    at her ticket). Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my    seat. It's my anniversary. (to Mike) Here we are! (Mike nods). Can’t believe    it's been a whole year!  Mike: I know. This has been the best year... (the crowd starts cheering so    he starts yelling) THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND (crowd stops cheering) YOU'RE    AMAZING IN BED (everyone hears it and stare at them.) (to everybody) IT’S    OUR ANNIVERSARY! Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. (on the    screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes    on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her) Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. Mike: Really? Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! Mike: (looks strangely shocked) Excuse me... (he leaves, then Phoebe realizes  what she did).   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room]   Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to    Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the    longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. Chandler: (reading) I don’t... uh... understand. Joey: (sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated    for ya? Monica: (also reading it) It doesn’t make any sense. Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! Chandler: On every word? Joey: Yep! Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? (shows the sentence to    Joey) Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens    with full sized aortic pumps...? Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. Joey: Why not? Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani (Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that'    look). Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just    be yourself! Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from  here, (points at his own heart) your full sized aortic pump.   [Scene: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel    opens the door.]   Rachel: Amy, hi! Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. Rachel: Oh, good for you!  Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. (Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does    not notice the huge amount of bags) Joey: Ah, look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH,    WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! Joey: What? Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! (she snaps her finger and points at Joey,  snaps her fingers again and points to the bags) Come on!   [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room    and Joey comes out of his room.]   Joey: You slept out here? Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get    off!’ Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re    getting rid of her. Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping    Amy badly) "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!"    I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think    it’s really good that she’s here. Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was    a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of    me. Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t    think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys.    See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna    take patience, but that’s ok. Amy: Good morning. Joey: Yeaah. Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why    I hung it on the door. Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time    for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. (points    at her eyebrows) I am not happy. (to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands)    Oh... sure you wanna eat that? Joey: (yelling at her) I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!   [Scene: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler    are there, Phoebe enters the room]   Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote    me a rap song. Ross: Seriously? Chandler: Word! Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. Rachel: Well, what happened? Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the    big screen thing... Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning    on proposing to me that same way last night! Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna    propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean,    I said no in Barbados and now this! Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... (stops himself   mid-sentence...everyone stares at him) Did I just say if I were a   guy..? Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to    him! Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? Monica: I proposed to Chandler! (Phoebe stops herself from laughing) Alright,    moving on... Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! Monica: Thank you. Phoebe: (To Rachel and Ross) Well, do you think   I should propose? Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? Rachel: (Sarcastically) Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? (claps her hands    together, faking excitement) Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to,    plus he'd never suspect it! Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two (points    to Ross and Chandler) like that? Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think?  (Amy walks in carrying a phone handset) Amy: (To Rachel) Nana is on the phone (Hands the phone over to Rachel) Rachel: (Takes the phone) Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years    ago!! Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? Rachel: (Into the phone) Hello? (announces to Amy) Oh, it's our nanny! (goes    back to the phone conversation) Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye!    (Hangs up) (To Ross) That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had?    Because my throat's been hurting? Rachel: Menstrual cramps. Ross: I don't think that's what this is. Rachel: (To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe) Can any of you watch Emma? Monica: No, sorry sweety.. Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. Rachel: (To Ross) Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? Amy: Well, I can do it. Rachel: (Thinks for a moment) Well, actually...  Ross: (He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other    side of the room) Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. Rachel: Why not? Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!  Rachel: (Defends Amy) Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. Rachel: (Shocked) Wha... the next one? Ross: (a little confused) Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge    breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! Ross: I... I don't know.. Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows (points    at her own to emphasize the word) shaped to do this alright? Do you understand    how important that is in our world? (Amy approaches from behind) Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to...    Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's    been so wonderful to me... (looks at hem pleadingly) (Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently) Rachel: Absolutely. Amy: (very excited) Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? (Ross just gives up  and leaves)   [Scene: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk    in.]   Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. (Chandler and Monica look shocked) Monica: You dropped it off? Joey: Yeah. Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to    hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked) Monica: You hand-wrote it? Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at   all! See ya later! (Leaves) Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our    file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples    that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? (Takes out his mobile) I'll just    call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. (starts dialing) Monica: Okay good. Chandler: (on the phone) Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped    off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. (listens) Uh-huh... Uh-huh...    okay... thank you. Good-bye. (hangs up looking very confused). Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way    to the bird store. Chandler: (Still looks confused) They loved it. Monica: What? Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a   child write the recommendation letter. Monica: (surprised) They thought Joey was a child? Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings. (Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller) Amy: Hi! Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. Chandler: That sounds like fun. Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. (Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma) Rachel: (To Emma) Hey! Hi, how's my girl? Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? Rachel: (sounds excited) Yeah! (Amy takes off Emma's hat) Amy: Ta-daaa! (Rachel looks at Emma) Rachel: (not excited anymore) You pierced her ears!? Amy: (Very excited about it) Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? (Rachel looks very shocked) COMMERCIAL BREAK  Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me?  Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would    it? Chandler: I think she looks cute. (Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily)    ... but I am wrong! Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? Rachel: Ugh. (takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it) (Ross enters) Ross: Hey guys.   Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see.    (Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him). Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see.  Ross: Why not? Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was    in a milk carton but it looked like meat? Ross: Come here (Removes Emma's hat) Oh! There she is! Hi! (Rachel looks worried) Ross: (sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him) What? Rachel: Nothing. Ross: (Back to Emma) Hi! (Looks at her) What... (Moves the stroller away from    him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he    realizes the difference and gasps). Please tell me those are clip-ons.  Rachel: Oh, they're real! Ross: Did she (points at Amy) do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have    left Emma with her! Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. (To Amy)   You are soo irresponsible   I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs    to have a cool fun aunt! Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! Amy: (Sarcastically) O-Okay! Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure    out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going    to do with my life. Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. Rachel: (looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief) What? Ross: That's not a thing! Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what    colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... Rachel: (shouting) Babies don't care if they're slim. Amy: Enter Amy! Ross: (very angry) Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... Amy: What? What are you gonna do? Ross: (pointing at Amy, shouting) No more falafel for you! (Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant  and looks at Ross who gestures "later".)   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the    game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.]   Mike: Great game, huh? Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... (seems distracted) Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. (looking up) Please let the Knicks win... Thank    you Thor! (Mike is standing up) Where... where are you going? Mike: Going go to the bathroom. Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. Mike: Why? Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the    nutrients. Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. (We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then    we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of    Mike.) Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? (Mike looks bewildered) Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing   to him. Guess we know who wears the pants in that family.   (people are laughing, while   Mike still seems bewildered) Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! (There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand    in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him) Phoebe: Hey, hey! (shouting) Boo us? Boo you!   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone    rings.]   Joey: (picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani...    Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home    right now... (looks puzzled) Okay, bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was    nice! (Rachel and Amy enter) Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! Joey: Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachel's room) Amy: You're kicking me out?  Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl! Rachel: (gasps) I can't believe I ever even tried to help   you. You are so  beyond help. Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. Rachel: Excuse me? Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then,    I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws (frantically pointing    at her nose) And suddenly I am the bad guy? Rachel: (yelling) Joey, where are those bags? Joey: (Yelling from Rachel's room) She has a lot of crap! Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great.    Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without    that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... Rachel: (doesn't believe what she's hearing) Seriously? Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. Rachel: Hips or thighs? Amy: Ass and face. Rachel: (gasps) Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking    about real stuff. Rachel: (embarrassed) Oh, I can give you that. Amy: You can? Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're...    you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. Amy: (touched) Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. Rachel: Did you just say Emma? Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella.  [Scene: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.]   Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking    about. Mike, obviously you have balls. Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. Phoebe: (the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table) I would love it. Consider    it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose,    I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball    game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who    hides it in the cake. (Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.) Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? Mike: (puts on a fake smile) Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? (he    takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin) Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm    sorry! Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and    all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my    life with you. (Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face) Mike: I'm gonna do this now. Phoebe: Oh my God! (Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.) Mike: Phoebe, I... Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! (she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring    finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then...) Oh no! (She was    wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.) Mike: Ready? Phoebe: Uh-huh! (and now Mike kneels properly) Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry    me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow    old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? Phoebe: Yes! (Mike puts the ring on her finger) Mike: I love you! Phoebe: I love you more! Mike: Not possible! (they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...) She's gonna    be Mrs. No Balls. (They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.) COMMERCIAL BREAK   [Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are    walking on the sidewalk.]   Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies    are ugly.  Rachel: That's shocking! Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! (She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand,    whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair.) Hello-oo Ross! (to    Rachel) He's rude! THE END     
  Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. (looking    at her ticket). Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my    seat. It's my anniversary. (to Mike) Here we are! (Mike nods). Can’t believe    it's been a whole year!  Mike: I know. This has been the best year... (the crowd starts cheering so    he starts yelling) THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND (crowd stops cheering) YOU'RE    AMAZING IN BED (everyone hears it and stare at them.) (to everybody) IT’S    OUR ANNIVERSARY! Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. (on the    screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes    on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her) Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. Mike: Really? Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! Mike: (looks strangely shocked) Excuse me... (he leaves, then Phoebe realizes  what she did).   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room]   Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to    Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the    longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. Chandler: (reading) I don’t... uh... understand. Joey: (sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated    for ya? Monica: (also reading it) It doesn’t make any sense. Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! Chandler: On every word? Joey: Yep! Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? (shows the sentence to    Joey) Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens    with full sized aortic pumps...? Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. Joey: Why not? Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani (Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that'    look). Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just    be yourself! Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from  here, (points at his own heart) your full sized aortic pump.   [Scene: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel    opens the door.]   Rachel: Amy, hi! Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. Rachel: Oh, good for you!  Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. (Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does    not notice the huge amount of bags) Joey: Ah, look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH,    WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! Joey: What? Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! (she snaps her finger and points at Joey,  snaps her fingers again and points to the bags) Come on!   [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room    and Joey comes out of his room.]   Joey: You slept out here? Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get    off!’ Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re    getting rid of her. Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping    Amy badly) "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!"    I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think    it’s really good that she’s here. Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was    a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of    me. Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t    think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys.    See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna    take patience, but that’s ok. Amy: Good morning. Joey: Yeaah. Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why    I hung it on the door. Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time    for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. (points    at her eyebrows) I am not happy. (to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands)    Oh... sure you wanna eat that? Joey: (yelling at her) I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!   [Scene: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler    are there, Phoebe enters the room]   Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote    me a rap song. Ross: Seriously? Chandler: Word! Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. Rachel: Well, what happened? Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the    big screen thing... Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning    on proposing to me that same way last night! Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna    propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean,    I said no in Barbados and now this! Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... (stops himself   mid-sentence...everyone stares at him) Did I just say if I were a   guy..? Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to    him! Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? Monica: I proposed to Chandler! (Phoebe stops herself from laughing) Alright,    moving on... Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! Monica: Thank you. Phoebe: (To Rachel and Ross) Well, do you think   I should propose? Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? Rachel: (Sarcastically) Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? (claps her hands    together, faking excitement) Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to,    plus he'd never suspect it! Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two (points    to Ross and Chandler) like that? Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think?  (Amy walks in carrying a phone handset) Amy: (To Rachel) Nana is on the phone (Hands the phone over to Rachel) Rachel: (Takes the phone) Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years    ago!! Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? Rachel: (Into the phone) Hello? (announces to Amy) Oh, it's our nanny! (goes    back to the phone conversation) Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye!    (Hangs up) (To Ross) That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had?    Because my throat's been hurting? Rachel: Menstrual cramps. Ross: I don't think that's what this is. Rachel: (To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe) Can any of you watch Emma? Monica: No, sorry sweety.. Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. Rachel: (To Ross) Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? Amy: Well, I can do it. Rachel: (Thinks for a moment) Well, actually...  Ross: (He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other    side of the room) Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. Rachel: Why not? Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!  Rachel: (Defends Amy) Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. Rachel: (Shocked) Wha... the next one? Ross: (a little confused) Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge    breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! Ross: I... I don't know.. Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows (points    at her own to emphasize the word) shaped to do this alright? Do you understand    how important that is in our world? (Amy approaches from behind) Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to...    Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's    been so wonderful to me... (looks at hem pleadingly) (Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently) Rachel: Absolutely. Amy: (very excited) Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? (Ross just gives up  and leaves)   [Scene: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk    in.]   Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. (Chandler and Monica look shocked) Monica: You dropped it off? Joey: Yeah. Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to    hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked) Monica: You hand-wrote it? Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at   all! See ya later! (Leaves) Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our    file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples    that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? (Takes out his mobile) I'll just    call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. (starts dialing) Monica: Okay good. Chandler: (on the phone) Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped    off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. (listens) Uh-huh... Uh-huh...    okay... thank you. Good-bye. (hangs up looking very confused). Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way    to the bird store. Chandler: (Still looks confused) They loved it. Monica: What? Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a   child write the recommendation letter. Monica: (surprised) They thought Joey was a child? Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings. (Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller) Amy: Hi! Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. Chandler: That sounds like fun. Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. (Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma) Rachel: (To Emma) Hey! Hi, how's my girl? Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? Rachel: (sounds excited) Yeah! (Amy takes off Emma's hat) Amy: Ta-daaa! (Rachel looks at Emma) Rachel: (not excited anymore) You pierced her ears!? Amy: (Very excited about it) Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? (Rachel looks very shocked) COMMERCIAL BREAK  Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me?  Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would    it? Chandler: I think she looks cute. (Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily)    ... but I am wrong! Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? Rachel: Ugh. (takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it) (Ross enters) Ross: Hey guys.   Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see.    (Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him). Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see.  Ross: Why not? Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was    in a milk carton but it looked like meat? Ross: Come here (Removes Emma's hat) Oh! There she is! Hi! (Rachel looks worried) Ross: (sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him) What? Rachel: Nothing. Ross: (Back to Emma) Hi! (Looks at her) What... (Moves the stroller away from    him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he    realizes the difference and gasps). Please tell me those are clip-ons.  Rachel: Oh, they're real! Ross: Did she (points at Amy) do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have    left Emma with her! Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. (To Amy)   You are soo irresponsible   I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs    to have a cool fun aunt! Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! Amy: (Sarcastically) O-Okay! Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure    out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going    to do with my life. Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. Rachel: (looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief) What? Ross: That's not a thing! Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what    colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... Rachel: (shouting) Babies don't care if they're slim. Amy: Enter Amy! Ross: (very angry) Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... Amy: What? What are you gonna do? Ross: (pointing at Amy, shouting) No more falafel for you! (Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant  and looks at Ross who gestures "later".)   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the    game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.]   Mike: Great game, huh? Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... (seems distracted) Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. (looking up) Please let the Knicks win... Thank    you Thor! (Mike is standing up) Where... where are you going? Mike: Going go to the bathroom. Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. Mike: Why? Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the    nutrients. Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. (We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then    we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of    Mike.) Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? (Mike looks bewildered) Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing   to him. Guess we know who wears the pants in that family.   (people are laughing, while   Mike still seems bewildered) Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! (There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand    in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him) Phoebe: Hey, hey! (shouting) Boo us? Boo you!   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone    rings.]   Joey: (picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani...    Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home    right now... (looks puzzled) Okay, bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was    nice! (Rachel and Amy enter) Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! Joey: Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachel's room) Amy: You're kicking me out?  Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl! Rachel: (gasps) I can't believe I ever even tried to help   you. You are so  beyond help. Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. Rachel: Excuse me? Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then,    I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws (frantically pointing    at her nose) And suddenly I am the bad guy? Rachel: (yelling) Joey, where are those bags? Joey: (Yelling from Rachel's room) She has a lot of crap! Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great.    Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without    that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... Rachel: (doesn't believe what she's hearing) Seriously? Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. Rachel: Hips or thighs? Amy: Ass and face. Rachel: (gasps) Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking    about real stuff. Rachel: (embarrassed) Oh, I can give you that. Amy: You can? Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're...    you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. Amy: (touched) Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. Rachel: Did you just say Emma? Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella.  [Scene: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.]   Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking    about. Mike, obviously you have balls. Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. Phoebe: (the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table) I would love it. Consider    it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose,    I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball    game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who    hides it in the cake. (Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.) Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? Mike: (puts on a fake smile) Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? (he    takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin) Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm    sorry! Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and    all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my    life with you. (Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face) Mike: I'm gonna do this now. Phoebe: Oh my God! (Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.) Mike: Phoebe, I... Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! (she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring    finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then...) Oh no! (She was    wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.) Mike: Ready? Phoebe: Uh-huh! (and now Mike kneels properly) Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry    me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow    old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? Phoebe: Yes! (Mike puts the ring on her finger) Mike: I love you! Phoebe: I love you more! Mike: Not possible! (they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...) She's gonna    be Mrs. No Balls. (They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.) COMMERCIAL BREAK   [Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are    walking on the sidewalk.]   Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies    are ugly.  Rachel: That's shocking! Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! (She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand,    whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair.) Hello-oo Ross! (to    Rachel) He's rude! THE END     
Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. (looking    at her ticket). Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my    seat. It's my anniversary. (to Mike) Here we are! (Mike nods). Can’t believe    it's been a whole year!  Mike: I know. This has been the best year... (the crowd starts cheering so    he starts yelling) THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND (crowd stops cheering) YOU'RE    AMAZING IN BED (everyone hears it and stare at them.) (to everybody) IT’S    OUR ANNIVERSARY! Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. (on the    screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes    on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her) Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. Mike: Really? Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! Mike: (looks strangely shocked) Excuse me... (he leaves, then Phoebe realizes  what she did).   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room]   Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to    Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the    longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. Chandler: (reading) I don’t... uh... understand. Joey: (sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated    for ya? Monica: (also reading it) It doesn’t make any sense. Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! Chandler: On every word? Joey: Yep! Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? (shows the sentence to    Joey) Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens    with full sized aortic pumps...? Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. Joey: Why not? Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani (Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that'    look). Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just    be yourself! Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from  here, (points at his own heart) your full sized aortic pump.   [Scene: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel    opens the door.]   Rachel: Amy, hi! Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. Rachel: Oh, good for you!  Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. (Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does    not notice the huge amount of bags) Joey: Ah, look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH,    WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! Joey: What? Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! (she snaps her finger and points at Joey,  snaps her fingers again and points to the bags) Come on!   [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room    and Joey comes out of his room.]   Joey: You slept out here? Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get    off!’ Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re    getting rid of her. Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping    Amy badly) "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!"    I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think    it’s really good that she’s here. Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was    a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of    me. Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t    think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys.    See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna    take patience, but that’s ok. Amy: Good morning. Joey: Yeaah. Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why    I hung it on the door. Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time    for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. (points    at her eyebrows) I am not happy. (to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands)    Oh... sure you wanna eat that? Joey: (yelling at her) I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!   [Scene: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler    are there, Phoebe enters the room]   Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote    me a rap song. Ross: Seriously? Chandler: Word! Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. Rachel: Well, what happened? Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the    big screen thing... Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning    on proposing to me that same way last night! Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna    propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean,    I said no in Barbados and now this! Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... (stops himself   mid-sentence...everyone stares at him) Did I just say if I were a   guy..? Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to    him! Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? Monica: I proposed to Chandler! (Phoebe stops herself from laughing) Alright,    moving on... Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! Monica: Thank you. Phoebe: (To Rachel and Ross) Well, do you think   I should propose? Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? Rachel: (Sarcastically) Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? (claps her hands    together, faking excitement) Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to,    plus he'd never suspect it! Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two (points    to Ross and Chandler) like that? Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think?  (Amy walks in carrying a phone handset) Amy: (To Rachel) Nana is on the phone (Hands the phone over to Rachel) Rachel: (Takes the phone) Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years    ago!! Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? Rachel: (Into the phone) Hello? (announces to Amy) Oh, it's our nanny! (goes    back to the phone conversation) Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye!    (Hangs up) (To Ross) That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had?    Because my throat's been hurting? Rachel: Menstrual cramps. Ross: I don't think that's what this is. Rachel: (To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe) Can any of you watch Emma? Monica: No, sorry sweety.. Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. Rachel: (To Ross) Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? Amy: Well, I can do it. Rachel: (Thinks for a moment) Well, actually...  Ross: (He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other    side of the room) Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. Rachel: Why not? Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!  Rachel: (Defends Amy) Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. Rachel: (Shocked) Wha... the next one? Ross: (a little confused) Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge    breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! Ross: I... I don't know.. Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows (points    at her own to emphasize the word) shaped to do this alright? Do you understand    how important that is in our world? (Amy approaches from behind) Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to...    Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's    been so wonderful to me... (looks at hem pleadingly) (Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently) Rachel: Absolutely. Amy: (very excited) Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? (Ross just gives up  and leaves)   [Scene: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk    in.]   Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. (Chandler and Monica look shocked) Monica: You dropped it off? Joey: Yeah. Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to    hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked) Monica: You hand-wrote it? Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at   all! See ya later! (Leaves) Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our    file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples    that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? (Takes out his mobile) I'll just    call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. (starts dialing) Monica: Okay good. Chandler: (on the phone) Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped    off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. (listens) Uh-huh... Uh-huh...    okay... thank you. Good-bye. (hangs up looking very confused). Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way    to the bird store. Chandler: (Still looks confused) They loved it. Monica: What? Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a   child write the recommendation letter. Monica: (surprised) They thought Joey was a child? Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings. (Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller) Amy: Hi! Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. Chandler: That sounds like fun. Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. (Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma) Rachel: (To Emma) Hey! Hi, how's my girl? Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? Rachel: (sounds excited) Yeah! (Amy takes off Emma's hat) Amy: Ta-daaa! (Rachel looks at Emma) Rachel: (not excited anymore) You pierced her ears!? Amy: (Very excited about it) Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? (Rachel looks very shocked) COMMERCIAL BREAK  Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me?  Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would    it? Chandler: I think she looks cute. (Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily)    ... but I am wrong! Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? Rachel: Ugh. (takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it) (Ross enters) Ross: Hey guys.   Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see.    (Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him). Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see.  Ross: Why not? Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was    in a milk carton but it looked like meat? Ross: Come here (Removes Emma's hat) Oh! There she is! Hi! (Rachel looks worried) Ross: (sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him) What? Rachel: Nothing. Ross: (Back to Emma) Hi! (Looks at her) What... (Moves the stroller away from    him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he    realizes the difference and gasps). Please tell me those are clip-ons.  Rachel: Oh, they're real! Ross: Did she (points at Amy) do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have    left Emma with her! Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. (To Amy)   You are soo irresponsible   I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs    to have a cool fun aunt! Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! Amy: (Sarcastically) O-Okay! Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure    out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going    to do with my life. Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. Rachel: (looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief) What? Ross: That's not a thing! Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what    colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... Rachel: (shouting) Babies don't care if they're slim. Amy: Enter Amy! Ross: (very angry) Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... Amy: What? What are you gonna do? Ross: (pointing at Amy, shouting) No more falafel for you! (Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant  and looks at Ross who gestures "later".)   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the    game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.]   Mike: Great game, huh? Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... (seems distracted) Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. (looking up) Please let the Knicks win... Thank    you Thor! (Mike is standing up) Where... where are you going? Mike: Going go to the bathroom. Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. Mike: Why? Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the    nutrients. Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. (We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then    we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of    Mike.) Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? (Mike looks bewildered) Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing   to him. Guess we know who wears the pants in that family.   (people are laughing, while   Mike still seems bewildered) Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! (There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand    in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him) Phoebe: Hey, hey! (shouting) Boo us? Boo you!   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone    rings.]   Joey: (picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani...    Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home    right now... (looks puzzled) Okay, bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was    nice! (Rachel and Amy enter) Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! Joey: Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachel's room) Amy: You're kicking me out?  Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl! Rachel: (gasps) I can't believe I ever even tried to help   you. You are so  beyond help. Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. Rachel: Excuse me? Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then,    I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws (frantically pointing    at her nose) And suddenly I am the bad guy? Rachel: (yelling) Joey, where are those bags? Joey: (Yelling from Rachel's room) She has a lot of crap! Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great.    Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without    that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... Rachel: (doesn't believe what she's hearing) Seriously? Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. Rachel: Hips or thighs? Amy: Ass and face. Rachel: (gasps) Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking    about real stuff. Rachel: (embarrassed) Oh, I can give you that. Amy: You can? Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're...    you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. Amy: (touched) Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. Rachel: Did you just say Emma? Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella.  [Scene: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.]   Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking    about. Mike, obviously you have balls. Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. Phoebe: (the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table) I would love it. Consider    it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose,    I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball    game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who    hides it in the cake. (Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.) Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? Mike: (puts on a fake smile) Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? (he    takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin) Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm    sorry! Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and    all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my    life with you. (Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face) Mike: I'm gonna do this now. Phoebe: Oh my God! (Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.) Mike: Phoebe, I... Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! (she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring    finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then...) Oh no! (She was    wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.) Mike: Ready? Phoebe: Uh-huh! (and now Mike kneels properly) Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry    me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow    old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? Phoebe: Yes! (Mike puts the ring on her finger) Mike: I love you! Phoebe: I love you more! Mike: Not possible! (they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...) She's gonna    be Mrs. No Balls. (They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.) COMMERCIAL BREAK   [Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are    walking on the sidewalk.]   Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies    are ugly.  Rachel: That's shocking! Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! (She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand,    whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair.) Hello-oo Ross! (to    Rachel) He's rude! THE END     
Chandler: (reading) I don’t... uh... understand.
Chandler: On every word?
Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens    with full sized aortic pumps...?
Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from  here, (points at his own heart) your full sized aortic pump.
Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year.
Chandler: Word!
Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... (stops himself   mid-sentence...everyone stares at him) Did I just say if I were a   guy..?
Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing!
Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think? 
Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming?
Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy?
Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? (Takes out his mobile) I'll just    call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. (starts dialing)
Chandler: (on the phone) Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped    off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. (listens) Uh-huh... Uh-huh...    okay... thank you. Good-bye. (hangs up looking very confused).
Chandler: (Still looks confused) They loved it.
Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a   child write the recommendation letter.
Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings.
Chandler: That sounds like fun.
Chandler: I think she looks cute. (Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily)    ... but I am wrong!
Ross: Hey guys.   Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross.
Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was    in a milk carton but it looked like meat?
Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects!
Written by: Sebastian Jones   Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa    Final check by    Kim  [Scene: Central Perk, everyone except Phoebe is there] Phoebe: (she enters) Hey... All: Hey! Rachel: Hi! Ross: Pheebs, what's wrong? Phoebe: Oh, I'm just so exhausted from dragging around this...    (she shows her ring) HUGE engagement ring! All: OH! Rachel: My God! Joey: Hey!  Rachel: Congratulations! Wow!! Ross: So, did he get on one knee, did he have a speech prepared,    or (in a tender way) did he cry? (the guys look at him) Yeah, big surprise,    I like proposals! Phoebe: Well, it was really sweet, and like the   most romantic thing ever. Joey: Well, hey! Well... (he takes his mug to toast Phoebe)    Here's to Phoebe, who's found the greatest guy in the world! To Phoebe and...    (a bit uncertain) I wanna say Mike? (pause) To Phoebe and Mike! All: Whoo! Phoebe: Thank you! (to Rachel) Oh, and I have something for    you! Rachel: Mmh-mmh! Phoebe: It's, yes, my little black book. It's got the numbers    of all the guys I've dated. Rachel: Oh, Pheebs, baby, that's nice but, you know what,    I think I'm ok. Why don't you give it to one of your other single girlfriends?   Phoebe: I would, but you're the last one. Rachel: (angrily) GIVE ME THE BOOK! (she takes it and start    reading) Pablo Diaz, Brady Smith, huh, "Guy-in-van"? Phoebe: Oh, my first love!  Rachel: Oh! Monica: What does the red X next to Bob Greenmore's name mean? Phoebe: Dead. (everyone is a bit upset) Oh, it's OK, no,   he  was old, yeah! And he lived a full life, he was in the first wave   at Omaha Beach. Chandler: Hey, I'm sorry, I should have given you guys my    black book when I got married! Although it wasn't so much a book as a... napkin.    With Janice's phone number on it. Rachel: Phoebe, isn't Jethro Tull a band? Phoebe: (proud of herself) Oh yes, they are.  OPENING CREDITS  [Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment]   Chandler: (he enters) Hey honey! Joey: (Looking inside the fridge, and we only see his back.    Then he closes the door, and we see it's Joey.) Hi sweetie! Chandler: Is Monica not here? Joey: No. Chandler: Oh, then I'll tell you. My agency was bidding for   a big account and they got it! It's my first national commercial! Joey: Cool! Chandler: Yeah, and I don't wanna brag but a lot of the ideas    were mine! (silence) Hell, you weren't there? All the ideas were   mine!!! Joey: That's great! Hey, can you cast me in it? Chandler: Oh... I don't know, I really don't think you're    right for the part. Joey: What do you mean? I can do anything, I'm a chameleon!    Huh? (he mimes an old man with a beard) I'm old! (then he yawns) I'm tired!    (then he mimes someone who's hot...) Hey, I'm hot (...and cold) I'm cold!! Huh??    Come on! What can't I do? Chandler: First of all. Bravo. Uh, but I really don't think    you're right for this. The part calls for a stuffy college professor. Joey: I can do that! (in a deeper voice) "Hello, I'm    your professor. When I'm not busy thinking of important things or... professing.    I like to use..." Oh, what's the product? Chandler: Software that facilitates inter-business networking    e-solutions? Joey: (after a long pause he starts miming again) I'm cold!    [Scene: Central Perk. Charlie is sitting on the couch and Ross    enters.]   Ross: (to Charlie) Hey! Charlie: Hey! Ross: Guess who's a finalist for a huge research   grant!  I'll give you a hint, he's looking right at you.  Charlie: Ah, well, unless it's the creepy guy with his hand    up his kilt, I'm gonna say congratulations!  Ross: Oh, I'm so excited, I mean, apparently I beat out hundreds    of other applicants, included five guys I went to graduate school with. Not      that I'm keeping score or anything... five! Charlie: Wow, that's great! So, tell me about the grant! Ross: Well, ok, it's for 25 thousand dollars. And if I get    it, I'll finally be able to complete my field research! And there    will be  an article about me in the "Paleontology Review"! Yeah!    That'll be  the first time my name is in there, without people raising serious    questions    about my work! Charlie: Wait. Are you talking about the Dewar grant? Ross: Yeah. Why? Charlie: Benjamin Hobart is administering that grant. Ross: Your ex-boyfriend? Charlie: Yeah. Ross: So, your ex-boyfriend is gonna determine if your new    boyfriend gets this grant? Wow, your new boyfriend is screwed! Charlie: No, no, we ended up in great terms. I mean, if anything,    I think this could help you. You know what? Why don't we all go out to dinner    together, and I can introduce you. Ross: Well, if you think it would help. Charlie: Yes, absolutely. I'll call him. Ross: Ok, now, is there anything I can do to... you know,    butter him up? Anything he really likes? Charlie: Mmh... he does have a pretty serious latex fetish. Ross: We'll see how dinner goes.   [Scene: Phoebe's apartment. She is packing a few tings into boxes.] Phoebe: (looking at Monica entering) Hey!  Monica: Hey, you wanna go to see a movie? Phoebe: Well, I told you I had to spend all the day clearing    out stuff, so Mike could move in. Monica: Oh, right. Phoebe: Yeah.  Monica: Oh, well. Now that I'm here I might as well help you    with the cleaning and organizing! Just happen to have my label maker! Phoebe: Oh, it's so hard to get rid of stuff! Did   you and Chandler have to make compromises when you first moved in together? Monica: Uh, Chandler did! What does he want you  to give  up?  Phoebe: A bunch of stuff. And the worst one... he wants me    to get rid of Gladys. Monica: Who's Gladys? (Phoebe shows her a horrific painting    with a half-a-body girl dummy coming out of the frame. Monica's frightened and    she gasps.) Oh! What a tragic loss! Phoebe: Yeah. I really hate to give her up. Oh,   I know!! Oh, you should take her! Monica: (faking happiness) Well, I-I-I-I... I don't know... Phoebe: Why, you don't like her? Monica: Well, of course I do. What's not to like! I'll    take her in a minute! But, you know, I think that you're giving up too    easy, honey. I think that you need to fight for her! Phoebe: Really? You think? Monica: Absolutely! Yes, you say to him "I'm sorry    Mike I can't live without her, she means too much to me!" Phoebe: Ok, I'll fight for her. Ok! Oh, wait, oh I just    realized... if I do that, that means you don't get her. Monica: Damn it, I did not think this through!  [Scene: Central Perk. Rachel, Joey and Emma are there.]    Chandler: Hey you guys.  Rachel: Hi! Joey: Oh! Any word on casting yet? Chandler: Joe, I told you, you're just not right for    the part. Joey: What do you mean? Rach, don't I seem like a professor    you'd buy some kind of e-crap from? Rachel: I'm sorry, this sounds like something I'm never gonna    be interested in. Joey (to Chandler): Look, c'mon, please? It's    not like I'm asking for some crazy favour. This is what I do for a living. I    am a professional actor! (he glances at his watch and sees the time) Oh, man,    I'm two hours late for work! (he stands, ready to go). Look, here's a    copy of my reels. It's got all the commercials that I've been in. Chandler: Joe... Joey: Just watch it, and if you don't like it, you don't    pass it on to your bosses! Chandler: Fine! Joey: Thank you. (he sits down) Chandler: Work, Joe! Joey: Damn it! (he leaves) Chandler (to Rachel): What am I gonna do now? Joey: Just pass it to your boss! Chandler: He's not right for the part. So if I suggest    him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should    learn on their own! Rachel: Just tell Joey that you watched the tape and you liked    it, but your bosses didn't. Then that way, you're the good guy and    they're the bad guys. Chandler: That's good! I liked it, they didn't.    (he sees Joey out of the window hitting on a girl) Joey, for God's sake,    go to work! (Joey runs away).  [Scene: A restaurant. Ross and Charlie are waiting for her ex-boyfriend,    Benjamin Hobart]    Ross: I can't believe I'm about to meet Benjamin Hobart.    I've always thought of him as one of the people I'd invite to my fantasy dinner    party. Do you think there's any chance he'll bring Christie Brinkley    or C3PO? Charlie: (glances over Ross' shoulder) Sorry, looks    like it's just him. Benjamin: Charlie! My God, you look absolutely stunning! Ross: Well, I... I am having a good hair day. Benjamin: So good to see you. Charlie: Me too. (she and Benjamin are hugging for very long    and Ross starts pretending to clear his throat, until they stop) Ross: I'm ok. Charlie: I'm sorry... (introduces them to each other) Ross    Geller... Benjamin Hobart. Ross: It's an honor to meet you. I can't tell    you how long I've been an admirer of your work, I mean, that Nobel prize,    (he thumbs up) whoooo! I mean, I have to tell you that, you're one of    the reasons I got into the field. Benjamin: Oh, well, likewise. Actually, not likewise. I've    never heard of you until this morning, but, it's nice to be nice!  Charlie: Shall we? (they sit down and Benjamin takes Ross'    chair). Benjamin: (to Ross) Thank you! (to Charlie). I can't    believe that you chose this restaurant! Do you remember the night? Charlie: Oh my God, I completely forgot! (they laugh) Oh   my  God! I can't believe they let us back in this place! (they laugh   more, and Ross start laughing too). Benjamin (to Ross): You weren't there! Ross: No, but, it's, you know, it's just a funny image,    you know, the two of you, in this restaurant, with... (laughs nervously)tzz-zzz,    mmm. Charlie: Ross, why don't you tell Benji about your proposal,    while I go to the ladies room? Benjamin: So, tell me about it. Ross: Ok well, I would like to do a dig in the painted desert. Benjamin: M-m. Ross: See, there are still several areas that haven't    been fully excavated. Benjamin: Break up with Charlie! Ross: What? Benjamin: What? Ross: Did you just say "break up with Charlie"? Benjamin: Well, yes, and now. Yes I did say it, and no, I    didn't not say it. Ross: Kind of inappropriate, don't you think? Benjamin: I'm sorry. I just haven't seen her for so    long! All these feelings are rushing back! I'm starting to realize how much    I missed her, and I'm gonna need you to break up with her. Ross: Are you serious? Benjamin: If you say yes then I'm serious, if you say no then    I'm joking! Ross: No! Benjamin: Joking it is!  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters the room.]   Phoebe: Hi! Sorry, I'm late. Monica: Hey, how did it go with Mike, is he gonna let you    keep the painting? Phoebe: No, he really hates it. But he's gonna let me    keep my box of human hair! So you got to pick your battles. But the good news    is, Gladys is yours! Monica: Wow, what's the bad news! Rachel: Who's Gladys? Phoebe: Oh, she's that work of art I made, you know,    with the woman coming out of the frame. Rachel: (sarcastic) Oh, and Monica gets to keep her?   In her house? I am so jealous! Phoebe: Oh, I didn't know you wanted her too! Monica: Huh! Rachel: Well, I mean, sure, of course. But... you already    gave that to Monica, so... Monica: You know, I would give her up, for you. Rachel: No, I couldn't let you do that. Monica: But I want to. Rachel: But I don't want you to. Monica: But I insist! Rachel: But I insist harder! Phoebe: Girls, girls, stop, ok? We'll flip a coin. Heads,    she's Rachel's, tails she's Monica's. (she flips the    coin). Tails! Monica, she's yours! Monica: No, that landed in your food! Rachel: (sarcastic) No, no, that's ok. You won fair    and square. I'm so sad!  [Scene: Chandler walks into Joey's apartment]   Chandler: Hey Joe! Joey: What's up? Chandler: Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along    to my bosses and they weren't interested. Joey: (sounds disappointed) Oh. Chandler: (Hands the tape back to him) I'm sorry man. Joey: (looks at him suspiciously) But, ehm... you watched    the tape? Chandler: (sounds nervous) Yeah! I... I... I liked it! (Joey    continues to look at him suspiciously) But, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it.    Stupid sons of bitches! Joey: (sounds confident) You didn't watch the tape. Chandler: (looks surprised) What!? Of course I did! Joey: Look, it's one thing not to cast me, but to lie to me? Chandler: I'm not lying to you, I watched it! Joey: Well, you lied again! (Rachel comes out of her room    and is observing the conversation) Chandler: I watched it! Joey: Keep going Pinocchio! Chandler: (now yelling) (pretending to look shocked) I did! Joey: (yelling back) No you didn't! (turns and goes towards    his room) Chandler: (following him) I'm telling you, I watched the tape.    (Reaches Joey's room and Joey slams the door in his face) Rachel: Did you watch the tape? Chandler:(In a sarcastic "of course not"!-tone)    No!  [Scene: Interview room. Ross and two other professors (one man,    one woman) are sitting on one side of a long desk. Benjamin Hobart is sitting    on the other side]   Benjamin: The selection committee has chosen the three of    you as our finalists today. The ultimate decision will be based upon the answers    you give to the questions I ask here. I'm gonna start with Dr. Li. Dr. Li, you    claim the field is too reliant on the Linnaean taxonomic system. How do you    propose to correct this problem? Dr. Li: Well, I believe that the answers lie in the osteological    evidence. I plan to begin there. Benjamin: (nods) Interesting. Ross: (Rolls his eyes) I guess! Benjamin: Dr. Biely, your proposal includes some field work.    Where might that take place? Dr. Biely: Primarily in the Pierre Shale region of South Dakota. Benjamin: Certainly. Very well. And Dr. Geller, when is my    birthday? Ross: (shocked and confused by the question) What? I... I...    (Benjamin looks at him as if to say "What's wrong? Answer the question") Benjamin: Care to venture a guess? Ross: (annoyed) May 12th? Benjamin: (looks surprised and un-impressed) That's not even    kinda close! (Ross looks around confused) Dr. Li, how many graduate students    you'd be needing? Dr. Li: Half a dozen. Benjamin: I see, and Dr. Biely? Dr. Biely: Three for excavation and two for analysis. Benjamin: Certainly. Dr. Geller, which 1965 Shirelles hit    was later covered by a popular British invasion band? Ross: (even more shocked) Wha..? I need 6 graduate students.   Benjamin: No! I'm sorry, we were looking for "Baby It's    You". Baby It's You. Ross: Wha...? Wait, wait, wait, just a minute. None of my    questions have anything to do with Paleontology. Benjamin: You're right, I apologize. Scratch the last question.    Spell "Boscodictiasaur". Ross: (annoyed) um... I've never heard of a "Boscodictiasaur". Benjamin: Yeah, I just made it up. Spell it. Ross: (stares at him angrily) Ok. (determined to spell it    correctly) B - O - S ... Benjamin: No, it starts with a silent "M". Ross: Oh come on!!  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. Chandler and Rachel are    talking.]   Chandler: I can't believe Joey. I hate being called a liar! Rachel: But you are a liar. Chandler: What did I just say? (Joey comes out of his room) Joey: You still here? Chandler: Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am    insulted. When I tell somebody I did something... Joey: Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there, ok?    First, you lied, right? Then, you lied about lying, ok? Then you lied about    lying about lying, ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying    about... lying... (loses count and begins to count the number of 'lyings' in    the air but gives up.) (yelling) Stop lying! Chandler: Why are you so sure I didn't watch this tape? Joey: (very angry) You wanna know wh...? You wanna know why?    (goes back into his room)  Rachel: Well, this is going well. (Chandler looks worried) Joey: (comes out holding the tape) Here's how I know you didn't    watch the tape, ok? (puts it into the vcr) If you had seen what was on this    tape, believe me, you would have some comments. Alright, now remember, I    got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan. (presses play    and he appears on the TV screen and a TV commercial begins) (The commercial: Joey says "Ichiban". It displays a few girls dancing around and Joey    fills most of the screen, he puts something blue on his lips and smacks them    saying "Lipstick For Men!" It goes on to show him playing a guitar    and putting on more blue lipstick. In the end he says seductively "Ichiban...    Lipstick For Men" and "Sahiko" and it ends. Chandler and Rachel    are speechless.)  Joey: (Yelling at Chandler) And that's how I know you    didn't watch the tape! (goes back to his room and slams the door).  (Silence) Chandler: He really is a chameleon.  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters carrying the horrific    'painting' of Gladys. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the couch.]   Phoebe: (smiling from ear to ear) Well, Gladys say hello to    your new home! (she holds out the 'painting') Monica: (faking happiness) Oh, my!  Rachel: (surprised by how ugly it is) Wow! (sarcastic) Oh,    she's so nice and big! Oh, Monica, where are you going to display Gladys oh    so proudly? (looks around for a spot)  Monica: (sounds desperate, knowing what Rachel is trying to    do) I haven't really settled on a spot yet! Rachel: Well, hey! How about right above the TV? (Points to    the spot where her famous French poster is hanging). That way, it will be    the first thing that you see when you walk in the door! Phoebe: (genuinely excited about it) Yeah, yeah! And you can    get rid of that French poster. Monica: (offended) I like that poster! Phoebe: Really? It doesn't have anything coming out of it.    Or maybe there is some place for her in your bedroom? Rachel: (jumps at the chance to make that happen) Oh! There's    nothing above your bed!! Monica: (Impatient with Rachel) Are you still here? [Scene: Ross' office. Ross is pacing and Benjamin enters]   Ross: Oh hi! Hello! Uh, have you come to ask me some more paleontology    related questions? Uhm... your grandmother's nickname, perhaps? (Now yelling)    Aunt Margaret's pants size? Benjamin: I've come here to apologize. I think I may have    let my feelings for Charlie interfere with the interview process.  Ross: (Sarcastic) No! Stop!  Benjamin: Anyway, I've decided to offer you the grant.  Ross: (Skeptical) Really? Benjamin: Well... there is just one small... stipulation... Ross: I have to break up with Charlie? Benjamin: Hey, you got one right! (Ross shakes his head)  Ross: You're crazy. Benjamin: Crazy, or... romantic? Ross: Crazy! Benjamin: Ooor... Ross: (Yelling) Get out! (Benjamin leaves)  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Rachel enters, checking the mail, then looks up and sees Gladys placed on    the barcalounger.) Rachel: O-oh my God! Joey: (enters from his bedroom) What? Rachel: Joey, what... is... this...thing... doing here? Joey: I got it from Monica. She sold it to me for a very    reasonable price. Rachel: Joey, we're not keeping this! Joey: But it's an original Buffay... Rachel: Alright, fine. You can keep it. As long as you don't    mind that she's haunted.  Joey: Hey? what? what? wey! whoo! what? what!? Rachel: Well, legend has it Joey, that... she comes alive    when you're asleep. (Joey's eyes are twice their size now, and looks nervously from Rachel to Gladys    and back.) Rachel: She climbs out of the frame, and then drags her half-a-body    across the floor, just looking for legs to steal. (in a spooky, slow voice)    And then with her one good hand, she slo-o-owly re-e-a-aches up and turns your    doorknob. Joey: GET THAT LEGLESS WITCH OUT OF HERE! (Joey leaves for his bedroom, and Rachel grins. She then takes Gladys and enters    Monica's apartment.) Monica: Hey! I sold that to Joey. Rachel: Well, why I told him it's haunted. Two can play at    this game. (gives Gladys to Monica) Monica: No, too late. You can't give it back! (she pushes    the painting back to Rachel) Rachel: Yes I can! (pushes her back again) Monica: No you can't. She's yours! Rachel: She's yours! Monica: SHE'S YOURS! Rachel: She's yours! (While they are both pushing the painting towards each other, Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Hey! (there's a pause) Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's m-i-i-ne! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Phoebe: You guys! You guys! You don't have to fight over her    anymore. (she goes out into the hallway and enters with an even more hideous    painting/collage. One of those faceles mannequins heads wearing a blueish dress    and orange gloves reaching out into the room. Around the head 3 small dolls    are hovering.) Whoever doesn't get Gladys gets Glynnis. (Rachel and Monica are    gasping for air at the sight of this monstrous piece of art.) Rachel: I want Gladys! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey's home alone, reading a Sports    Illustrated magazine when Chandler enters.] Chandler: Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And    I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part    or not. Joey: That's not the point Chandler. The point is that you    lied. Chandler: I know. You're right. What's it gonna take for you    to forgive me?  [Scene: Central Perk. Monica, Phoebe and Rachel are on the couch.] Monica: Oh my God! (we see Joey and Chandler standing there, and Chandler is wearing the blue    Ichiban lipstick!) Rachel: Excellent! Joey: Now, what do you say? Chandler: Lying is wrong! Joey: And?... AND? Chandler: I'm a pretty little girl. Phoebe: I knew it!  [Scene: Central Perk. Some time later that day. The group has    left and Charlie is there when Ross enters.] Ross: Your ex-boyfriend is insane. Charlie: Did you get the grant? Ross: No I didn't, and you want to know why? Because your    ex-boyfriend is still in love with you. Charlie: What? Ross: Yeah. He wouldn't give me the grant, because I wouldn't    give you up. Charlie: Benji isn't in love with me. I mean, he broke up    with me. And besides, he's a very ethical man. Ross: Really? Is it ethical to ask someone in a grant review,    who was the voice of "Underdog"? Charlie: I'm sure he was just joking, Ross. Ross: If you don't believe me, let's go talk to him, okay?    I'm telling you, he didn't ask me one paleontological question. Charlie: Seriously? Ross: Oh, I'm sorry, no. He did ask me one. Uhm... How do    you spell Mboscodictiosaur? Charlie: Well, if it's like the lake Mbosco in Congo, then    M-B-O...  Ross: Damnit!  [Scene: Benjamin's office. Ross and Charlie are entering.] Benjamin: Dr. Geller...? Charlie... What are you... what are    you doing here? Ross: I want you to tell her everything. About the deal you    tried to make with me, about the crazy questions you... Wally Cox! That's the    voice of Underdog! Benjamin: Like I tried to tell you in the interview Ross,    this grant is not based on your knowledge of pretty useless trivia. Ross: No, no, no. Don't do that! I want you to look her in    the eyes, and tell her the truth. Charlie: Benji? Benjamin: Alright, it's true. I behaved horribly. But it's    only because I still love you. And I would do anything to have you back in    my life. Ross: Too little, too late, Benji! Charlie: I can't believe this. Benjamin: I never should have broken up with you. I think    about you all the time. I mean, do you ever still think about me?  Ross: (indignant) No! Charlie: Yes! Ross: What? Charlie: I don't know what to say, Benji. This is all so....    romantic. Ross: or... Benjamin: Listen, I know, I may be way out of bounds here,    but is there any chance you will take me back? Charlie: Maybe... Ross: Sweetie, this conversation is starting to make me a    little uncomfortable. Charlie: Oh God! I am so sorry, but... (she puts her hand    on Ross's cheek) I mean it's... there's so much history between us, you know... Benjamin: (puts his hand on Ross's other cheek) I'm sorry    too... (Charlie and Benji both let their hands slide down Ross's face, until their    hands meet, and they hold hands.) Benjamin: I love you! Charlie: I love you too! (and they start to kiss) Ross: Okay, that's it. WE ARE SEEING OTHER PEOPLE!    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene: Joey's bedroom. Joey's asleep with Hugsy, the penguin    right next to him.] (There are scratching and squeaking noises coming from the living room, and    Joey wakes up, terrified. He pulls his blanket higher. The doorknob is turning.) Joey: Gladys? (The door opens, and there is Gladys, still in her frame though. Joey panics    and moves frantically, screaming. Then there is laughing, and the painting is    lowered. It was Rachel holding Gladys.)  Rachel: Ha ha ha, third time this week. Man, this does not    get old. Joey: You're mean! Rachel: Oh, don't be such a baby! (She closes his door again, and turns around. Then she starts screaming, terrified.    There is Glynnis... And Monica holding her up, laughing.)  end        
Chandler: Hey, I'm sorry, I should have given you guys my    black book when I got married! Although it wasn't so much a book as a... napkin.    With Janice's phone number on it.
Chandler: (he enters) Hey honey!
Chandler: Is Monica not here?
Chandler: Oh, then I'll tell you. My agency was bidding for   a big account and they got it! It's my first national commercial!
Chandler: Yeah, and I don't wanna brag but a lot of the ideas    were mine! (silence) Hell, you weren't there? All the ideas were   mine!!!
Chandler: Oh... I don't know, I really don't think you're    right for the part.
Chandler: First of all. Bravo. Uh, but I really don't think    you're right for this. The part calls for a stuffy college professor.
Chandler: Software that facilitates inter-business networking    e-solutions?
Phoebe: (looking at Monica entering) Hey!  Monica: Hey, you wanna go to see a movie? Phoebe: Well, I told you I had to spend all the day clearing    out stuff, so Mike could move in. Monica: Oh, right. Phoebe: Yeah.  Monica: Oh, well. Now that I'm here I might as well help you    with the cleaning and organizing! Just happen to have my label maker! Phoebe: Oh, it's so hard to get rid of stuff! Did   you and Chandler have to make compromises when you first moved in together? Monica: Uh, Chandler did! What does he want you  to give  up?  Phoebe: A bunch of stuff. And the worst one... he wants me    to get rid of Gladys. Monica: Who's Gladys? (Phoebe shows her a horrific painting    with a half-a-body girl dummy coming out of the frame. Monica's frightened and    she gasps.) Oh! What a tragic loss! Phoebe: Yeah. I really hate to give her up. Oh,   I know!! Oh, you should take her! Monica: (faking happiness) Well, I-I-I-I... I don't know... Phoebe: Why, you don't like her? Monica: Well, of course I do. What's not to like! I'll    take her in a minute! But, you know, I think that you're giving up too    easy, honey. I think that you need to fight for her! Phoebe: Really? You think? Monica: Absolutely! Yes, you say to him "I'm sorry    Mike I can't live without her, she means too much to me!" Phoebe: Ok, I'll fight for her. Ok! Oh, wait, oh I just    realized... if I do that, that means you don't get her. Monica: Damn it, I did not think this through!  [Scene: Central Perk. Rachel, Joey and Emma are there.]    Chandler: Hey you guys.  Rachel: Hi! Joey: Oh! Any word on casting yet? Chandler: Joe, I told you, you're just not right for    the part. Joey: What do you mean? Rach, don't I seem like a professor    you'd buy some kind of e-crap from? Rachel: I'm sorry, this sounds like something I'm never gonna    be interested in. Joey (to Chandler): Look, c'mon, please? It's    not like I'm asking for some crazy favour. This is what I do for a living. I    am a professional actor! (he glances at his watch and sees the time) Oh, man,    I'm two hours late for work! (he stands, ready to go). Look, here's a    copy of my reels. It's got all the commercials that I've been in. Chandler: Joe... Joey: Just watch it, and if you don't like it, you don't    pass it on to your bosses! Chandler: Fine! Joey: Thank you. (he sits down) Chandler: Work, Joe! Joey: Damn it! (he leaves) Chandler (to Rachel): What am I gonna do now? Joey: Just pass it to your boss! Chandler: He's not right for the part. So if I suggest    him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should    learn on their own! Rachel: Just tell Joey that you watched the tape and you liked    it, but your bosses didn't. Then that way, you're the good guy and    they're the bad guys. Chandler: That's good! I liked it, they didn't.    (he sees Joey out of the window hitting on a girl) Joey, for God's sake,    go to work! (Joey runs away).  [Scene: A restaurant. Ross and Charlie are waiting for her ex-boyfriend,    Benjamin Hobart]    Ross: I can't believe I'm about to meet Benjamin Hobart.    I've always thought of him as one of the people I'd invite to my fantasy dinner    party. Do you think there's any chance he'll bring Christie Brinkley    or C3PO? Charlie: (glances over Ross' shoulder) Sorry, looks    like it's just him. Benjamin: Charlie! My God, you look absolutely stunning! Ross: Well, I... I am having a good hair day. Benjamin: So good to see you. Charlie: Me too. (she and Benjamin are hugging for very long    and Ross starts pretending to clear his throat, until they stop) Ross: I'm ok. Charlie: I'm sorry... (introduces them to each other) Ross    Geller... Benjamin Hobart. Ross: It's an honor to meet you. I can't tell    you how long I've been an admirer of your work, I mean, that Nobel prize,    (he thumbs up) whoooo! I mean, I have to tell you that, you're one of    the reasons I got into the field. Benjamin: Oh, well, likewise. Actually, not likewise. I've    never heard of you until this morning, but, it's nice to be nice!  Charlie: Shall we? (they sit down and Benjamin takes Ross'    chair). Benjamin: (to Ross) Thank you! (to Charlie). I can't    believe that you chose this restaurant! Do you remember the night? Charlie: Oh my God, I completely forgot! (they laugh) Oh   my  God! I can't believe they let us back in this place! (they laugh   more, and Ross start laughing too). Benjamin (to Ross): You weren't there! Ross: No, but, it's, you know, it's just a funny image,    you know, the two of you, in this restaurant, with... (laughs nervously)tzz-zzz,    mmm. Charlie: Ross, why don't you tell Benji about your proposal,    while I go to the ladies room? Benjamin: So, tell me about it. Ross: Ok well, I would like to do a dig in the painted desert. Benjamin: M-m. Ross: See, there are still several areas that haven't    been fully excavated. Benjamin: Break up with Charlie! Ross: What? Benjamin: What? Ross: Did you just say "break up with Charlie"? Benjamin: Well, yes, and now. Yes I did say it, and no, I    didn't not say it. Ross: Kind of inappropriate, don't you think? Benjamin: I'm sorry. I just haven't seen her for so    long! All these feelings are rushing back! I'm starting to realize how much    I missed her, and I'm gonna need you to break up with her. Ross: Are you serious? Benjamin: If you say yes then I'm serious, if you say no then    I'm joking! Ross: No! Benjamin: Joking it is!  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters the room.]   Phoebe: Hi! Sorry, I'm late. Monica: Hey, how did it go with Mike, is he gonna let you    keep the painting? Phoebe: No, he really hates it. But he's gonna let me    keep my box of human hair! So you got to pick your battles. But the good news    is, Gladys is yours! Monica: Wow, what's the bad news! Rachel: Who's Gladys? Phoebe: Oh, she's that work of art I made, you know,    with the woman coming out of the frame. Rachel: (sarcastic) Oh, and Monica gets to keep her?   In her house? I am so jealous! Phoebe: Oh, I didn't know you wanted her too! Monica: Huh! Rachel: Well, I mean, sure, of course. But... you already    gave that to Monica, so... Monica: You know, I would give her up, for you. Rachel: No, I couldn't let you do that. Monica: But I want to. Rachel: But I don't want you to. Monica: But I insist! Rachel: But I insist harder! Phoebe: Girls, girls, stop, ok? We'll flip a coin. Heads,    she's Rachel's, tails she's Monica's. (she flips the    coin). Tails! Monica, she's yours! Monica: No, that landed in your food! Rachel: (sarcastic) No, no, that's ok. You won fair    and square. I'm so sad!  [Scene: Chandler walks into Joey's apartment]   Chandler: Hey Joe! Joey: What's up? Chandler: Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along    to my bosses and they weren't interested. Joey: (sounds disappointed) Oh. Chandler: (Hands the tape back to him) I'm sorry man. Joey: (looks at him suspiciously) But, ehm... you watched    the tape? Chandler: (sounds nervous) Yeah! I... I... I liked it! (Joey    continues to look at him suspiciously) But, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it.    Stupid sons of bitches! Joey: (sounds confident) You didn't watch the tape. Chandler: (looks surprised) What!? Of course I did! Joey: Look, it's one thing not to cast me, but to lie to me? Chandler: I'm not lying to you, I watched it! Joey: Well, you lied again! (Rachel comes out of her room    and is observing the conversation) Chandler: I watched it! Joey: Keep going Pinocchio! Chandler: (now yelling) (pretending to look shocked) I did! Joey: (yelling back) No you didn't! (turns and goes towards    his room) Chandler: (following him) I'm telling you, I watched the tape.    (Reaches Joey's room and Joey slams the door in his face) Rachel: Did you watch the tape? Chandler:(In a sarcastic "of course not"!-tone)    No!  [Scene: Interview room. Ross and two other professors (one man,    one woman) are sitting on one side of a long desk. Benjamin Hobart is sitting    on the other side]   Benjamin: The selection committee has chosen the three of    you as our finalists today. The ultimate decision will be based upon the answers    you give to the questions I ask here. I'm gonna start with Dr. Li. Dr. Li, you    claim the field is too reliant on the Linnaean taxonomic system. How do you    propose to correct this problem? Dr. Li: Well, I believe that the answers lie in the osteological    evidence. I plan to begin there. Benjamin: (nods) Interesting. Ross: (Rolls his eyes) I guess! Benjamin: Dr. Biely, your proposal includes some field work.    Where might that take place? Dr. Biely: Primarily in the Pierre Shale region of South Dakota. Benjamin: Certainly. Very well. And Dr. Geller, when is my    birthday? Ross: (shocked and confused by the question) What? I... I...    (Benjamin looks at him as if to say "What's wrong? Answer the question") Benjamin: Care to venture a guess? Ross: (annoyed) May 12th? Benjamin: (looks surprised and un-impressed) That's not even    kinda close! (Ross looks around confused) Dr. Li, how many graduate students    you'd be needing? Dr. Li: Half a dozen. Benjamin: I see, and Dr. Biely? Dr. Biely: Three for excavation and two for analysis. Benjamin: Certainly. Dr. Geller, which 1965 Shirelles hit    was later covered by a popular British invasion band? Ross: (even more shocked) Wha..? I need 6 graduate students.   Benjamin: No! I'm sorry, we were looking for "Baby It's    You". Baby It's You. Ross: Wha...? Wait, wait, wait, just a minute. None of my    questions have anything to do with Paleontology. Benjamin: You're right, I apologize. Scratch the last question.    Spell "Boscodictiasaur". Ross: (annoyed) um... I've never heard of a "Boscodictiasaur". Benjamin: Yeah, I just made it up. Spell it. Ross: (stares at him angrily) Ok. (determined to spell it    correctly) B - O - S ... Benjamin: No, it starts with a silent "M". Ross: Oh come on!!  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. Chandler and Rachel are    talking.]   Chandler: I can't believe Joey. I hate being called a liar! Rachel: But you are a liar. Chandler: What did I just say? (Joey comes out of his room) Joey: You still here? Chandler: Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am    insulted. When I tell somebody I did something... Joey: Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there, ok?    First, you lied, right? Then, you lied about lying, ok? Then you lied about    lying about lying, ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying    about... lying... (loses count and begins to count the number of 'lyings' in    the air but gives up.) (yelling) Stop lying! Chandler: Why are you so sure I didn't watch this tape? Joey: (very angry) You wanna know wh...? You wanna know why?    (goes back into his room)  Rachel: Well, this is going well. (Chandler looks worried) Joey: (comes out holding the tape) Here's how I know you didn't    watch the tape, ok? (puts it into the vcr) If you had seen what was on this    tape, believe me, you would have some comments. Alright, now remember, I    got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan. (presses play    and he appears on the TV screen and a TV commercial begins) (The commercial: Joey says "Ichiban". It displays a few girls dancing around and Joey    fills most of the screen, he puts something blue on his lips and smacks them    saying "Lipstick For Men!" It goes on to show him playing a guitar    and putting on more blue lipstick. In the end he says seductively "Ichiban...    Lipstick For Men" and "Sahiko" and it ends. Chandler and Rachel    are speechless.)  Joey: (Yelling at Chandler) And that's how I know you    didn't watch the tape! (goes back to his room and slams the door).  (Silence) Chandler: He really is a chameleon.  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters carrying the horrific    'painting' of Gladys. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the couch.]   Phoebe: (smiling from ear to ear) Well, Gladys say hello to    your new home! (she holds out the 'painting') Monica: (faking happiness) Oh, my!  Rachel: (surprised by how ugly it is) Wow! (sarcastic) Oh,    she's so nice and big! Oh, Monica, where are you going to display Gladys oh    so proudly? (looks around for a spot)  Monica: (sounds desperate, knowing what Rachel is trying to    do) I haven't really settled on a spot yet! Rachel: Well, hey! How about right above the TV? (Points to    the spot where her famous French poster is hanging). That way, it will be    the first thing that you see when you walk in the door! Phoebe: (genuinely excited about it) Yeah, yeah! And you can    get rid of that French poster. Monica: (offended) I like that poster! Phoebe: Really? It doesn't have anything coming out of it.    Or maybe there is some place for her in your bedroom? Rachel: (jumps at the chance to make that happen) Oh! There's    nothing above your bed!! Monica: (Impatient with Rachel) Are you still here? [Scene: Ross' office. Ross is pacing and Benjamin enters]   Ross: Oh hi! Hello! Uh, have you come to ask me some more paleontology    related questions? Uhm... your grandmother's nickname, perhaps? (Now yelling)    Aunt Margaret's pants size? Benjamin: I've come here to apologize. I think I may have    let my feelings for Charlie interfere with the interview process.  Ross: (Sarcastic) No! Stop!  Benjamin: Anyway, I've decided to offer you the grant.  Ross: (Skeptical) Really? Benjamin: Well... there is just one small... stipulation... Ross: I have to break up with Charlie? Benjamin: Hey, you got one right! (Ross shakes his head)  Ross: You're crazy. Benjamin: Crazy, or... romantic? Ross: Crazy! Benjamin: Ooor... Ross: (Yelling) Get out! (Benjamin leaves)  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Rachel enters, checking the mail, then looks up and sees Gladys placed on    the barcalounger.) Rachel: O-oh my God! Joey: (enters from his bedroom) What? Rachel: Joey, what... is... this...thing... doing here? Joey: I got it from Monica. She sold it to me for a very    reasonable price. Rachel: Joey, we're not keeping this! Joey: But it's an original Buffay... Rachel: Alright, fine. You can keep it. As long as you don't    mind that she's haunted.  Joey: Hey? what? what? wey! whoo! what? what!? Rachel: Well, legend has it Joey, that... she comes alive    when you're asleep. (Joey's eyes are twice their size now, and looks nervously from Rachel to Gladys    and back.) Rachel: She climbs out of the frame, and then drags her half-a-body    across the floor, just looking for legs to steal. (in a spooky, slow voice)    And then with her one good hand, she slo-o-owly re-e-a-aches up and turns your    doorknob. Joey: GET THAT LEGLESS WITCH OUT OF HERE! (Joey leaves for his bedroom, and Rachel grins. She then takes Gladys and enters    Monica's apartment.) Monica: Hey! I sold that to Joey. Rachel: Well, why I told him it's haunted. Two can play at    this game. (gives Gladys to Monica) Monica: No, too late. You can't give it back! (she pushes    the painting back to Rachel) Rachel: Yes I can! (pushes her back again) Monica: No you can't. She's yours! Rachel: She's yours! Monica: SHE'S YOURS! Rachel: She's yours! (While they are both pushing the painting towards each other, Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Hey! (there's a pause) Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's m-i-i-ne! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Phoebe: You guys! You guys! You don't have to fight over her    anymore. (she goes out into the hallway and enters with an even more hideous    painting/collage. One of those faceles mannequins heads wearing a blueish dress    and orange gloves reaching out into the room. Around the head 3 small dolls    are hovering.) Whoever doesn't get Gladys gets Glynnis. (Rachel and Monica are    gasping for air at the sight of this monstrous piece of art.) Rachel: I want Gladys! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey's home alone, reading a Sports    Illustrated magazine when Chandler enters.] Chandler: Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And    I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part    or not. Joey: That's not the point Chandler. The point is that you    lied. Chandler: I know. You're right. What's it gonna take for you    to forgive me?  [Scene: Central Perk. Monica, Phoebe and Rachel are on the couch.] Monica: Oh my God! (we see Joey and Chandler standing there, and Chandler is wearing the blue    Ichiban lipstick!) Rachel: Excellent! Joey: Now, what do you say? Chandler: Lying is wrong! Joey: And?... AND? Chandler: I'm a pretty little girl. Phoebe: I knew it!  [Scene: Central Perk. Some time later that day. The group has    left and Charlie is there when Ross enters.] Ross: Your ex-boyfriend is insane. Charlie: Did you get the grant? Ross: No I didn't, and you want to know why? Because your    ex-boyfriend is still in love with you. Charlie: What? Ross: Yeah. He wouldn't give me the grant, because I wouldn't    give you up. Charlie: Benji isn't in love with me. I mean, he broke up    with me. And besides, he's a very ethical man. Ross: Really? Is it ethical to ask someone in a grant review,    who was the voice of "Underdog"? Charlie: I'm sure he was just joking, Ross. Ross: If you don't believe me, let's go talk to him, okay?    I'm telling you, he didn't ask me one paleontological question. Charlie: Seriously? Ross: Oh, I'm sorry, no. He did ask me one. Uhm... How do    you spell Mboscodictiosaur? Charlie: Well, if it's like the lake Mbosco in Congo, then    M-B-O...  Ross: Damnit!  [Scene: Benjamin's office. Ross and Charlie are entering.] Benjamin: Dr. Geller...? Charlie... What are you... what are    you doing here? Ross: I want you to tell her everything. About the deal you    tried to make with me, about the crazy questions you... Wally Cox! That's the    voice of Underdog! Benjamin: Like I tried to tell you in the interview Ross,    this grant is not based on your knowledge of pretty useless trivia. Ross: No, no, no. Don't do that! I want you to look her in    the eyes, and tell her the truth. Charlie: Benji? Benjamin: Alright, it's true. I behaved horribly. But it's    only because I still love you. And I would do anything to have you back in    my life. Ross: Too little, too late, Benji! Charlie: I can't believe this. Benjamin: I never should have broken up with you. I think    about you all the time. I mean, do you ever still think about me?  Ross: (indignant) No! Charlie: Yes! Ross: What? Charlie: I don't know what to say, Benji. This is all so....    romantic. Ross: or... Benjamin: Listen, I know, I may be way out of bounds here,    but is there any chance you will take me back? Charlie: Maybe... Ross: Sweetie, this conversation is starting to make me a    little uncomfortable. Charlie: Oh God! I am so sorry, but... (she puts her hand    on Ross's cheek) I mean it's... there's so much history between us, you know... Benjamin: (puts his hand on Ross's other cheek) I'm sorry    too... (Charlie and Benji both let their hands slide down Ross's face, until their    hands meet, and they hold hands.) Benjamin: I love you! Charlie: I love you too! (and they start to kiss) Ross: Okay, that's it. WE ARE SEEING OTHER PEOPLE!    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene: Joey's bedroom. Joey's asleep with Hugsy, the penguin    right next to him.] (There are scratching and squeaking noises coming from the living room, and    Joey wakes up, terrified. He pulls his blanket higher. The doorknob is turning.) Joey: Gladys? (The door opens, and there is Gladys, still in her frame though. Joey panics    and moves frantically, screaming. Then there is laughing, and the painting is    lowered. It was Rachel holding Gladys.)  Rachel: Ha ha ha, third time this week. Man, this does not    get old. Joey: You're mean! Rachel: Oh, don't be such a baby! (She closes his door again, and turns around. Then she starts screaming, terrified.    There is Glynnis... And Monica holding her up, laughing.)  end        
   Chandler: Hey you guys.  Rachel: Hi! Joey: Oh! Any word on casting yet? Chandler: Joe, I told you, you're just not right for    the part. Joey: What do you mean? Rach, don't I seem like a professor    you'd buy some kind of e-crap from? Rachel: I'm sorry, this sounds like something I'm never gonna    be interested in. Joey (to Chandler): Look, c'mon, please? It's    not like I'm asking for some crazy favour. This is what I do for a living. I    am a professional actor! (he glances at his watch and sees the time) Oh, man,    I'm two hours late for work! (he stands, ready to go). Look, here's a    copy of my reels. It's got all the commercials that I've been in. Chandler: Joe... Joey: Just watch it, and if you don't like it, you don't    pass it on to your bosses! Chandler: Fine! Joey: Thank you. (he sits down) Chandler: Work, Joe! Joey: Damn it! (he leaves) Chandler (to Rachel): What am I gonna do now? Joey: Just pass it to your boss! Chandler: He's not right for the part. So if I suggest    him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should    learn on their own! Rachel: Just tell Joey that you watched the tape and you liked    it, but your bosses didn't. Then that way, you're the good guy and    they're the bad guys. Chandler: That's good! I liked it, they didn't.    (he sees Joey out of the window hitting on a girl) Joey, for God's sake,    go to work! (Joey runs away).  [Scene: A restaurant. Ross and Charlie are waiting for her ex-boyfriend,    Benjamin Hobart]    Ross: I can't believe I'm about to meet Benjamin Hobart.    I've always thought of him as one of the people I'd invite to my fantasy dinner    party. Do you think there's any chance he'll bring Christie Brinkley    or C3PO? Charlie: (glances over Ross' shoulder) Sorry, looks    like it's just him. Benjamin: Charlie! My God, you look absolutely stunning! Ross: Well, I... I am having a good hair day. Benjamin: So good to see you. Charlie: Me too. (she and Benjamin are hugging for very long    and Ross starts pretending to clear his throat, until they stop) Ross: I'm ok. Charlie: I'm sorry... (introduces them to each other) Ross    Geller... Benjamin Hobart. Ross: It's an honor to meet you. I can't tell    you how long I've been an admirer of your work, I mean, that Nobel prize,    (he thumbs up) whoooo! I mean, I have to tell you that, you're one of    the reasons I got into the field. Benjamin: Oh, well, likewise. Actually, not likewise. I've    never heard of you until this morning, but, it's nice to be nice!  Charlie: Shall we? (they sit down and Benjamin takes Ross'    chair). Benjamin: (to Ross) Thank you! (to Charlie). I can't    believe that you chose this restaurant! Do you remember the night? Charlie: Oh my God, I completely forgot! (they laugh) Oh   my  God! I can't believe they let us back in this place! (they laugh   more, and Ross start laughing too). Benjamin (to Ross): You weren't there! Ross: No, but, it's, you know, it's just a funny image,    you know, the two of you, in this restaurant, with... (laughs nervously)tzz-zzz,    mmm. Charlie: Ross, why don't you tell Benji about your proposal,    while I go to the ladies room? Benjamin: So, tell me about it. Ross: Ok well, I would like to do a dig in the painted desert. Benjamin: M-m. Ross: See, there are still several areas that haven't    been fully excavated. Benjamin: Break up with Charlie! Ross: What? Benjamin: What? Ross: Did you just say "break up with Charlie"? Benjamin: Well, yes, and now. Yes I did say it, and no, I    didn't not say it. Ross: Kind of inappropriate, don't you think? Benjamin: I'm sorry. I just haven't seen her for so    long! All these feelings are rushing back! I'm starting to realize how much    I missed her, and I'm gonna need you to break up with her. Ross: Are you serious? Benjamin: If you say yes then I'm serious, if you say no then    I'm joking! Ross: No! Benjamin: Joking it is!  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters the room.]   Phoebe: Hi! Sorry, I'm late. Monica: Hey, how did it go with Mike, is he gonna let you    keep the painting? Phoebe: No, he really hates it. But he's gonna let me    keep my box of human hair! So you got to pick your battles. But the good news    is, Gladys is yours! Monica: Wow, what's the bad news! Rachel: Who's Gladys? Phoebe: Oh, she's that work of art I made, you know,    with the woman coming out of the frame. Rachel: (sarcastic) Oh, and Monica gets to keep her?   In her house? I am so jealous! Phoebe: Oh, I didn't know you wanted her too! Monica: Huh! Rachel: Well, I mean, sure, of course. But... you already    gave that to Monica, so... Monica: You know, I would give her up, for you. Rachel: No, I couldn't let you do that. Monica: But I want to. Rachel: But I don't want you to. Monica: But I insist! Rachel: But I insist harder! Phoebe: Girls, girls, stop, ok? We'll flip a coin. Heads,    she's Rachel's, tails she's Monica's. (she flips the    coin). Tails! Monica, she's yours! Monica: No, that landed in your food! Rachel: (sarcastic) No, no, that's ok. You won fair    and square. I'm so sad!  [Scene: Chandler walks into Joey's apartment]   Chandler: Hey Joe! Joey: What's up? Chandler: Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along    to my bosses and they weren't interested. Joey: (sounds disappointed) Oh. Chandler: (Hands the tape back to him) I'm sorry man. Joey: (looks at him suspiciously) But, ehm... you watched    the tape? Chandler: (sounds nervous) Yeah! I... I... I liked it! (Joey    continues to look at him suspiciously) But, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it.    Stupid sons of bitches! Joey: (sounds confident) You didn't watch the tape. Chandler: (looks surprised) What!? Of course I did! Joey: Look, it's one thing not to cast me, but to lie to me? Chandler: I'm not lying to you, I watched it! Joey: Well, you lied again! (Rachel comes out of her room    and is observing the conversation) Chandler: I watched it! Joey: Keep going Pinocchio! Chandler: (now yelling) (pretending to look shocked) I did! Joey: (yelling back) No you didn't! (turns and goes towards    his room) Chandler: (following him) I'm telling you, I watched the tape.    (Reaches Joey's room and Joey slams the door in his face) Rachel: Did you watch the tape? Chandler:(In a sarcastic "of course not"!-tone)    No!  [Scene: Interview room. Ross and two other professors (one man,    one woman) are sitting on one side of a long desk. Benjamin Hobart is sitting    on the other side]   Benjamin: The selection committee has chosen the three of    you as our finalists today. The ultimate decision will be based upon the answers    you give to the questions I ask here. I'm gonna start with Dr. Li. Dr. Li, you    claim the field is too reliant on the Linnaean taxonomic system. How do you    propose to correct this problem? Dr. Li: Well, I believe that the answers lie in the osteological    evidence. I plan to begin there. Benjamin: (nods) Interesting. Ross: (Rolls his eyes) I guess! Benjamin: Dr. Biely, your proposal includes some field work.    Where might that take place? Dr. Biely: Primarily in the Pierre Shale region of South Dakota. Benjamin: Certainly. Very well. And Dr. Geller, when is my    birthday? Ross: (shocked and confused by the question) What? I... I...    (Benjamin looks at him as if to say "What's wrong? Answer the question") Benjamin: Care to venture a guess? Ross: (annoyed) May 12th? Benjamin: (looks surprised and un-impressed) That's not even    kinda close! (Ross looks around confused) Dr. Li, how many graduate students    you'd be needing? Dr. Li: Half a dozen. Benjamin: I see, and Dr. Biely? Dr. Biely: Three for excavation and two for analysis. Benjamin: Certainly. Dr. Geller, which 1965 Shirelles hit    was later covered by a popular British invasion band? Ross: (even more shocked) Wha..? I need 6 graduate students.   Benjamin: No! I'm sorry, we were looking for "Baby It's    You". Baby It's You. Ross: Wha...? Wait, wait, wait, just a minute. None of my    questions have anything to do with Paleontology. Benjamin: You're right, I apologize. Scratch the last question.    Spell "Boscodictiasaur". Ross: (annoyed) um... I've never heard of a "Boscodictiasaur". Benjamin: Yeah, I just made it up. Spell it. Ross: (stares at him angrily) Ok. (determined to spell it    correctly) B - O - S ... Benjamin: No, it starts with a silent "M". Ross: Oh come on!!  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. Chandler and Rachel are    talking.]   Chandler: I can't believe Joey. I hate being called a liar! Rachel: But you are a liar. Chandler: What did I just say? (Joey comes out of his room) Joey: You still here? Chandler: Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am    insulted. When I tell somebody I did something... Joey: Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there, ok?    First, you lied, right? Then, you lied about lying, ok? Then you lied about    lying about lying, ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying    about... lying... (loses count and begins to count the number of 'lyings' in    the air but gives up.) (yelling) Stop lying! Chandler: Why are you so sure I didn't watch this tape? Joey: (very angry) You wanna know wh...? You wanna know why?    (goes back into his room)  Rachel: Well, this is going well. (Chandler looks worried) Joey: (comes out holding the tape) Here's how I know you didn't    watch the tape, ok? (puts it into the vcr) If you had seen what was on this    tape, believe me, you would have some comments. Alright, now remember, I    got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan. (presses play    and he appears on the TV screen and a TV commercial begins) (The commercial: Joey says "Ichiban". It displays a few girls dancing around and Joey    fills most of the screen, he puts something blue on his lips and smacks them    saying "Lipstick For Men!" It goes on to show him playing a guitar    and putting on more blue lipstick. In the end he says seductively "Ichiban...    Lipstick For Men" and "Sahiko" and it ends. Chandler and Rachel    are speechless.)  Joey: (Yelling at Chandler) And that's how I know you    didn't watch the tape! (goes back to his room and slams the door).  (Silence) Chandler: He really is a chameleon.  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters carrying the horrific    'painting' of Gladys. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the couch.]   Phoebe: (smiling from ear to ear) Well, Gladys say hello to    your new home! (she holds out the 'painting') Monica: (faking happiness) Oh, my!  Rachel: (surprised by how ugly it is) Wow! (sarcastic) Oh,    she's so nice and big! Oh, Monica, where are you going to display Gladys oh    so proudly? (looks around for a spot)  Monica: (sounds desperate, knowing what Rachel is trying to    do) I haven't really settled on a spot yet! Rachel: Well, hey! How about right above the TV? (Points to    the spot where her famous French poster is hanging). That way, it will be    the first thing that you see when you walk in the door! Phoebe: (genuinely excited about it) Yeah, yeah! And you can    get rid of that French poster. Monica: (offended) I like that poster! Phoebe: Really? It doesn't have anything coming out of it.    Or maybe there is some place for her in your bedroom? Rachel: (jumps at the chance to make that happen) Oh! There's    nothing above your bed!! Monica: (Impatient with Rachel) Are you still here? [Scene: Ross' office. Ross is pacing and Benjamin enters]   Ross: Oh hi! Hello! Uh, have you come to ask me some more paleontology    related questions? Uhm... your grandmother's nickname, perhaps? (Now yelling)    Aunt Margaret's pants size? Benjamin: I've come here to apologize. I think I may have    let my feelings for Charlie interfere with the interview process.  Ross: (Sarcastic) No! Stop!  Benjamin: Anyway, I've decided to offer you the grant.  Ross: (Skeptical) Really? Benjamin: Well... there is just one small... stipulation... Ross: I have to break up with Charlie? Benjamin: Hey, you got one right! (Ross shakes his head)  Ross: You're crazy. Benjamin: Crazy, or... romantic? Ross: Crazy! Benjamin: Ooor... Ross: (Yelling) Get out! (Benjamin leaves)  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Rachel enters, checking the mail, then looks up and sees Gladys placed on    the barcalounger.) Rachel: O-oh my God! Joey: (enters from his bedroom) What? Rachel: Joey, what... is... this...thing... doing here? Joey: I got it from Monica. She sold it to me for a very    reasonable price. Rachel: Joey, we're not keeping this! Joey: But it's an original Buffay... Rachel: Alright, fine. You can keep it. As long as you don't    mind that she's haunted.  Joey: Hey? what? what? wey! whoo! what? what!? Rachel: Well, legend has it Joey, that... she comes alive    when you're asleep. (Joey's eyes are twice their size now, and looks nervously from Rachel to Gladys    and back.) Rachel: She climbs out of the frame, and then drags her half-a-body    across the floor, just looking for legs to steal. (in a spooky, slow voice)    And then with her one good hand, she slo-o-owly re-e-a-aches up and turns your    doorknob. Joey: GET THAT LEGLESS WITCH OUT OF HERE! (Joey leaves for his bedroom, and Rachel grins. She then takes Gladys and enters    Monica's apartment.) Monica: Hey! I sold that to Joey. Rachel: Well, why I told him it's haunted. Two can play at    this game. (gives Gladys to Monica) Monica: No, too late. You can't give it back! (she pushes    the painting back to Rachel) Rachel: Yes I can! (pushes her back again) Monica: No you can't. She's yours! Rachel: She's yours! Monica: SHE'S YOURS! Rachel: She's yours! (While they are both pushing the painting towards each other, Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Hey! (there's a pause) Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's m-i-i-ne! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Phoebe: You guys! You guys! You don't have to fight over her    anymore. (she goes out into the hallway and enters with an even more hideous    painting/collage. One of those faceles mannequins heads wearing a blueish dress    and orange gloves reaching out into the room. Around the head 3 small dolls    are hovering.) Whoever doesn't get Gladys gets Glynnis. (Rachel and Monica are    gasping for air at the sight of this monstrous piece of art.) Rachel: I want Gladys! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey's home alone, reading a Sports    Illustrated magazine when Chandler enters.] Chandler: Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And    I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part    or not. Joey: That's not the point Chandler. The point is that you    lied. Chandler: I know. You're right. What's it gonna take for you    to forgive me?  [Scene: Central Perk. Monica, Phoebe and Rachel are on the couch.] Monica: Oh my God! (we see Joey and Chandler standing there, and Chandler is wearing the blue    Ichiban lipstick!) Rachel: Excellent! Joey: Now, what do you say? Chandler: Lying is wrong! Joey: And?... AND? Chandler: I'm a pretty little girl. Phoebe: I knew it!  [Scene: Central Perk. Some time later that day. The group has    left and Charlie is there when Ross enters.] Ross: Your ex-boyfriend is insane. Charlie: Did you get the grant? Ross: No I didn't, and you want to know why? Because your    ex-boyfriend is still in love with you. Charlie: What? Ross: Yeah. He wouldn't give me the grant, because I wouldn't    give you up. Charlie: Benji isn't in love with me. I mean, he broke up    with me. And besides, he's a very ethical man. Ross: Really? Is it ethical to ask someone in a grant review,    who was the voice of "Underdog"? Charlie: I'm sure he was just joking, Ross. Ross: If you don't believe me, let's go talk to him, okay?    I'm telling you, he didn't ask me one paleontological question. Charlie: Seriously? Ross: Oh, I'm sorry, no. He did ask me one. Uhm... How do    you spell Mboscodictiosaur? Charlie: Well, if it's like the lake Mbosco in Congo, then    M-B-O...  Ross: Damnit!  [Scene: Benjamin's office. Ross and Charlie are entering.] Benjamin: Dr. Geller...? Charlie... What are you... what are    you doing here? Ross: I want you to tell her everything. About the deal you    tried to make with me, about the crazy questions you... Wally Cox! That's the    voice of Underdog! Benjamin: Like I tried to tell you in the interview Ross,    this grant is not based on your knowledge of pretty useless trivia. Ross: No, no, no. Don't do that! I want you to look her in    the eyes, and tell her the truth. Charlie: Benji? Benjamin: Alright, it's true. I behaved horribly. But it's    only because I still love you. And I would do anything to have you back in    my life. Ross: Too little, too late, Benji! Charlie: I can't believe this. Benjamin: I never should have broken up with you. I think    about you all the time. I mean, do you ever still think about me?  Ross: (indignant) No! Charlie: Yes! Ross: What? Charlie: I don't know what to say, Benji. This is all so....    romantic. Ross: or... Benjamin: Listen, I know, I may be way out of bounds here,    but is there any chance you will take me back? Charlie: Maybe... Ross: Sweetie, this conversation is starting to make me a    little uncomfortable. Charlie: Oh God! I am so sorry, but... (she puts her hand    on Ross's cheek) I mean it's... there's so much history between us, you know... Benjamin: (puts his hand on Ross's other cheek) I'm sorry    too... (Charlie and Benji both let their hands slide down Ross's face, until their    hands meet, and they hold hands.) Benjamin: I love you! Charlie: I love you too! (and they start to kiss) Ross: Okay, that's it. WE ARE SEEING OTHER PEOPLE!    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene: Joey's bedroom. Joey's asleep with Hugsy, the penguin    right next to him.] (There are scratching and squeaking noises coming from the living room, and    Joey wakes up, terrified. He pulls his blanket higher. The doorknob is turning.) Joey: Gladys? (The door opens, and there is Gladys, still in her frame though. Joey panics    and moves frantically, screaming. Then there is laughing, and the painting is    lowered. It was Rachel holding Gladys.)  Rachel: Ha ha ha, third time this week. Man, this does not    get old. Joey: You're mean! Rachel: Oh, don't be such a baby! (She closes his door again, and turns around. Then she starts screaming, terrified.    There is Glynnis... And Monica holding her up, laughing.)  end        
Chandler: Hey you guys.  Rachel: Hi! Joey: Oh! Any word on casting yet? Chandler: Joe, I told you, you're just not right for    the part. Joey: What do you mean? Rach, don't I seem like a professor    you'd buy some kind of e-crap from? Rachel: I'm sorry, this sounds like something I'm never gonna    be interested in. Joey (to Chandler): Look, c'mon, please? It's    not like I'm asking for some crazy favour. This is what I do for a living. I    am a professional actor! (he glances at his watch and sees the time) Oh, man,    I'm two hours late for work! (he stands, ready to go). Look, here's a    copy of my reels. It's got all the commercials that I've been in. Chandler: Joe... Joey: Just watch it, and if you don't like it, you don't    pass it on to your bosses! Chandler: Fine! Joey: Thank you. (he sits down) Chandler: Work, Joe! Joey: Damn it! (he leaves) Chandler (to Rachel): What am I gonna do now? Joey: Just pass it to your boss! Chandler: He's not right for the part. So if I suggest    him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should    learn on their own! Rachel: Just tell Joey that you watched the tape and you liked    it, but your bosses didn't. Then that way, you're the good guy and    they're the bad guys. Chandler: That's good! I liked it, they didn't.    (he sees Joey out of the window hitting on a girl) Joey, for God's sake,    go to work! (Joey runs away).  [Scene: A restaurant. Ross and Charlie are waiting for her ex-boyfriend,    Benjamin Hobart]    Ross: I can't believe I'm about to meet Benjamin Hobart.    I've always thought of him as one of the people I'd invite to my fantasy dinner    party. Do you think there's any chance he'll bring Christie Brinkley    or C3PO? Charlie: (glances over Ross' shoulder) Sorry, looks    like it's just him. Benjamin: Charlie! My God, you look absolutely stunning! Ross: Well, I... I am having a good hair day. Benjamin: So good to see you. Charlie: Me too. (she and Benjamin are hugging for very long    and Ross starts pretending to clear his throat, until they stop) Ross: I'm ok. Charlie: I'm sorry... (introduces them to each other) Ross    Geller... Benjamin Hobart. Ross: It's an honor to meet you. I can't tell    you how long I've been an admirer of your work, I mean, that Nobel prize,    (he thumbs up) whoooo! I mean, I have to tell you that, you're one of    the reasons I got into the field. Benjamin: Oh, well, likewise. Actually, not likewise. I've    never heard of you until this morning, but, it's nice to be nice!  Charlie: Shall we? (they sit down and Benjamin takes Ross'    chair). Benjamin: (to Ross) Thank you! (to Charlie). I can't    believe that you chose this restaurant! Do you remember the night? Charlie: Oh my God, I completely forgot! (they laugh) Oh   my  God! I can't believe they let us back in this place! (they laugh   more, and Ross start laughing too). Benjamin (to Ross): You weren't there! Ross: No, but, it's, you know, it's just a funny image,    you know, the two of you, in this restaurant, with... (laughs nervously)tzz-zzz,    mmm. Charlie: Ross, why don't you tell Benji about your proposal,    while I go to the ladies room? Benjamin: So, tell me about it. Ross: Ok well, I would like to do a dig in the painted desert. Benjamin: M-m. Ross: See, there are still several areas that haven't    been fully excavated. Benjamin: Break up with Charlie! Ross: What? Benjamin: What? Ross: Did you just say "break up with Charlie"? Benjamin: Well, yes, and now. Yes I did say it, and no, I    didn't not say it. Ross: Kind of inappropriate, don't you think? Benjamin: I'm sorry. I just haven't seen her for so    long! All these feelings are rushing back! I'm starting to realize how much    I missed her, and I'm gonna need you to break up with her. Ross: Are you serious? Benjamin: If you say yes then I'm serious, if you say no then    I'm joking! Ross: No! Benjamin: Joking it is!  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters the room.]   Phoebe: Hi! Sorry, I'm late. Monica: Hey, how did it go with Mike, is he gonna let you    keep the painting? Phoebe: No, he really hates it. But he's gonna let me    keep my box of human hair! So you got to pick your battles. But the good news    is, Gladys is yours! Monica: Wow, what's the bad news! Rachel: Who's Gladys? Phoebe: Oh, she's that work of art I made, you know,    with the woman coming out of the frame. Rachel: (sarcastic) Oh, and Monica gets to keep her?   In her house? I am so jealous! Phoebe: Oh, I didn't know you wanted her too! Monica: Huh! Rachel: Well, I mean, sure, of course. But... you already    gave that to Monica, so... Monica: You know, I would give her up, for you. Rachel: No, I couldn't let you do that. Monica: But I want to. Rachel: But I don't want you to. Monica: But I insist! Rachel: But I insist harder! Phoebe: Girls, girls, stop, ok? We'll flip a coin. Heads,    she's Rachel's, tails she's Monica's. (she flips the    coin). Tails! Monica, she's yours! Monica: No, that landed in your food! Rachel: (sarcastic) No, no, that's ok. You won fair    and square. I'm so sad!  [Scene: Chandler walks into Joey's apartment]   Chandler: Hey Joe! Joey: What's up? Chandler: Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along    to my bosses and they weren't interested. Joey: (sounds disappointed) Oh. Chandler: (Hands the tape back to him) I'm sorry man. Joey: (looks at him suspiciously) But, ehm... you watched    the tape? Chandler: (sounds nervous) Yeah! I... I... I liked it! (Joey    continues to look at him suspiciously) But, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it.    Stupid sons of bitches! Joey: (sounds confident) You didn't watch the tape. Chandler: (looks surprised) What!? Of course I did! Joey: Look, it's one thing not to cast me, but to lie to me? Chandler: I'm not lying to you, I watched it! Joey: Well, you lied again! (Rachel comes out of her room    and is observing the conversation) Chandler: I watched it! Joey: Keep going Pinocchio! Chandler: (now yelling) (pretending to look shocked) I did! Joey: (yelling back) No you didn't! (turns and goes towards    his room) Chandler: (following him) I'm telling you, I watched the tape.    (Reaches Joey's room and Joey slams the door in his face) Rachel: Did you watch the tape? Chandler:(In a sarcastic "of course not"!-tone)    No!  [Scene: Interview room. Ross and two other professors (one man,    one woman) are sitting on one side of a long desk. Benjamin Hobart is sitting    on the other side]   Benjamin: The selection committee has chosen the three of    you as our finalists today. The ultimate decision will be based upon the answers    you give to the questions I ask here. I'm gonna start with Dr. Li. Dr. Li, you    claim the field is too reliant on the Linnaean taxonomic system. How do you    propose to correct this problem? Dr. Li: Well, I believe that the answers lie in the osteological    evidence. I plan to begin there. Benjamin: (nods) Interesting. Ross: (Rolls his eyes) I guess! Benjamin: Dr. Biely, your proposal includes some field work.    Where might that take place? Dr. Biely: Primarily in the Pierre Shale region of South Dakota. Benjamin: Certainly. Very well. And Dr. Geller, when is my    birthday? Ross: (shocked and confused by the question) What? I... I...    (Benjamin looks at him as if to say "What's wrong? Answer the question") Benjamin: Care to venture a guess? Ross: (annoyed) May 12th? Benjamin: (looks surprised and un-impressed) That's not even    kinda close! (Ross looks around confused) Dr. Li, how many graduate students    you'd be needing? Dr. Li: Half a dozen. Benjamin: I see, and Dr. Biely? Dr. Biely: Three for excavation and two for analysis. Benjamin: Certainly. Dr. Geller, which 1965 Shirelles hit    was later covered by a popular British invasion band? Ross: (even more shocked) Wha..? I need 6 graduate students.   Benjamin: No! I'm sorry, we were looking for "Baby It's    You". Baby It's You. Ross: Wha...? Wait, wait, wait, just a minute. None of my    questions have anything to do with Paleontology. Benjamin: You're right, I apologize. Scratch the last question.    Spell "Boscodictiasaur". Ross: (annoyed) um... I've never heard of a "Boscodictiasaur". Benjamin: Yeah, I just made it up. Spell it. Ross: (stares at him angrily) Ok. (determined to spell it    correctly) B - O - S ... Benjamin: No, it starts with a silent "M". Ross: Oh come on!!  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. Chandler and Rachel are    talking.]   Chandler: I can't believe Joey. I hate being called a liar! Rachel: But you are a liar. Chandler: What did I just say? (Joey comes out of his room) Joey: You still here? Chandler: Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am    insulted. When I tell somebody I did something... Joey: Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there, ok?    First, you lied, right? Then, you lied about lying, ok? Then you lied about    lying about lying, ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying    about... lying... (loses count and begins to count the number of 'lyings' in    the air but gives up.) (yelling) Stop lying! Chandler: Why are you so sure I didn't watch this tape? Joey: (very angry) You wanna know wh...? You wanna know why?    (goes back into his room)  Rachel: Well, this is going well. (Chandler looks worried) Joey: (comes out holding the tape) Here's how I know you didn't    watch the tape, ok? (puts it into the vcr) If you had seen what was on this    tape, believe me, you would have some comments. Alright, now remember, I    got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan. (presses play    and he appears on the TV screen and a TV commercial begins) (The commercial: Joey says "Ichiban". It displays a few girls dancing around and Joey    fills most of the screen, he puts something blue on his lips and smacks them    saying "Lipstick For Men!" It goes on to show him playing a guitar    and putting on more blue lipstick. In the end he says seductively "Ichiban...    Lipstick For Men" and "Sahiko" and it ends. Chandler and Rachel    are speechless.)  Joey: (Yelling at Chandler) And that's how I know you    didn't watch the tape! (goes back to his room and slams the door).  (Silence) Chandler: He really is a chameleon.  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters carrying the horrific    'painting' of Gladys. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the couch.]   Phoebe: (smiling from ear to ear) Well, Gladys say hello to    your new home! (she holds out the 'painting') Monica: (faking happiness) Oh, my!  Rachel: (surprised by how ugly it is) Wow! (sarcastic) Oh,    she's so nice and big! Oh, Monica, where are you going to display Gladys oh    so proudly? (looks around for a spot)  Monica: (sounds desperate, knowing what Rachel is trying to    do) I haven't really settled on a spot yet! Rachel: Well, hey! How about right above the TV? (Points to    the spot where her famous French poster is hanging). That way, it will be    the first thing that you see when you walk in the door! Phoebe: (genuinely excited about it) Yeah, yeah! And you can    get rid of that French poster. Monica: (offended) I like that poster! Phoebe: Really? It doesn't have anything coming out of it.    Or maybe there is some place for her in your bedroom? Rachel: (jumps at the chance to make that happen) Oh! There's    nothing above your bed!! Monica: (Impatient with Rachel) Are you still here? [Scene: Ross' office. Ross is pacing and Benjamin enters]   Ross: Oh hi! Hello! Uh, have you come to ask me some more paleontology    related questions? Uhm... your grandmother's nickname, perhaps? (Now yelling)    Aunt Margaret's pants size? Benjamin: I've come here to apologize. I think I may have    let my feelings for Charlie interfere with the interview process.  Ross: (Sarcastic) No! Stop!  Benjamin: Anyway, I've decided to offer you the grant.  Ross: (Skeptical) Really? Benjamin: Well... there is just one small... stipulation... Ross: I have to break up with Charlie? Benjamin: Hey, you got one right! (Ross shakes his head)  Ross: You're crazy. Benjamin: Crazy, or... romantic? Ross: Crazy! Benjamin: Ooor... Ross: (Yelling) Get out! (Benjamin leaves)  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Rachel enters, checking the mail, then looks up and sees Gladys placed on    the barcalounger.) Rachel: O-oh my God! Joey: (enters from his bedroom) What? Rachel: Joey, what... is... this...thing... doing here? Joey: I got it from Monica. She sold it to me for a very    reasonable price. Rachel: Joey, we're not keeping this! Joey: But it's an original Buffay... Rachel: Alright, fine. You can keep it. As long as you don't    mind that she's haunted.  Joey: Hey? what? what? wey! whoo! what? what!? Rachel: Well, legend has it Joey, that... she comes alive    when you're asleep. (Joey's eyes are twice their size now, and looks nervously from Rachel to Gladys    and back.) Rachel: She climbs out of the frame, and then drags her half-a-body    across the floor, just looking for legs to steal. (in a spooky, slow voice)    And then with her one good hand, she slo-o-owly re-e-a-aches up and turns your    doorknob. Joey: GET THAT LEGLESS WITCH OUT OF HERE! (Joey leaves for his bedroom, and Rachel grins. She then takes Gladys and enters    Monica's apartment.) Monica: Hey! I sold that to Joey. Rachel: Well, why I told him it's haunted. Two can play at    this game. (gives Gladys to Monica) Monica: No, too late. You can't give it back! (she pushes    the painting back to Rachel) Rachel: Yes I can! (pushes her back again) Monica: No you can't. She's yours! Rachel: She's yours! Monica: SHE'S YOURS! Rachel: She's yours! (While they are both pushing the painting towards each other, Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Hey! (there's a pause) Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's m-i-i-ne! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Phoebe: You guys! You guys! You don't have to fight over her    anymore. (she goes out into the hallway and enters with an even more hideous    painting/collage. One of those faceles mannequins heads wearing a blueish dress    and orange gloves reaching out into the room. Around the head 3 small dolls    are hovering.) Whoever doesn't get Gladys gets Glynnis. (Rachel and Monica are    gasping for air at the sight of this monstrous piece of art.) Rachel: I want Gladys! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey's home alone, reading a Sports    Illustrated magazine when Chandler enters.] Chandler: Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And    I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part    or not. Joey: That's not the point Chandler. The point is that you    lied. Chandler: I know. You're right. What's it gonna take for you    to forgive me?  [Scene: Central Perk. Monica, Phoebe and Rachel are on the couch.] Monica: Oh my God! (we see Joey and Chandler standing there, and Chandler is wearing the blue    Ichiban lipstick!) Rachel: Excellent! Joey: Now, what do you say? Chandler: Lying is wrong! Joey: And?... AND? Chandler: I'm a pretty little girl. Phoebe: I knew it!  [Scene: Central Perk. Some time later that day. The group has    left and Charlie is there when Ross enters.] Ross: Your ex-boyfriend is insane. Charlie: Did you get the grant? Ross: No I didn't, and you want to know why? Because your    ex-boyfriend is still in love with you. Charlie: What? Ross: Yeah. He wouldn't give me the grant, because I wouldn't    give you up. Charlie: Benji isn't in love with me. I mean, he broke up    with me. And besides, he's a very ethical man. Ross: Really? Is it ethical to ask someone in a grant review,    who was the voice of "Underdog"? Charlie: I'm sure he was just joking, Ross. Ross: If you don't believe me, let's go talk to him, okay?    I'm telling you, he didn't ask me one paleontological question. Charlie: Seriously? Ross: Oh, I'm sorry, no. He did ask me one. Uhm... How do    you spell Mboscodictiosaur? Charlie: Well, if it's like the lake Mbosco in Congo, then    M-B-O...  Ross: Damnit!  [Scene: Benjamin's office. Ross and Charlie are entering.] Benjamin: Dr. Geller...? Charlie... What are you... what are    you doing here? Ross: I want you to tell her everything. About the deal you    tried to make with me, about the crazy questions you... Wally Cox! That's the    voice of Underdog! Benjamin: Like I tried to tell you in the interview Ross,    this grant is not based on your knowledge of pretty useless trivia. Ross: No, no, no. Don't do that! I want you to look her in    the eyes, and tell her the truth. Charlie: Benji? Benjamin: Alright, it's true. I behaved horribly. But it's    only because I still love you. And I would do anything to have you back in    my life. Ross: Too little, too late, Benji! Charlie: I can't believe this. Benjamin: I never should have broken up with you. I think    about you all the time. I mean, do you ever still think about me?  Ross: (indignant) No! Charlie: Yes! Ross: What? Charlie: I don't know what to say, Benji. This is all so....    romantic. Ross: or... Benjamin: Listen, I know, I may be way out of bounds here,    but is there any chance you will take me back? Charlie: Maybe... Ross: Sweetie, this conversation is starting to make me a    little uncomfortable. Charlie: Oh God! I am so sorry, but... (she puts her hand    on Ross's cheek) I mean it's... there's so much history between us, you know... Benjamin: (puts his hand on Ross's other cheek) I'm sorry    too... (Charlie and Benji both let their hands slide down Ross's face, until their    hands meet, and they hold hands.) Benjamin: I love you! Charlie: I love you too! (and they start to kiss) Ross: Okay, that's it. WE ARE SEEING OTHER PEOPLE!    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene: Joey's bedroom. Joey's asleep with Hugsy, the penguin    right next to him.] (There are scratching and squeaking noises coming from the living room, and    Joey wakes up, terrified. He pulls his blanket higher. The doorknob is turning.) Joey: Gladys? (The door opens, and there is Gladys, still in her frame though. Joey panics    and moves frantically, screaming. Then there is laughing, and the painting is    lowered. It was Rachel holding Gladys.)  Rachel: Ha ha ha, third time this week. Man, this does not    get old. Joey: You're mean! Rachel: Oh, don't be such a baby! (She closes his door again, and turns around. Then she starts screaming, terrified.    There is Glynnis... And Monica holding her up, laughing.)  end        
Chandler: Joe, I told you, you're just not right for    the part.
Chandler: Joe...
Chandler: Fine!
Chandler: Work, Joe!
Chandler: He's not right for the part. So if I suggest    him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should    learn on their own!
Chandler: That's good! I liked it, they didn't.    (he sees Joey out of the window hitting on a girl) Joey, for God's sake,    go to work! (Joey runs away). 
Chandler: Hey Joe!
Chandler: Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along    to my bosses and they weren't interested.
Chandler: (Hands the tape back to him) I'm sorry man.
Chandler: (sounds nervous) Yeah! I... I... I liked it! (Joey    continues to look at him suspiciously) But, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it.    Stupid sons of bitches!
Chandler: (looks surprised) What!? Of course I did!
Chandler: I'm not lying to you, I watched it!
Chandler: I watched it!
Chandler: (now yelling) (pretending to look shocked) I did!
Chandler: (following him) I'm telling you, I watched the tape.    (Reaches Joey's room and Joey slams the door in his face)
Chandler:(In a sarcastic "of course not"!-tone)    No! 
Chandler: I can't believe Joey. I hate being called a liar!
Chandler: What did I just say?
Chandler: Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am    insulted. When I tell somebody I did something...
Chandler: Why are you so sure I didn't watch this tape?
Chandler: He really is a chameleon. 
Chandler: Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And    I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part    or not.
Chandler: I know. You're right. What's it gonna take for you    to forgive me? 
Chandler: Lying is wrong!
Chandler: I'm a pretty little girl.
Written by: Mark Kunerth   Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa   Final check by Kim [Scene: Central Perk] (Joey and Ross enter. Phoebe and Mike are sitting on the couch, reading a magazine.) Ross: Hey you guys! Phoebe: Hey! Ross: Hey, what are you doing? Mike: Oh, figuring out our wedding plans. Chandler: That's funny, we were doing the same thing! Ross: Yeah! Phoebe: It's really crazy! The hall, the dress, the food... I-I had no idea    how expensive this stuff was! Chandler: Yeah it is really pricey. I mean, I freaked when I first heard the    numbers. Phoebe: So what did you two do about it? Chandler: It was pretty simple actually, I came up with a couple of cost-cutting    solutions, wrote out a list and Monica told me to go to hell. Ross: There's no way around it Pheebs, you just gonna have to accept the fact    that this is gonna cost you a lot of money. Mike: I heard that weddings are like a 40 billion dollar a year industry. Ross: Yeah, and I'm responsible for just like half of that. Phoebe: But really, it does seem like this money could be put to better use? Mike: Are you serious? Phoebe: Yeah! Now, how would you feel if we gave all the wedding money to charity    and we just got married at City Hall? Mike: I think it would make me wanna marry you even more. (he kisses her) Ross: I've got to say you guys, that's an incredible gesture! Chandler: (to Ross) Maybe you do that next time you get married! Ross: No, no, no. The next time it's gonna be a Hawaii at sunset. [pause] But    maybe the time after that!  Opening Credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] (Monica is cleaning the table, Chandler is sitting on the sofa. Joey enters.) Joey: Hey! Chandler: Hey! Joey: What's going on? Chandler: Our adoption social worker is coming by today so we are cleaning    the apartment. Monica: (sarcastically) We? Chandler: You know you don't want me to help. You can't have it both ways! Joey: Hey, is this person who decides whether or not you... get a baby? Chandler: Kind of. She's coming by to interview us and see where we live. Monica: And it has to go perfectly, because if she doesn't like something about    us she can keep us off every adoption list in the state. Joey: Hey, maybe I should stop by! She could be a soap opera fan! It's very    impressive when the little people know a celebrity. Chandler: (pointing at himself) Little people? Joey: (pointing at himself) Celebrity. Monica: Ok, so I think I'm just about done here, unless you have any bad stuff    hidden somewhere, like... porn or cigarettes? Chandler: What...? NO! Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (he stands up and he feels very offended) I don't, and I'm offended    by the insinuation! Monica: Ok, so there's not a magazine under the couch, or a pack of cigarettes    taped to the back of the toilet tank, or a filthy video in the VCR? Chandler: I'll admit to the cigarettes and the magazine, but that tape is not    mine. Monica: It isn't mine! Joey: (going out with the VCR in his hand) Well, I guess we'll never know whose    it is!     [Scene: The New York City Children's fund hallway.] Charity guy: May I help you?  Phoebe: Yes. We're here to make a rather sizeable donation to the children. Charity guy: Well, any contribution, large or small, is always appreciated. Phoebe: Well, I think you're gonna appreciate it the crap out of this one (she    gives him a check) Charity guy: Well, this is very generous! Phoebe: And we don't want any recognition. This is completely anonymous. Mike: Completely anonymous. From two kind strangers. Phoebe: Mr. X and Phoebe Buffay. Charity guy: Well if you like, we can include your names in our newsletter. Mike: Not necessary. Phoebe: Buffay is spelled B-U-F-F-A-Y. Mike: And "X" is spelled uhm... "Mike Hannigan". Charity guy: Right. Well, on behalf of the children: thank you both very much. Phoebe: Sure, I so glad we did this. It feels so good! Mike: It does. It feels really good! Phoebe: Oh, look! And we get these free t-shirts! (she takes a t-shirt which    was on the counter) Charity guy: Oh, actually, that's the shirt I wore to the gym. Phoebe: Mhm... it's moist.   [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] Ross: (he enters) Hi! Rachel: Hi! Emma will be up in a minute! Ross: Oh, good! Rachel: Oh hey Ross... Listen, I heard about you and Charlie. I'm really sorry. Ross: Oh, that's OK. I'm sure there are tons of other beautiful paleontologists    out there. Rachel: Absolutely. Ross: There was one! She's it! All the rest look like they should live under    a bridge! Rachel: So, uhm... what are you gonna do today? Ross: Well, I was thinking of taking Emma to the playground! Rachel: Oh my God, what!? Ross: Like I said I was thinking of taking Emma to the museum of knives and    fire! Rachel: Ok, look, Ross. I do not want Emma going to the playground. Ross: Be-caaauuuse... Rachel: (upset) All right, well, if you must know... I had a traumatic... swing    incident... when I was little. Ross: Seriously? Rachel: Yes, I was 4 years old and I was on the swing and then all of a sudden    my hair got tangled in the chain. And to get me out my mom had to-had to cut    a big chunk of my hair! (crying) And it was uneven for weeks! Ross: (sarcastic) And you made it through that? I wonder who's gonna play you    in the movie! Rachel: Ok, fine! You can make fun of me. I do not want Emma going there. And    I was thinking Claire Danes. Ross: Look, I'm sorry to hear about your tragedy, ok? But the swings are perfectly    safe, and besides Emma loves them. You know what, you should come with us and    you'll see! Rachel: Ross, those things go like 40 miles an hour! Ok? When you're... and    there is that moment when you are at the top, when you just don't know if you're    gonna return back to earth!  Ross: Space is filled with orbiting children. (pause) Look, please, just come    on, you know, when you’ll see the look on Emma’s face, I swear you    won’t regret it. Rachel: All right! Ross: Good, you don’t want to be one of those mothers who pass on their    irrational fears on their children, do you? Rachel: Irrational, huh? All right, well, I’ll remember that the next    time you freak out about a spider in your apartment! Ross: Oh, yeah, that’s the same, I am sure there are thirty different    species of poisonous swings!  [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Somebody knocks the door] Monica: Oh my God, the adoption lady is early! Chandler: Ok, ok, here we go. Monica: Ok. Chandler: Here we go. Stand up straight. (smiling) Big smile. (opens the door    and both are smiling exaggeratedly) Phoebe: Hello, is this the creepy residence? Monica: We’re waiting for the adoption lady, but, hey, I’m glad    you’re here. I was cleaning this morning and I found this (she puts a    box on the table and opens it). I don’t know if you wanna use it, but… Phoebe: Awe, this is so sweet of you! But you know what? I won’t be needing    a veil, I actually won’t be wearing a dress at all! Monica: I told you! I am not coming to a naked wedding!  Phoebe: No, no, no, we’re not having a big reception, we took the money    we were gonna spend on a wedding and we donate them to the children charity. Monica: That’s crazy! (Phoebe looks bewildered). I am sorry. I just can’t    imagine giving up my one wedding day like that! Phoebe: We, you know, we’re different! We don’t care about having    a huge party. (She picks up the veil) This is really nice for you, but, oh,    please, I put this on? (she puts it on) And, ow, I look (she looks her reflex    image on a toaster), why, well, radiant. (pause) All right, well, who cares,    I don’t need a pretty veil and a fancy dress. Monica: That’s right. You’re making a commitment and that’s    the same, whether you do that at the Plaza or, where are you gonna do it? Phoebe: City Hall. Monica: Ow! (Chandler slaps her on her back) Oh, that sounds nice! I am just    there for jury duty. They really spruce that place up! Phoebe: It’s ok, it’s ok. I made my decision. What I really want    is a great big wedding (she covers her mouth) Monica: Yay! Chandler: But you already gave all your money to charity! Phoebe: Well, I’ll just ask for it back! Chandler: I don’t think you can do that! Monica: Why not! This is her wedding day, this is way more important than some    stupid kids! Chandler: That’s sweet, honey, but save something for the adoption Lady.  [Scene: The playground. Ross put Emma on the swing and they’re    ready to play] Rachel: Ok, careful. Ross: Ok. Rachel: Careful, watch her hair. WATCH HER HAIR! Ross: Rach, she’s got like three hairs! Rachel: I know (she touches Emma’s head) but they’re just so beautiful!    Oh, my God, I just pulled one out. Ross: I promise you she’s safe! No watch how much she loves this.  Rachel: Ok. Ross (to Emma): Ready sweety? Rachel: Ok. Ross: Here we go! (He starts pushing Emma) Rachel: Ok, careful, ok. (Emma giggles) Oh, she’s smiling! Oh my God,    she does like it! Ross: See, I told you! Rachel: Awe! (Emma laughs) Oh my God! Looks, she’s a little dare-devil!    Oh, let me push, can I push? Ross: Oh, absolutely! Rachel: Ok. Oh God. (To Ross) Get the camera, it’s in the diaper bag. Ross: Ok! (he takes the camera and walks backwards to take a shot) See? Scared    of swings, I bet you feel pretty silly (a swinging boy knocks him down) Ow!     [Scene: The New York City Children's fund ] Mike: We’re seriously asking for our money back? Phoebe: It’s for our wedding day! Right, now, is this guy gay or straight,    because one of us gonna have to start flirting. Charity guy: Wow! Are you here to make another donation the same day? I don’t    think that that’s ever happened before. Phoebe (to Mike): Gay, go. Mike (to the charity guy): Oh my God, I love your shirt! Phoebe: The donation we made earlier, we k…, we w…, we want it    back. Charity guy: Excuse me? Phoebe: Yeah. See, that money was for a big wedding, that we thought we didn’t    want, but it turns out we do. Charity guy: So you’re asking us to refund your donation to the children? Mike: Yeah! This feels really good. Phoebe: I am sorry. I am, but this wedding is just really important to me. Charity guy: Hey, it’s not my business, (he takes their check from a    drawer) besides it’s probably a good thing. We really would have been    spoiling the children, all those food, and warm clothing… Phoebe: Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important!    And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a graduation party! And I didn’t    go to Prom. And I spent my sweet sixteen being chased round a tire yard by an    escaped mental patient who is his own words wanted to “kill me”    or whatever. So I deserve a real celebration and I am not gonna let some sweaty    little man make me feel badly about it.( She storms out) Mike: She could have been talking about either one of us.   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Somebody knocks the door] Laura: Hi, I am Laura, I am here for your adoption interview. Monica: Hi, I am Monica and this is Chandler. Please come in. Laura: Thank you! Monica: Would you like something to drink? Laura: Oh, water would be fine. Monica: Ok. Great. I am so glad that you are here. We’re really excited    about getting this process started. Chandler: Oh, because we love kids. Love ‘em to death.Well, not actually    to death, that's just a figure of speech - we love kids the appropriate amount...    as allowed by law. Laura: Your place is just lovely. Monica: Ah, thank you. This building does have a wholesome family feel to it. Laura: You know, I... I feel like I've been here before. Are any other couples    in the    building adopting? Monica: Is that that couple on the first floor? Because we should get a baby    before    them. Yeah! That guy tried to sell me drugs. (Laura looks shocked) Chandler: But other than that... wholesome, wholesome building. Laura: Oh... Chandler: What? Laura: I just realized why I remember this place. Monica: Really? What is it? Laura: Oh, it's nothing. I went on a date with a guy who lived in this building    and it    didn't end very well. Monica: Ohh... that wouldn't by any chance be... Joey Tribbiani? Laura: Yes! Chandler: Of course it was! Laura: Yeah, we had a really great night and in the morning he promised he    would call    me and he didn't. Chandler: RAT BASTARD! Laura: So you're not friends with him? Monica and Chandler: OH GOD NO! Nope, no, no, no. No! No, no. Nope! No, no,    no, no, no, no, no, no, no. NO! (finally Monica concludes) No! Laura: Well, I'm sorry I brought it up. So, are either one of you planning    on staying at    home with your child... (someone knocks on the door) Joey: (form the other side of the door) Hellooo? Anybody in there order a celebrity?       (He starts to enter the apartment and Chandler runs to the door and shuts it    back in    his face) OW! Laura: What was that? Chandler: Oh, it's just some crazy guy who roams the halls here. He's great    with    kids though.   [Scene: Ross and Rachel are at the playground with Emma. Rachel    in putting her back in the stroller and Ross is tending to his wound] Rachel: Oh, oh Ross, oh my God, are you okay? Ross: SON OF A BITCH! (turns to his right to see three kids staring at him)    (To the    kids) Oh relax! I didn't say the 'F' word! (They go away) Rachel: Ross, see! I told you, those swings are evil! Alright, that is it.    That is    the last time Emma is getting on one of those things for her entire life. Ross: No! No, no, no, no, okay, it wasn't the swing's fault. It was my fault    and kind    of that (point to the kid that kicked him) kids fault. Who is still laughing.    Nice.  Rachel: Ross, c'mon, please. Can we just get out of here, before somebody else    gets    hurt? Ross: No wait, okay, okay, I have an idea. I want you to get on the swing,    okay? And    you'll see that there's nothing to be afraid of.  Rachel: (looks at him suspiciously) I know what this is all about... You've    always been    jealous of my hair. Ross: Look, I just think you're an adult, okay? And you should get over your    silly    fears. Rachel: Alright fine. I'll do it. Ross: Good. Rachel: If you hold a spider.  Ross: (He freaks out and starts jumping around brushing his sweater) WHAT?    WHERE? WHERE? Rachel: IF you hold a spider. Ross: I know. (Rachel bends down to Emma and Ross looks over his shoulder again,       afraid)  [Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. Chandler is still leaning    against the door, keeping Joey out, who is still banging and shouting on the    other side.] Joey: Guys? Everything ok? It's me, Joe... Chandler: (Screams to interrupt Joey) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA......AAAaaa-doption!! Laura: What's going on? Chandler: Oh, just like I said. That crazy... Bert... roaming the halls. (Joey    bangs on    the door again) Joey: Guys!? Monica: Keep on roaming Bert! We don't want any crazy today! Joey: What's going on? Chandler: WE'LL TALK TO YOU LATER, BERT. EVERYTHNG'S FINE!!  (cut to Joey on the other side, who finally leaves the door and goes to his    apartment) Joey: Everything doesn't sound fine! Laura: Is he alright out there by himself? Chandler: Oh yeah! He has a caretaker. His older brother... Ernie. Laura: Bert and Ernie! Chandler: (nervous smile) You can't make this stuff up!  [Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe and Mike enter] Mike: You never told me about that guy on your sweet sixteen. Oh, ugh. I'm    sorry about    that. Phoebe: (Lightly) Oh! It ended okay. One of my friends shot him.  Mike: Well, hey, at least you're getting a proper wedding. I mean, you really    deserve that. Phoebe: Yeah, I really do. You know, I had nothing growing up. (thinks for    a few    seconds) Just like the kids I took the money from. Mike: No! No, no. I see where this is going. Don't make me go back there. Phoebe: Look, I can't have a wedding with this money now. It's tainted. Mike: Alright, fine. We'll give the money back. Phoebe: And if that guy at the charity gives us a hard time, my friend hasn't    shot    anyone in a really long time.   [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing    to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window, Chandler    and Monica are standing on either side of her, facing each other. Laura: Well, I must say, this seems like a lovely environment to raise a child    in. Monica: Oh, by the way, you are more than welcome to look under any of the    furniture,    because, believe me, you won't find any porn or cigarettes under there! Laura: Oh! Well, actually, before we look around, let me make sure I have everything    I need    up to here... (She starts checking her form. Chandler sees movement near the window from       the corner of his eye and when he looks he spots Joey climbing up the fire escape    and    onto their balcony. He warns Monica silently.) Monica: (Pulls Laura into the spare room) Why don't I show you the baby's room? (Joey enters through the side window and jogs towards the kitchen holding a    baseball bat) Chandler: What the hell are you doing? Joey: Well, you wouldn't let me in, so I thought you were in trouble. Chandler: Well, we're not. Joey: But you called me 'Bert'!? That's our code word for danger! Chandler: We don't have a code word. Joey: We don't? We really should. From now on, 'Bert' will be our code word    for danger. (Monica talks loudly in the baby's room) Monica: So that was the baby's room. (They come out and Chandler throws Joey    behind    the couch and puts his foot on him. Monica looks at Chandler) Monica: (To Chandler) What room should we see next? Chandler: Any room that isn't behind this couch! (laughs nervously) Monica: (laughs nervously as well, Laura looks confused) (To Laura) Some people    don't    get him, but I think he's really funny! (She takes Laura to their own bedroom). (Joey gets up and look annoyed) Joey: (quivering with anger) I did not care for that! Chandler: (escorting Joey to the door) You have to get out of here. You slept    with    our social worker and you never called her back and she is still pissed, so    she can't    see you. Joey: Ok, ok! (He leaves) Chandler: Ok! (Joey leaves and closes the door behind him. Chandler walks towards the living    room, but then Joey enters again.) Chandler: What? Joey: I forgot my bat. (He picks up his bat and holds it up, but then Monica and Laura enter the living    room again. When Laura sees Joey, she freezes...) Laura: Oh my God! Chandler: And for the last time, we do not want to be friends with you! And    we don't want to buy your bat! (Joey lowers his bat) Laura: What are you doing here? Joey: (to Chandler) Bert! Bert! Bert! Bert! Laura: Are you friends with him? Chandler: I can explain... Joey... Joey: Uhm... ok... uhm... Well, yeah... You have got some nerve, coming back    here. I can't believe you never called me. Laura: Excuse me? Joey: Oh... yeah... Probably you don't even remember my name. It's Joey, by    the way. And don't bother telling me yours, because I totally remember it...    lady. Yeah! I waited weeks for you to call me. Laura: I gave you my number, you never called me. Joey: No, no! Don't try to turn this around on me, ok? I'm not some kind of...    social work, ok, that you can just... do. Laura: (embarrassed towards Chandler and Monica) Well, I'm pretty sure I gave    you my number. Joey: Really? Think about it. Come on! You're a beautiful woman, smart, funny,    we had a really good time, huh? If I had your number, why wouldn't I call you? Laura: I don't know... Well, maybe I'm wrong... I'm sorry... Joey: No, no, hey, no! Too late for apologies... ok? You broke my heart. You    know how many women I had to sleep with to get over you? (and he leaves the    apartment, leaving her shocked) Laura: Joey, wait! Joey: (acting sad) NO! I waited a long time, I can't wait anymore... (and closes    the door behind him) Laura: (laughing nervously) I'm sorry that you had to see that. I'm so embarrassed... Chandler: Oh, that's really ok. Monica: Yeah, that we totally understand. Dating is hard. Laura: Boy, you people are nice... And I've got to say... I think you're going    to make excellent parents. (Chandler and Monica hug each other, and then Joey enters the apartment again.) Joey: LAURA! (and points to her, very confident)   [Scene: The New York City Children's Fund building. Phoebe and    Mike are entering.] Phoebe: (to the Charity guy) We're back! Charity guy: Are you here to take more money? Because, I think what you're    looking for is an ATM. Mike: No, no, we're here to give the money back. Phoebe: Yeah, because you know what, it's... it's all about the children.  (the Charity guy smiles wanting to take the check, but Phoebe pulls it back    again. His smile fades.)  Phoebe: Although... it's also about the wedding... Ugh, alright... here. (she    gives the check and pulls it back again) No... Oh God... Oh! Charity guy: If I haven't said so already sir, (sarcastically pointing to Phoebe)    congratulations! Mike: (takes the check from Phoebe) Ok, look! Enough! Alright? I'm stepping    in. I'm putting my foot down! As your future husband I'm going to make this    decision for us. (thinking) Now... what do you think we should do? Charity guy: You know what? It's not your decision anymore. Mike: What? Charity guy: On behalf of the Children of New York, I reject your money. Phoebe: But... but... but we're giving you this! Charity guy: Yeah... And I'm giving it back to you... Come on! Consider it    a contribution. (gives the check to Phoebe) Phoebe: (looks at the amount on the check, and gasps) Well, this is very generous! Charity guy: Please, take the check, go have a great wedding and a wonderful    life together. Mike: Well, I mean... It sounds good to me. And that way we can save up, come    back in a few years and make an even bigger donation. Charity guy: Absolutely! And when you do, make sure you ask for Brian. Phoebe: Oh, is that you? Charity guy: No!   [Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. They are sitting in    their living room when the phone rings.] Monica: Hello...? Oh hi... Oh my God...! Really...? I can't wait to tell Chandler...    Ok, goodbye. (hangs up) Chandler: Wrong number? Monica: It was Laura... She gave us a great report and we are officially on    the waiting list. Chandler: That's great! Monica: Now we just have to wait for a call and... and someone tells us there's    a baby waiting for us. Oh...  (Chandler and Monica hug and after a while the telephone rings again... Monica's    eyes get bigger. Chandler answers.) Chandler: Hello...? Have you seen Joey's bat?    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene: The playground. Ross, Rachel and Emma are still there.    Rachel comes walking to Ross and Emma with something between her hands.] Rachel: Ok... I got a spider. There were two, I picked the bigger one. Ross: (nervously) Ok... Rachel: Ok... (and passes the spider to Ross who holds it in between his hands) Ross: (Gasps and speaks at a higher pitch) This feels perfectly normal. Ok,    get on the swing! Rachel: (reluctantly) Ok... O-k... (She slowly grabs the chains of the swing, swings her hair back, and sits down.) Rachel: (more confident) Ok... (She slowly walks forward and backward, to gain speed...) Rachel: whoo... ok... wow... ok... OH! Ross: See? Rachel: A-alright! I can do this. Ross: There you go! Good for you! And you know what, I'm actually getting used    to this little guy. I don't really even feel him in here anymore. Rachel: That's because he's on your neck. Ross: Well... (realizes, screaming like a little girl, trying to get rid of    the spider) Whaa... aaah... aaahhh... (Ross is now preoccupied with the spider, and forgets that Rachel is still    using the swing. While trying to get rid of the spider, he stands in front of    Rachel, who bumps into him, throwing him on the ground again.) Rachel: ROSS! (Rachel tries to stop mid-swing, and the swing starts to turn from side to    side) end  
Chandler: That's funny, we were doing the same thing!
Chandler: Yeah it is really pricey. I mean, I freaked when I first heard the    numbers.
Chandler: It was pretty simple actually, I came up with a couple of cost-cutting    solutions, wrote out a list and Monica told me to go to hell.
Chandler: (to Ross) Maybe you do that next time you get married!
Chandler: Hey!
Chandler: Our adoption social worker is coming by today so we are cleaning    the apartment.
Chandler: You know you don't want me to help. You can't have it both ways!
Chandler: Kind of. She's coming by to interview us and see where we live.
Chandler: (pointing at himself) Little people?
Chandler: What...? NO!
Chandler: (he stands up and he feels very offended) I don't, and I'm offended    by the insinuation!
Chandler: I'll admit to the cigarettes and the magazine, but that tape is not    mine.
Monica: Oh my God, the adoption lady is early! Chandler: Ok, ok, here we go. Monica: Ok. Chandler: Here we go. Stand up straight. (smiling) Big smile. (opens the door    and both are smiling exaggeratedly) Phoebe: Hello, is this the creepy residence? Monica: We’re waiting for the adoption lady, but, hey, I’m glad    you’re here. I was cleaning this morning and I found this (she puts a    box on the table and opens it). I don’t know if you wanna use it, but… Phoebe: Awe, this is so sweet of you! But you know what? I won’t be needing    a veil, I actually won’t be wearing a dress at all! Monica: I told you! I am not coming to a naked wedding!  Phoebe: No, no, no, we’re not having a big reception, we took the money    we were gonna spend on a wedding and we donate them to the children charity. Monica: That’s crazy! (Phoebe looks bewildered). I am sorry. I just can’t    imagine giving up my one wedding day like that! Phoebe: We, you know, we’re different! We don’t care about having    a huge party. (She picks up the veil) This is really nice for you, but, oh,    please, I put this on? (she puts it on) And, ow, I look (she looks her reflex    image on a toaster), why, well, radiant. (pause) All right, well, who cares,    I don’t need a pretty veil and a fancy dress. Monica: That’s right. You’re making a commitment and that’s    the same, whether you do that at the Plaza or, where are you gonna do it? Phoebe: City Hall. Monica: Ow! (Chandler slaps her on her back) Oh, that sounds nice! I am just    there for jury duty. They really spruce that place up! Phoebe: It’s ok, it’s ok. I made my decision. What I really want    is a great big wedding (she covers her mouth) Monica: Yay! Chandler: But you already gave all your money to charity! Phoebe: Well, I’ll just ask for it back! Chandler: I don’t think you can do that! Monica: Why not! This is her wedding day, this is way more important than some    stupid kids! Chandler: That’s sweet, honey, but save something for the adoption Lady.  [Scene: The playground. Ross put Emma on the swing and they’re    ready to play] Rachel: Ok, careful. Ross: Ok. Rachel: Careful, watch her hair. WATCH HER HAIR! Ross: Rach, she’s got like three hairs! Rachel: I know (she touches Emma’s head) but they’re just so beautiful!    Oh, my God, I just pulled one out. Ross: I promise you she’s safe! No watch how much she loves this.  Rachel: Ok. Ross (to Emma): Ready sweety? Rachel: Ok. Ross: Here we go! (He starts pushing Emma) Rachel: Ok, careful, ok. (Emma giggles) Oh, she’s smiling! Oh my God,    she does like it! Ross: See, I told you! Rachel: Awe! (Emma laughs) Oh my God! Looks, she’s a little dare-devil!    Oh, let me push, can I push? Ross: Oh, absolutely! Rachel: Ok. Oh God. (To Ross) Get the camera, it’s in the diaper bag. Ross: Ok! (he takes the camera and walks backwards to take a shot) See? Scared    of swings, I bet you feel pretty silly (a swinging boy knocks him down) Ow!     [Scene: The New York City Children's fund ] Mike: We’re seriously asking for our money back? Phoebe: It’s for our wedding day! Right, now, is this guy gay or straight,    because one of us gonna have to start flirting. Charity guy: Wow! Are you here to make another donation the same day? I don’t    think that that’s ever happened before. Phoebe (to Mike): Gay, go. Mike (to the charity guy): Oh my God, I love your shirt! Phoebe: The donation we made earlier, we k…, we w…, we want it    back. Charity guy: Excuse me? Phoebe: Yeah. See, that money was for a big wedding, that we thought we didn’t    want, but it turns out we do. Charity guy: So you’re asking us to refund your donation to the children? Mike: Yeah! This feels really good. Phoebe: I am sorry. I am, but this wedding is just really important to me. Charity guy: Hey, it’s not my business, (he takes their check from a    drawer) besides it’s probably a good thing. We really would have been    spoiling the children, all those food, and warm clothing… Phoebe: Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important!    And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a graduation party! And I didn’t    go to Prom. And I spent my sweet sixteen being chased round a tire yard by an    escaped mental patient who is his own words wanted to “kill me”    or whatever. So I deserve a real celebration and I am not gonna let some sweaty    little man make me feel badly about it.( She storms out) Mike: She could have been talking about either one of us.   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Somebody knocks the door] Laura: Hi, I am Laura, I am here for your adoption interview. Monica: Hi, I am Monica and this is Chandler. Please come in. Laura: Thank you! Monica: Would you like something to drink? Laura: Oh, water would be fine. Monica: Ok. Great. I am so glad that you are here. We’re really excited    about getting this process started. Chandler: Oh, because we love kids. Love ‘em to death.Well, not actually    to death, that's just a figure of speech - we love kids the appropriate amount...    as allowed by law. Laura: Your place is just lovely. Monica: Ah, thank you. This building does have a wholesome family feel to it. Laura: You know, I... I feel like I've been here before. Are any other couples    in the    building adopting? Monica: Is that that couple on the first floor? Because we should get a baby    before    them. Yeah! That guy tried to sell me drugs. (Laura looks shocked) Chandler: But other than that... wholesome, wholesome building. Laura: Oh... Chandler: What? Laura: I just realized why I remember this place. Monica: Really? What is it? Laura: Oh, it's nothing. I went on a date with a guy who lived in this building    and it    didn't end very well. Monica: Ohh... that wouldn't by any chance be... Joey Tribbiani? Laura: Yes! Chandler: Of course it was! Laura: Yeah, we had a really great night and in the morning he promised he    would call    me and he didn't. Chandler: RAT BASTARD! Laura: So you're not friends with him? Monica and Chandler: OH GOD NO! Nope, no, no, no. No! No, no. Nope! No, no,    no, no, no, no, no, no, no. NO! (finally Monica concludes) No! Laura: Well, I'm sorry I brought it up. So, are either one of you planning    on staying at    home with your child... (someone knocks on the door) Joey: (form the other side of the door) Hellooo? Anybody in there order a celebrity?       (He starts to enter the apartment and Chandler runs to the door and shuts it    back in    his face) OW! Laura: What was that? Chandler: Oh, it's just some crazy guy who roams the halls here. He's great    with    kids though.   [Scene: Ross and Rachel are at the playground with Emma. Rachel    in putting her back in the stroller and Ross is tending to his wound] Rachel: Oh, oh Ross, oh my God, are you okay? Ross: SON OF A BITCH! (turns to his right to see three kids staring at him)    (To the    kids) Oh relax! I didn't say the 'F' word! (They go away) Rachel: Ross, see! I told you, those swings are evil! Alright, that is it.    That is    the last time Emma is getting on one of those things for her entire life. Ross: No! No, no, no, no, okay, it wasn't the swing's fault. It was my fault    and kind    of that (point to the kid that kicked him) kids fault. Who is still laughing.    Nice.  Rachel: Ross, c'mon, please. Can we just get out of here, before somebody else    gets    hurt? Ross: No wait, okay, okay, I have an idea. I want you to get on the swing,    okay? And    you'll see that there's nothing to be afraid of.  Rachel: (looks at him suspiciously) I know what this is all about... You've    always been    jealous of my hair. Ross: Look, I just think you're an adult, okay? And you should get over your    silly    fears. Rachel: Alright fine. I'll do it. Ross: Good. Rachel: If you hold a spider.  Ross: (He freaks out and starts jumping around brushing his sweater) WHAT?    WHERE? WHERE? Rachel: IF you hold a spider. Ross: I know. (Rachel bends down to Emma and Ross looks over his shoulder again,       afraid)  [Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. Chandler is still leaning    against the door, keeping Joey out, who is still banging and shouting on the    other side.] Joey: Guys? Everything ok? It's me, Joe... Chandler: (Screams to interrupt Joey) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA......AAAaaa-doption!! Laura: What's going on? Chandler: Oh, just like I said. That crazy... Bert... roaming the halls. (Joey    bangs on    the door again) Joey: Guys!? Monica: Keep on roaming Bert! We don't want any crazy today! Joey: What's going on? Chandler: WE'LL TALK TO YOU LATER, BERT. EVERYTHNG'S FINE!!  (cut to Joey on the other side, who finally leaves the door and goes to his    apartment) Joey: Everything doesn't sound fine! Laura: Is he alright out there by himself? Chandler: Oh yeah! He has a caretaker. His older brother... Ernie. Laura: Bert and Ernie! Chandler: (nervous smile) You can't make this stuff up!  [Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe and Mike enter] Mike: You never told me about that guy on your sweet sixteen. Oh, ugh. I'm    sorry about    that. Phoebe: (Lightly) Oh! It ended okay. One of my friends shot him.  Mike: Well, hey, at least you're getting a proper wedding. I mean, you really    deserve that. Phoebe: Yeah, I really do. You know, I had nothing growing up. (thinks for    a few    seconds) Just like the kids I took the money from. Mike: No! No, no. I see where this is going. Don't make me go back there. Phoebe: Look, I can't have a wedding with this money now. It's tainted. Mike: Alright, fine. We'll give the money back. Phoebe: And if that guy at the charity gives us a hard time, my friend hasn't    shot    anyone in a really long time.   [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing    to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window, Chandler    and Monica are standing on either side of her, facing each other. Laura: Well, I must say, this seems like a lovely environment to raise a child    in. Monica: Oh, by the way, you are more than welcome to look under any of the    furniture,    because, believe me, you won't find any porn or cigarettes under there! Laura: Oh! Well, actually, before we look around, let me make sure I have everything    I need    up to here... (She starts checking her form. Chandler sees movement near the window from       the corner of his eye and when he looks he spots Joey climbing up the fire escape    and    onto their balcony. He warns Monica silently.) Monica: (Pulls Laura into the spare room) Why don't I show you the baby's room? (Joey enters through the side window and jogs towards the kitchen holding a    baseball bat) Chandler: What the hell are you doing? Joey: Well, you wouldn't let me in, so I thought you were in trouble. Chandler: Well, we're not. Joey: But you called me 'Bert'!? That's our code word for danger! Chandler: We don't have a code word. Joey: We don't? We really should. From now on, 'Bert' will be our code word    for danger. (Monica talks loudly in the baby's room) Monica: So that was the baby's room. (They come out and Chandler throws Joey    behind    the couch and puts his foot on him. Monica looks at Chandler) Monica: (To Chandler) What room should we see next? Chandler: Any room that isn't behind this couch! (laughs nervously) Monica: (laughs nervously as well, Laura looks confused) (To Laura) Some people    don't    get him, but I think he's really funny! (She takes Laura to their own bedroom). (Joey gets up and look annoyed) Joey: (quivering with anger) I did not care for that! Chandler: (escorting Joey to the door) You have to get out of here. You slept    with    our social worker and you never called her back and she is still pissed, so    she can't    see you. Joey: Ok, ok! (He leaves) Chandler: Ok! (Joey leaves and closes the door behind him. Chandler walks towards the living    room, but then Joey enters again.) Chandler: What? Joey: I forgot my bat. (He picks up his bat and holds it up, but then Monica and Laura enter the living    room again. When Laura sees Joey, she freezes...) Laura: Oh my God! Chandler: And for the last time, we do not want to be friends with you! And    we don't want to buy your bat! (Joey lowers his bat) Laura: What are you doing here? Joey: (to Chandler) Bert! Bert! Bert! Bert! Laura: Are you friends with him? Chandler: I can explain... Joey... Joey: Uhm... ok... uhm... Well, yeah... You have got some nerve, coming back    here. I can't believe you never called me. Laura: Excuse me? Joey: Oh... yeah... Probably you don't even remember my name. It's Joey, by    the way. And don't bother telling me yours, because I totally remember it...    lady. Yeah! I waited weeks for you to call me. Laura: I gave you my number, you never called me. Joey: No, no! Don't try to turn this around on me, ok? I'm not some kind of...    social work, ok, that you can just... do. Laura: (embarrassed towards Chandler and Monica) Well, I'm pretty sure I gave    you my number. Joey: Really? Think about it. Come on! You're a beautiful woman, smart, funny,    we had a really good time, huh? If I had your number, why wouldn't I call you? Laura: I don't know... Well, maybe I'm wrong... I'm sorry... Joey: No, no, hey, no! Too late for apologies... ok? You broke my heart. You    know how many women I had to sleep with to get over you? (and he leaves the    apartment, leaving her shocked) Laura: Joey, wait! Joey: (acting sad) NO! I waited a long time, I can't wait anymore... (and closes    the door behind him) Laura: (laughing nervously) I'm sorry that you had to see that. I'm so embarrassed... Chandler: Oh, that's really ok. Monica: Yeah, that we totally understand. Dating is hard. Laura: Boy, you people are nice... And I've got to say... I think you're going    to make excellent parents. (Chandler and Monica hug each other, and then Joey enters the apartment again.) Joey: LAURA! (and points to her, very confident)   [Scene: The New York City Children's Fund building. Phoebe and    Mike are entering.] Phoebe: (to the Charity guy) We're back! Charity guy: Are you here to take more money? Because, I think what you're    looking for is an ATM. Mike: No, no, we're here to give the money back. Phoebe: Yeah, because you know what, it's... it's all about the children.  (the Charity guy smiles wanting to take the check, but Phoebe pulls it back    again. His smile fades.)  Phoebe: Although... it's also about the wedding... Ugh, alright... here. (she    gives the check and pulls it back again) No... Oh God... Oh! Charity guy: If I haven't said so already sir, (sarcastically pointing to Phoebe)    congratulations! Mike: (takes the check from Phoebe) Ok, look! Enough! Alright? I'm stepping    in. I'm putting my foot down! As your future husband I'm going to make this    decision for us. (thinking) Now... what do you think we should do? Charity guy: You know what? It's not your decision anymore. Mike: What? Charity guy: On behalf of the Children of New York, I reject your money. Phoebe: But... but... but we're giving you this! Charity guy: Yeah... And I'm giving it back to you... Come on! Consider it    a contribution. (gives the check to Phoebe) Phoebe: (looks at the amount on the check, and gasps) Well, this is very generous! Charity guy: Please, take the check, go have a great wedding and a wonderful    life together. Mike: Well, I mean... It sounds good to me. And that way we can save up, come    back in a few years and make an even bigger donation. Charity guy: Absolutely! And when you do, make sure you ask for Brian. Phoebe: Oh, is that you? Charity guy: No!   [Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. They are sitting in    their living room when the phone rings.] Monica: Hello...? Oh hi... Oh my God...! Really...? I can't wait to tell Chandler...    Ok, goodbye. (hangs up) Chandler: Wrong number? Monica: It was Laura... She gave us a great report and we are officially on    the waiting list. Chandler: That's great! Monica: Now we just have to wait for a call and... and someone tells us there's    a baby waiting for us. Oh...  (Chandler and Monica hug and after a while the telephone rings again... Monica's    eyes get bigger. Chandler answers.) Chandler: Hello...? Have you seen Joey's bat?    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene: The playground. Ross, Rachel and Emma are still there.    Rachel comes walking to Ross and Emma with something between her hands.] Rachel: Ok... I got a spider. There were two, I picked the bigger one. Ross: (nervously) Ok... Rachel: Ok... (and passes the spider to Ross who holds it in between his hands) Ross: (Gasps and speaks at a higher pitch) This feels perfectly normal. Ok,    get on the swing! Rachel: (reluctantly) Ok... O-k... (She slowly grabs the chains of the swing, swings her hair back, and sits down.) Rachel: (more confident) Ok... (She slowly walks forward and backward, to gain speed...) Rachel: whoo... ok... wow... ok... OH! Ross: See? Rachel: A-alright! I can do this. Ross: There you go! Good for you! And you know what, I'm actually getting used    to this little guy. I don't really even feel him in here anymore. Rachel: That's because he's on your neck. Ross: Well... (realizes, screaming like a little girl, trying to get rid of    the spider) Whaa... aaah... aaahhh... (Ross is now preoccupied with the spider, and forgets that Rachel is still    using the swing. While trying to get rid of the spider, he stands in front of    Rachel, who bumps into him, throwing him on the ground again.) Rachel: ROSS! (Rachel tries to stop mid-swing, and the swing starts to turn from side to    side) end  
Chandler: Ok, ok, here we go.
Chandler: Here we go. Stand up straight. (smiling) Big smile. (opens the door    and both are smiling exaggeratedly)
Chandler: But you already gave all your money to charity!
Chandler: I don’t think you can do that!
Chandler: That’s sweet, honey, but save something for the adoption Lady. 
Chandler: Oh, because we love kids. Love ‘em to death.Well, not actually    to death, that's just a figure of speech - we love kids the appropriate amount...    as allowed by law.
Chandler: But other than that... wholesome, wholesome building.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: Of course it was!
Chandler: RAT BASTARD!
Monica and Chandler: OH GOD NO! Nope, no, no, no. No! No, no. Nope! No, no,    no, no, no, no, no, no, no. NO! (finally Monica concludes) No!
Chandler: Oh, it's just some crazy guy who roams the halls here. He's great    with    kids though.
Chandler: (Screams to interrupt Joey) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA......AAAaaa-doption!!
Chandler: Oh, just like I said. That crazy... Bert... roaming the halls. (Joey    bangs on    the door again)
Chandler: WE'LL TALK TO YOU LATER, BERT. EVERYTHNG'S FINE!! 
Chandler: Oh yeah! He has a caretaker. His older brother... Ernie.
Chandler: (nervous smile) You can't make this stuff up! 
Chandler: What the hell are you doing?
Chandler: Well, we're not.
Chandler: We don't have a code word.
Chandler: Any room that isn't behind this couch! (laughs nervously)
Chandler: (escorting Joey to the door) You have to get out of here. You slept    with    our social worker and you never called her back and she is still pissed, so    she can't    see you.
Chandler: Ok!
Chandler: What?
Chandler: And for the last time, we do not want to be friends with you! And    we don't want to buy your bat! (Joey lowers his bat)
Chandler: I can explain... Joey...
Chandler: Oh, that's really ok.
Chandler: Wrong number?
Chandler: That's great!
Chandler: Hello...? Have you seen Joey's bat?
Written by: Shana Goldberg-Meehan     Produced by: Robert Carlock &amp; Wendy Knoller     Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa    Final check by Kim [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Chandler enter, the others are sitting on the couch.] Monica: Hey guys! Rachel: Hi!  Phoebe: Hey! Monica: We need to talk to you about something. Chandler: Yeah. We don't feel like we can host Thanksgiving this year. All: What? Phoebe: Hey! Ross: Are you kidding? Chandler: Well, it's just with uhm, work and the stress of adoption, we just don't feel like we have the energy. Plus, we don't think it's fair that every year the burden falls on us.  Ross: (skeptical) That doesn't sound like you... That's Monica talking! Chandler: No, no! We made this decision together.  Ross: She's putting words in your mouth! Joey: Don't you put words in people's mouths, you put turkey in people's mouths! Rachel: I can't believe this! This is Emma's first Thanksgiving! Monica: No, it's not! Rachel: It's not? (whispering to Ross) When was she born? Phoebe: Well, personally I think it's great you're giving yourself a break. Monica: Thank you, Pheebs! Phoebe: Sure. It's just as well... I mean, last year wasn't very good. I think she's losing her touch. Monica: What? You are way off, lady! Phoebe: Am I? Really? Am I? Well, why don't you cook Thanksgiving dinner and prove me wrong! Well, think about it, think about it, you'll be trying to top than you did last year. You'd be in competition... with yourself. Monica: That's my favourite kind! Okay, we are doing this! Chandler: Don't let yourself get manipulated this way! Monica: Hey, stay out of this, Chandler! This is between me... and ME! Chandler: We are supposed to make these decisions together! Did you not watch the Doctor Phil I taped for you?  OPENING CREDITS   [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. Rachel and Monica are in there, and Phoebe enters] Phoebe: Hey! Rachel: Hi! Happy Thanksgiving! Phoebe: Oh, yeah, happy needless-turkey-murder day. Monica: You guys, I ordered some chocolate pies from that bakery on Bleecker. Could you pick them up for me? Phoebe: You're not making the pies yourself? Monica: No, no, no, I don't make chocolate pies. When I was younger I-I enter in this pie-eating contest. I ate so many that just the thought of them made me sick. Rachel: Did you at least win the contest? Monica: 2 minutes, 12 pies and a part of one tin! Okay, I see you guys at 4. Rachel: Can't wait! Monica: This dinner is gonna be so great! In your face, last year "me"! (Monica leaves) Phoebe: Hey Rach. Rachel: Yeah. Phoebe: What's Emma doing today? Rachel: Well, let's see... uh... I know that she has a meeting with her lawyer and then she has to make a very big poop. Why? Phoebe: Well, I wanna enter her in a baby beauty pageant. Rachel: Oh my God! That's the creepiest thing I've ever heard! Phoebe: Okay, but, well, before you say no, my friend Susanne is entering her kid and compared to Emma she's a real dog! Rachel: Oh! Phoebe, all babies are beautiful! Phoebe: (sarcastic) Oh... okay.  Rachel: Phoebe, just the idea of pitting one baby against another, I mean, you know, and judging who's cuter just for a trophy...  Rachel: And a thousand dollars. Rachel: ...is something I'm very interested in! Oh please, do not tell Ross. He still believes that (in a deep voice, mocking Ross) what's in the inside is important... Phoebe: Okay, oh, and Emma needs a cowgirl outfit for the competition. Rachel: Where am I gonna get a cowgirl outfit on Thanksgiving? Phoebe: Well, I was thinking... Rachel: Oh, take the clothes of Joey's Cabbage Patch Kid.  Phoebe: Yeah!   [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. Chandler is watching TV and Monica is cooking] Monica: (Chandler's laughing) Did someone drop the baton again? Chandler: Why come all the way from Kansas to do that? Monica: (she tastes what she has cooked) I don't get older. I just get better! Chandler: You know what just occurred to me? This could be our last Thanksgiving just the two of us. I mean, we could be getting a baby soon! Monica: You don't know that. Chandler: Somebody is gonna pick us.  Monica: Yeah, but we haven't heard a thing from the adoption agency and it has been weeks! Chandler: I'm telling ya! It's gonna happen. Next year it's gonna be you, me and the little Hemingway Bing. (pause) What, he's my favourite author! Monica: Name one of his books. Chandler: (after a long pause) "The Firm"? Monica: Ok, let's see... uhm, okay, the turkey is in the oven, the stuffing is ready... Chandler: You know, you always cook this meal all by yourself. Let me help this year.  Monica: Oh, Chandler, that's sweet. But you don't have to do everything Doctor Phil tells you to do. Chandler: I'm serious, let me do something, just not the turkey or the stuffing, nothing "high profile". Monica: Ok, let's see... Oh, the cranberry sauce, it is easy to make and no-one really cares about it.  Chandler: Tell me more. Monica: Okay, I'm gonna go check on something across the hall. You start by washing these (she gives Chandler a bowl with cranberries. Then, while she's going outside, she sees him with a bottle of soap in his hands) Not with soap!! (she leaves) Chandler: You obviously haven't tasted my Palmolive potatoes! (Ross and Joey enter) Ross: Hey! Hey, guess what Joey has! Joey: Three tickets to today's Rangers game!! Ross: Dude, I wanted him to guess. Joey: Oh. Chandler: Oh my God! Joey: Yeah, they're great seats too! Ross: Guess where they are? Joey: Center ice. Ross: Did I do something to you? Chandler: Hmm, the game's at one. Ross: So?  Chandler: Dinner is at four, we'll never gonna make it back. Joey: So we'll leave before it's over, we'll be back in time. Chandler: You say that now, but it could take us a long time to get back home. Plus Joey could get lost and and they could have to page us to go pick him up. Joey: Dude, two times that happened! Chandler: Look, Monica has been working hard all day, she didn't wanna host this thing in the first place, we shouldn't go! Ross: He's right, man. Joey: Right, I guess. Alright, so see you at four.  Chandler: Okay. (pause) And get ready to taste my very special cranberries. Or should I say... chanberries! Joey: That's some gentle comedy, dude. (he and Ross leave) Ross: We're still going at the game, right? Joey: Yeah! Ross: Yeah.   [Scene: Baby beauty contest] Host: This is contestant number sixteen, Rebecca... Phoebe: Hey. Rachel: Oh Phoebe, listen. Well, I think we gotta go. This place is really freaking me out. I've been watching this guy over there, I don't think he came with a kid! Phoebe: We can't leave now! There was this one baby, Haley, who was favourite to win and she got croup, so she had to stay home! This competition just blew wide open, folks! Rachel: Phoebe, I think... It's just too weird, I just saw a one year old running around with pantyhose on! Phoebe: Oh, I know, we should have been more prepared. (she looks around) It's okay. Now, the way I see it, our real competition now is Cameron. Oh my God, they just took her sweater off. Look at those arms! Hello Michelin Man. Rachel: Oh, Phoebe! Come on! You know what, it's already three o'clock and they haven't even gotten to Emma's group yet. We gotta go, we got dinner! Phoebe: (panicking) But Emma's got what it takes, she could go all the way!  Rachel: Phoebe, you have to calm down. Phoebe: Okay. Rachel, the hottest babies in the Tri-State Area are in this room right now! I overheard one of the judges say that not one of them holds a candle to Emma! Rachel: Really? Phoebe: Yeah! Rachel: You heard them say that? Phoebe: Yeah! Rachel: All right, okay. Alright, let's give to these babies something to cry about! Phoebe: Good! Oh yay! Let's get down to business! Emma needs some makeup! Rachel: No, what? Phoebe: Well, she's gonna look all washed out next to the other contestants! Rachel: No Phoebe, I am not letting you put makeup on my baby! Phoebe: Why not! Rachel: Because I already did!    [Scene: Madison Square Garden] (there's a lot of shouting and yelling)  Joey: Oh, Bob, get off the guy! Ross: Oh! What a game, huh? Joey: I know, yeah. Ross: I can't believe Chandler is missing this! Joey: Yeah. I am sorry he's not here too, but I got to say, (takes some nachos from a plate on the seat where Chandler should have been) I am really enjoying Nacho Chair. Ross: Yeah, I'd probably enjoy it more if you didn't keep batting my hand away. Joey: Ohhhh! These seats are great! Ross: I know, I know! When I was here for Holidays on Ice (Joey looks around worried hoping no one heard that) I was sitting so far away Michelle Kwan couldn't read my banner! Joey: (looks at the time) Wow, hey, we'd better get going. If we don't leave right now, we'll be late for dinner. Ross: Oh, but it's a kind game! So we're a little late, you know, the girls will be there, let's stay just for one more goal. Joey: I don't know... Ross: One more fight! Joey: Okay. Ross: Okay.   [Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment.] Monica: Where is everybody? They're forty-five minutes late! Chandler: I can't believe they are not here! I slave and I slave for what? They've ruined cranberry day!   [Scene: The corridor. Ross and Joey have just arrived.] Joey: How late are we? Ross: Forty-five minutes. Joey: Wow (He opens his apartment door and throws their stuff in.) Ross: (handing him his coat) Here! Joey: Okay. Rachel and Phoebe are already there, okay? So they probably started without us. We could just slip in and no-one needs to know where we were! (he raises his hands and on his right one there's a Rangers foam finger) Ross: You may want to lose the foam finger! Joey: Oh, no, no, no, no, no. You just want to put it on your hand! (Rachel, Phoebe and Emma arrive) Ross: Hey! Phoebe: Oh! Joey: You are not at Thanksgiving? Rachel: No...  Phoebe: No, we're late! Rachel: What are you doing here! Ross: We're late too! (Rachel screams) Joey: We figured we could be late because you guys were gonna be on time (he points the foam finger at the girls) Phoebe: Don't point that thing at me, Tribbiani! Ross: So, nobody's here? Monica's gonna kill us! Joey: Yeah, where were you! Ross: Yeah, yeah, what's with the trophy! Phoebe: Uh, we were at the Spelling Bee! Rachel: And I won! Ross: You won an adult Thanksgiving day spelling bee. Rachel: Yes! (spells it) Y-E-S. Yes! Ross: Let me see this... (he takes the trophy from Rachel's hands) Grand Supreme Little Darling, New York Division. Rachel: Yeah. That's me! Ross: You entered Emma into a Beauty Pageant? Phoebe: And it looks like she put makeup on her! Joey: Wait a second, wait a second, where have I seen that cowgirl outfit before... Ross: I can't believe this, she's our daughter! That you would treat her like some kind of showdog is inexcusable!  Rachel: She won a thousand dollars! Ross: So this is an annual thing? Joey: (realizing) Oh! That's Alicia Mae Emory's outfit! Phoebe: You guys, there are people in there who are not getting any happier! Ross: Yeah. What are we gonna do? Rachel: Well, I don't know, you guys figure it out, I got to put Emma down for a nap. Joey: All right. Hey Rach, while you're in there, throw something on Alicia Mae.  Phoebe: Alright, what are we gonna say? Ross: Ooh, we'll say that we were mugged! You can't get mad at someone who's been mugged! Phoebe: Oh, good, that's good, but you don't look like you were mugged! Joey: No. Here (he tears off the pocket from Ross' shirt, and tears off everything below that as well.) Ross: (to Joey) HEY!   [Scene: Monica's apartment.] Monica: Do you hear something? (Chandlers stands up and goes to the door to look out from the peephole) Chandler: (peeping) They're out there! Monica: Ohhh! Let me see! Oh God, I can't believe this! They're an hour late and they're just staying out there, talking! Chandler: (peeping) Everything is so distorted! Looks like Joey has a giant hand! Which says "Rangers" on it. They went to the game! Monica: (gasps) Oooh! They are in for a world of pain! Chandler: (looking through the peephole again) Ross' shirt is torn. Monica: Oh! They're late and they're sloppy! [Cut to the hall] (Rachel comes out of her apartment} Rachel: Alright, Emma is napping... (then to Ross) what happened to your shirt? Ross: I got mugged. And they stole my pocket. Phoebe: We're just... we're trying to figure out an excuse. Hey! Ooh! How about this: We can say that Monica told us 5 o'clock, not 4 o'clock. That way we're right on time! (Others start to agree but she continues) OR... or, we can plant PCP in the apartment and call the cops on her. Ross: (sarcastic) That would be a good way to get rid of all the PCP we have lying around. Rachel: You know what, we just say that she said it was 5 o'clock. We'll just act casual. We're not late, we're right on time. (When she finishes talking, a note is pushed from under Monica's and Chandler's door, into the hall. Ross picks it up and reads it out loud) Ross: (Reading the note) We know you're out there. (Rachel gasps) Joey: (whispering) Who do you think its from? [time lapse – they are still in the hall] Rachel: Oh, God. This is bad. This is so bad. Ross: Well, let's just go in there and face them. Phoebe: Well, I'm not going in first. I bet that vein on Monica's forehead is popping like crazy.  Joey: I hate that thing, it's like a... bolt of lightning. Rachel: Oh, hey, I have an idea. Why don't we play rock-paper-scissors, and whoever loses goes in first. (they all agree) Ready? (they do the rock-paper-scissor thing with they hands and Rachel has paper, Phoebe and Ross both have rock, while Joey is doing a strange upward wiggling with his fingers. They all look a him confused). Joey: (smiling from ear to ear) Ah-haah! I win!! Ross: What is that?  Joey: That's fire. Beats everything. Phoebe: Oh, really? Does it beat water balloon? (She places her hand over his "fire" and mimics a bursting water balloon, thus putting the fire out).  Joey: Ooh! Well played, Phoebe Buffay, well played.  Rachel: Alright, enough, enough, come on. Let's just all go in at the same time. All: Alright, okay. (Phoebe reaches for the door, and tries to open it but it's locked) Phoebe: It's locked. Ross: Wha...? Oh sure, now they lock it, but when they're having sex on the couch, its like: "Come on in, my butt is surprisingly hairy".  Rachel: Alright, come on... (starts to knock on the door) Alright, you guys. We're so sorry we're late. Please let us in, so we can have dinner together. [cut to Monica and Chandler] Monica: No! Everything's cold. The turkey's dried out and the... the stuffing is all soggy. Chandler: Yeah, and there's a bowl of cranberry sauce that... (speaking lower to Monica) what happens to cranberry sauce? Monica: (Rolling her eyes) Nothing. It's fine. Chandler: (relieved) Oh thank God! [cut to the hall] Ross: Come on you guys, we're sorry, alri...? Our subway broke down. Chandler: (looking through the peephole) That's a lie, you went to the game, I can see Joey's hand. Ross: (to Joey, who is wearing a blue, 3 foot hand) FOR THE LOVE OF GOD TAKE IT OFF!! (takes it off his hand and throws it on the floor) Rachel: You guys, come on, it doesn't matter why we're late. We're all here now, please let us in so we can have some of your delicious turkey. (A slice of turkey on a piece of aluminum foil is slid under door) Joey: I had a dream once about a fax machine that did that. (Ross picks it up) [cut to Monica and Chandler] Monica: That's all the turkey you're gonna get. [cut to the hall] Ross: How are we gonna decide who gets this? Joey: (holds his fist up) WATER BALLOON! (he stuffs the slice in is mouth and gives the foil back to Ross) Phoebe: What are we gonna do? I'm starving. Rachel: (gasps) Oh, I just remembered. We do have something to eat. Monica put something in our oven this morning. Phoebe: Oh yeah! [cut to Monica and Chandler] Monica: Hey, you touch that and you will be sorry. Chandler: Guys, I'd listen to her. The vein is bigger than I've ever seen it. (Monica looks at Chandler) [cut to the hall] (Rachel comes out of the apartment holding a pot. Joey holds in anticipation and Rachel opens it) Rachel: Huh... OH MY GOD IT'S BRUSSELS SPROUTS. (they all look appalled) Ross: That's worse than no food. [cut to Monica and Chandler] (Monica looks insulted) Chandler: HA-HA! All you got was Monica's stinky Brussels sprouts! Monica: Stinky?! Chandler: Please let me stay on this side of the door. [cut to hall] Rachel: Oh, I know... I still have my old key! (She goes in to get it and comes back with her keys) We can just unlock the door. Phoebe: Well, I don't know if that's such a good idea. They clearly don't want to be with us. Rachel: You know what? I don't want to be with them either, but it's Thanksgiving and we should not want to be together, together. (Goes to unlock the door) Joey: (to Ross) Just get in there and make a face to face apology, you know? Look them in the eye. I know I can get them to forgive us. Ross: I don't know... Joey: I'm telling ya... (his eyes open wide and he looks like his eyes are about to pop out. He stares at Ross like this without blinking) I can do it. Ross: (Staring back, and then breaks off) (To Phoebe and Rachel) Yeah, he can do it! (Rachel finally manages to open the door, but the door chain is on.) Rachel: Oh! (Joey sticks his head through the gap. Monica and Chandler are now sitting at the dinner table. There is another smaller table full of food standing in front of the front door) (Monica and Chandler do not look amused by Joeys head in the door) Joey: Oh! It all looks so beautiful: the turkey, the stuffing... (Monica is now smiling) Chandler: The cranberries...? Monica: Oh! Enough! A monkey could have made 'em! Joey: (still with his door wedged in the door gap, now opens his eyes wide and stares at Monica and Chandler as he did with Ross earlier in the hall) Hey listen guys, we feel really terrible. Chandler: He's doing that weird eye contact thing. Don't look at him, don't look at him! (They both look away) Joey: Come on you guys, we want you to know we're (His eye widen even more) very very sorry. (Monica and Chandler are now covering their eyes with their hands) (then to the others in the hall) Right guys? (Ross head appears above Joey's, Rachel's below Joey's and Phoebe's at the bottom) Ross: I feel terrible. Phoebe and Rachel: So, so sorry. Joey: (smiling) Now let's not ruin this day. You worked so hard. Let's move past this and try to have a nice meal all together, huh? Chandler: The floating heads do make a good point. Monica: Yeah, they do seem to feel pretty bad. Rachel: So bad. Ross : So bad. Phoebe: So bad. Monica: (Gets up) Okay, okay. You two (to Phoebe and Rachel) go get the dessert. And I'll let you in.  Rachel: Dessert? Monica: Yeah, I asked you and Phoebe to pick up the pies. You did remember, right? Phoebe: Pies, oh, we thought you said priiiize (goes to the hall and comes back with Emma's trophy in her hand). Here! (gives it to Monica). (Monica takes it and reads the label) Monica: Grand Supreme Little Darling? Rachel: Congratulatioooons! Monica: Oh my God! YOU FORGOT THE PIES? Well, I cannot believe this. You force me to make dinner, then you're an hour late and you forget the one little thing that I asked you to do. Ross: Really girls, not cool. Chandler: Well, you manheads aren't any better. You lied about going to the game. You knew it would make you late, and you still went anyway. Joey: Hey! I'm getting a little tired of this okay? We said we're sorry. It's Thanksgiving for Pete's sakes! A day of forgiveness! Ross: It's a day to be thankful. Joey: (to Ross, mouthing) Don't make me come up there! Monica: It's too late for apologies. Joey: Fine! Let's just go. I don't need your stupid dinner. Chandler: That would be a lot more convincing if you weren't drooling. Rachel: Ewww, is that what that is? Joey: Sorry! Phoebe: Come on you guys, let's just do our own Thanksgiving. Rachel: Yeah! I'll cook! Ross: Yeah! Let's go out. Rachel: Hey! Joey: Yeah! You three have a nice Thanksgiving. Monica: The three of us? Joey: Yeah! You, Chan, and the vein! (Monica gasps and holds her forehead. Phoebe, Rachel and Ross pull back their heads) Joey: Ha! (When Joey tries to pull back his head, he notices he is stuck) Joey: Oh-oh! I'm stuck! Monica: Joey, that is not gonna work. Joey: No seriously... I'm really wedged in here. Phoebe: I'll pull you through. Ross: Okay. Joey: (in agony) aaw-ahhh-aaahhh STOP! STOP! I'm worried about damaging my head. Chandler: A little late for that. Joey: Alright, hurry up, you gotta do something. Monica: Alright, well, this does not change anything. (to Chandler) Okay, we need to get something to grease the sides of his face. Chandler: Uhm, we've got turkey grease. Monica: Bring it. Joey: I just wanna say that I'm sorry I referred to the vein as a seperate person... (Chandler gives Monica a footlong "eye dropper" with the turkey grease in it) Monica: Here you go! (She squirts some of the grease along Joey's face.) Joey: Oh, that smells good! (And he starts licking the grease which trickles down his face. Monica also squirts some on the other side of his face, and his tongue follows her movements.) Joey: Okay. Monica: Okay, try it. (Joey tries to pull back at all his might.) Joey: It isn't working. Monica: Alright, we're gonna have to unscrew the chain. Joey: Well hurry, I can't feel my ears! Chandler: Can you ever feel your ears? Joey: Interesting... Monica: Chandler, where are your tools? Chandler: (sarcastically) Oh, I left them on my bulldozer... I don't have tools! Monica: I do, but Rachel borrowed them. Rachel: I lent them to Ross. Ross: I gave them to Joey. Joey: I left them at the park. Monica: Oh! Ross: (looking at Joey's butt) I'm finding it really hard not to mess with him. Phoebe: I've already stuffed a bunch of Brussel sprouts down his pants. Ross: Nice! (The phone rings in Chandler and Monica's apartment) Monica: Okay, I have to get that. Now when I get back, I want you and your friends to be gone. Thanksgiving is over. The Vein has spoken. Joey: It's really starting to hurt. Chandler: Okay, look, I'm gonna pull on the door and you guys push as hard as you can. Maybe we can get enough room to wiggle him out, okay? Okay, so PUSH! Phoebe: Just a sec., we're kind in the middle of something here. (Rachel, Ross and Phoebe have their hands full and are stuffing all kinds of things down Joeys pants.) Joey: Ooh! Stop putting things down my pants! Chandler: Come on guys, PUSH! Joey: Yeah! Come on! Joey and Chandler: PUSH! PUSH! PUSH! (The chain breaks loose from the wall, and because Joey was pushing with all his might, he propells into the kitchen, towards the table with all the food. This table has wheels underneath it, and when Joey falls on this table, he rides into the living room, with all the food falling off, until finally Joey also falls off... Joey gets up quickly, a bit agitated, and acting as nothing happened. He is covered in food stains.) Chandler: My cranberries! Joey: (looking at himself) Man, I've got food all over me. (He licks his fingers, liking it. He offers Chandler a taste.) Chandler: Argh! I can't believe what you did. Monica's gonna kill you! (Monica enters from the spare bedroom.) Chandler: (to Monica) Look! Look! Look what the... Look what... Look what the floating heads did! Monica: (very emotional) I don't care. (Chandler can't believe what he's hearing. He looks at Monica, then at the others, then back at Monica.) Chandler: What's going on? Monica: That was the adoption agency... Chandler: And? Monica: WE'RE GETTING A BABY! Chandler: Are you serious? (they hug) Monica: There's a pregnant woman in Ohio, and she picked us! (They all cheer and Rachel, Ross and Phoebe join in for a group hug. Joey also joins, but he stands back a bit, because he is all sticky of the food on him) Rachel: I'm so happy for you! Monica: This Thanksgiving kicks last Thanksgiving's ass! (They all cheer and hug again, but Joey's eating the food off his shirt) COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. The table is set, and there's food on the tables again. They're all there, toasting.] Rachel: To Monica and Chandler... and that knocked up girl in Ohio. Ross: I'm just so happy you guys are finally getting a kid. Phoebe: I know. Have you considered pageanting? Monica: I can't believe they called, and we're actually getting a baby. (she kisses Chandler) Joey: Oh, I know how you feel... (Monica and Chandler are looking curiously at Joey.) Rachel: Really? Joey: Sure. I went through the exact same thing with Alicia Mae Emory... The waiting, the wandering... Then one day... I get that call from Toys "R" Us... She was in stock! Chandler: That is the exact same thing. THE END   
Chandler: That is the exact same thing.
Written by: Scott Silveri    Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller    Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa    Final check by Kim [Scene: Central Perk. Everyone's sitting on the couch.Monica and Chandler enter]  Chandler:  Hi! Ross: Hey! Monica: Hey! Chandler: We're just here to say goodbye, we're off to Ohio. Phoebe: Oh, right! Your adoption interview! Monica: Yep, we're gonna meet the lady who could be carrying our baby. Joey: I can't believe it. When you guys come back, you're gonna have a baby! That is so weird! Chandler: And so incorrect! Monica: She's only a couple of months pregnant. She liked our application but who knows if she's gonna like us. Ross: Come on, she's gonna love you guys! Chandler: Uhm, thank you, but we're really trying not to get our hopes up. Monica: And a lot could still get in our way. Chandler: Yeah. I mean, this girl could decide against adoption or she could like another couple better.. Phoebe: What are you gonna name the baby? Chandler: I can develop a condition in which I talk and talk and no one hears a word. Joey: But just think, ok? What if everything goes right? What if this woman does pick you guys? Monica: Oh my God. She's gonna pick us! Chandler: So we're standing firm on the 'not getting our hopes up'? Monica: You know, I know that things could still go wrong but if they don't? If this works out, we're gonna have a baby Chandler, a baby! Chandler: Yes, but... Monica: Oh my God, it's gonna WORK! We're gonna make it work! I'm gonna be a mummy and (to Chandler) you're gonna be a daddy! All right, I'll see you suckers. I'm gonna get me... A BABY! {she leaves) Chandler: Oh, screw it, I'm gonna be a daddy!!  OPENING CREDITS  [Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe's speaking to a girl.] Rachel: (to Joey) Hey, who's Phoebe with? Joey: I'm gonna say someone I'm gonna have sex with. (the girl leaves and Phoebe goes toward the couch) (to Phoebe) Hey! Phoebe: Hey! Joey: So... who's your friend? Phoebe: Oh, that's Sarah. No, no. Don't you get any ideas, ok? No, I'm not setting you up with any more of my friends! Joey: OW, why, why, why? Phoebe: Because you'll date her once, sleep with her and then forget she exists! Joey: Oh, name one friend of yours that I did that with. Phoebe: Mandy. Joey: Mandy, uh? Uh... really hot blonde, big boobs? Phoebe: No. Joey: I know why I don't remember her, huh? (he winks at Rachel) Rachel: Do you think I'm someone else? Joey: Ok, I may not have treated your friends well in the past, but I have grown up a lot, really. Honest, Rach? Rachel: Well, believe it or not, it's true. When Joey and I were together, he was wonderful. He was thoughtful and mature. And for the one week that we went out, he didn't sleep with anybody else! Joey: (pointing at himself) Growth! Phoebe: Fine, I'll give you her number. Joey: Ok, thank you. And I promise you I will not forget this one. (he starts writing on his hand) Mandy. Phoebe: SARAH! Joey: Saraaah. Ross: (entering) Hey! Rachel: Hi! Ross: Hey you guys, I need some fashion advice. Rachel: Oh! Ross: (he takes a baby blue beret out of a shopping box and puts it on) How does this look? Rachel: Well, it's a little low... pick up a little... (Ross picks it up) a little bit more... (he picks it up again) a little bit more... (he takes it off) There you go! (pause) Now throw it away! Ross: C'mon! This looks good! Rachel: Ross, please, trust me. I buy 30 fashion magazines a month. Now, I don't know who's running for president or who that... NATO guy is, but I do know that you have to get as far away as you can from that hat. Ross: Damnit! I have this date tomorrow night and I have to look cool! Phoebe: Well, you know, if you want fashion help, Rachel and I are going shopping tomorrow. You're more than welcome to come with us, right? Ross: Really? That would be great. I mean, I have to do something, she kinda teased me about how I dress.  Joey: I can see why, nice shirt! Ross: You're wearing the same shirt. Joey: Stupid Gap on every corner!  [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are entering with a man.]  Agency guy: Please, make yourself comfortable and I will back in a moment with Erica. Monica: Ok, thank you.(the man leaves) Uh, well this is it. Are you OK? Chandler: Yeah. Just weird, you know. It's like: "Hi, I'm Chandler. May I have the human growing inside you?" Monica: Uh, we're gonna be great. Chandler: You're gonna be great. Monica: Well... obviously! Agency guy: (he enters with Erica) Monica, Chandler. I'd like you to meet Erica. Monica: Hi. It is so, so nice to meet you. Erica: (whispering) Hi... Chandler: Thank you so much for agreeing to see us. Erica: Hi. Agency guy: I'll let you get acquainted. Chandler: Ok. Erica: So, it's Monica and Chandler. I only know you as file 0W33815-D. Chandler: That's what our friends call us. Erica: Gosh, you know, you're just such an amazing couple. It's... kind of intimidating. Monica: I don't know about that. Erica: You're kidding me? I mean, it's enough that you are a doctor. But on top of it, you're married to a reverend? Chandler: (astonished) I don't think that's exactly... Monica: (overlapping) Let her finish, doctor.   [Scene: Central Perk]  Phoebe: Hey! Joey: Hey. Phoebe: Oh, my friend Sarah had a great time last night. Joey: Well... Phoebe: Yeah! So you're gonna call this one back? Joey: Nope. Phoebe: What are you talking about? Sarah's great! Joey: Oh, really? You know what your great friend did? We're out to dinner, ok? (he starts talking about the date and we can see what happened through a flashback video) We're getting along, having a really nice time. I was thinking she was really cool. And then, out of nowhere...  (Sarah picks up some fries from Joey’s plate and Joey looks very angry. Then we’re back to Central Perk and Joey does a you-see-what-I-mean look to Phoebe) Phoebe: That’s it? That’s why you won’t go out with her again? So, she took some fries, big deal! Joey: Hey, hey, look! It’s not about a few fries... it’s about what the fries represent. Phoebe: What? Joey: ALL FOOD! Phoebe: I’m sorry, I can’t believe I set you up with such a MONSTER! Joey: Hey, hey, hey, hey. Look. I take a girl out, she can order whatever she wants! The more, the better! All right? Just don’t order a Garden salad and then eat my food! That’s a good way to lose some fingers! (Rachel enters from the main door) Phoebe: (to Rachel) Oh Rachel: Hi Phoebe: Thank God you’re here. Listen to this! Rachel: what? Phoebe: Joey and my friend were out last night and having dinner and she reaches over and takes a few of his fries... Rachel: Oh! Oh, no! (Joey looks satisfied) Phoebe: What? You know about the plate thing? Rachel: Oh, yeah. Joey doesn’t share food. I mean, just last week we were having breakfast and he had a couple of grapes on his plate and ... Phoebe: (to Joey) You wouldn’t let her have a grape? Rachel: Oh no! Not me! Emma! (Phoebe looks horrified and she turns to watch Joey) Joey: (mad and pointing a finger to himself) JOEY DOESN’T SHARE FOOD! Phoebe: Well, I still think that it’s a stupid reason not to call someone again. You are calling her! And if you need to, just get an extra plate of fries for the table! Joey: (he thinks a little, considering the option and seems to be quite satisfied) I like that! A sharing buffer! Yeah! I’ll order some extra fries! Maybe a plate of onion rings. Yeah. And a shrimp cocktail. And some buffalo wings. Maybe an individual pizza, uh? And some mozzarella sticks. (he looks absorbed in his food thoughts) What were we talking about? [Scene: A clothes store. Ross and Phoebe are shopping]  Phoebe: (to Ross) This place is awesome! Ross: You know, we should just go, I’m not gonna find anything here! This stuff is ridiculous!  (Rachel arrives with a lot of clothes) Rachel: Ah, this place is great! Phoebe: Wow! Ross: Rach, come on, I’m not gonna wear any of this! (he picks up a shirt) Nothing silver. (Rachel sighs). Ok? Nothing with hair! (Rachel sighs again) And nothing with padlocks on it! (Rachel heaves a long disappointing sigh). Rachel: Ross, look, I know that some of this stuff is out there, but I mean, come on, look at this, look at this sweater! (she picks up a blue sweater). I mean, this is just beautiful! Ross: (feeling the fabric) Wow, this is really soft (he looks the price). Three hundred and fifty dollars? Rachel: Yeah, down from seven hundred, you are saving like two hundred bucks! Ross: Both logic and math are taking a serious hit today. Phoebe (walking to Ross carrying a black leather jacket): Hey, check this out! It’s totally you! Ross: Wow! Phoebe: Yeah! (Ross wears the jackets and look at himself in the mirror) Ross: Actually this looks like pretty good! Yeah!(he turns and watches his back and there’s a sign on the back of the jacket, “boys will be boys”) Boys will be boys? Phoebe: What? They will be! Ross: All right, that’s it, I’m getting out of here. Rachel: No, no, no, no! Ross, wait! Come on! You know, there’s other stuff. Here’s a nice shirt, look at these nice pants... Ross: Uh, actually these might look pretty good on me. Rachel: Yes, they will! You know what you should do? Just go take a walk, all right? I know your size and I’m... I’m gonna pick up some really good stuff for you. Ross: Really? Rachel: Yes! And I know what looks sexy on guys. Please, just wear what I suggest, and she’s gonna go nuts for you. Ross: So, you’re saying, uh, if I wear these pants I might be getting into hers? Rachel: (to Phoebe) Why do men keep talking to me like this?   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are still talking with Erica.] Chandler: So, the fact that I am a doctor, and my wife’s a reverend, that’s important to you? Erica: Yeah, I read some great applications, but then I thought “who better then a minister to raise a child!” Monica: Amen. Chandler: Plus I thought the baby would be in good hands with a doctor! Monica: Uh, good hands. (she holds Chandler hands) Healing hands. Erica: Reverend, can I ask? Does the bible say anything about adoption? Monica: It says “Do it!”. And behold she did adopt onto them a baby. And it was good. Erica: Wow. Chandler: Yeah, wow. Erica: I was wondering you both have such serious jobs. (to Monica) Would you have time to take care of a baby and your flock? Monica: Oh, you know, my flock is good, I mean, yeah, my flock pretty much takes care of themselves at this point. Good flock. Flock, flock, flock. Erica: (to Chandler) Being a doctor must take up a lot of time. Chandler: No-ot for me it doesn’t. (The agency guy enters the room) Agency guy: So, how’s everything going in here? Erica: We’re great, I think I may have asked all my questions. Agency guy: Do you have any question for Erica? Chandler: Yeah, actually. So, you read a file that you liked and you gave the agency the serial number and they contacted us? Agency guy: Yes, our system assures total anonimity. We’re very proud of it. Chandler: You should be. You’re really on top of stuff.. Agency guy: (to Erica) Well, then if there’s nothing else, then the two of us should talk. Erica: Actually, I don’t think we have to. Monica: We don’t? Erica: Yeah, when I read about you two, I was pretty sure I wanted you, but I just thought we should meet face to face. (to the agency guy). I've made my decision. I choose them. Monica: Oh my God, this is great! This is so great! (to Chandler, who looks bewildered). Did you hear that? Chandler: Yeah, I did. Monica: (to Erica) Hey, thank you. Thank you so much. (they hugs). You are SO going to Heaven!  [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel and Phoebe walk in, loaded with bags.]  Rachel: We got some really great stuff! Phoebe: Yeah, yeah but I am not sure about some of the bra's I got. Rachel: Oh! Really? Do you wanna try some of them on for me?  Phoebe: Oh! okay. Wait, are we in Joey's imagination? Rachel: (looking into one of her shopping bags) Oh no! I took one of Ross' bags by     mistake, and one of mine is missing. Phoebe: oh, well, Ross probably has it, you can get it from him later.    [Scene: Ross walks into Central Perk, wearing a pink and white ladies shirt. Joey is on the couch]   Ross: (to Joey) So? What do you think? (Shows himself - Joey observes him with a strange look on his face.) Joey: I think were not wearing the same shirt anymore!! Ross: (not getting it) Yeah! Yeah! Rachel picked it out for me. She told me to trust her and you know what? I'm glad I did! I turned quite a few heads on my way over here. Joey: (now laughing a little) Dude, I really don't think you should be wearing that. Ross: Oh, I see, somebody is afraid of a little competition with the ladies? Joey: (looking a little agitated now) Looks like someone IS the ladies!! Ross: You're just jealous because you couldn't pull this off. Yeah, now if you'll excuse me (getting up and taking his coat) I have a date. (As he is walking out, everyone turns and stares at him) See? (To Joey) ALL eyes on ME!    [Scene: Monica and Chandler's hotel room. They enter.] Chandler: We are NOT signing those papers. Monica: Why not? Chandler: It's wrong. They made a mistake. They think we're somebody else. Monica: God works in mysterious ways. Chandler: You have gotta stop! Monica: But she liked us. Chandler: She likes Doctor Chandler and Reverend Monica. Monica: Well, if you think about it, I am kind of like a Reverend. I mean, as a chef, I serve God, by feeing the hungry and poor. (looks very convinced about what she just said) Chandler: Your Veal Chop is $34,95! Monica: C'mon Chandler, I think we have been given an opportunity. I mean, the mistake has already been made. They are writing up the paper right now. Chandler: But we are not the one she chose! How can you feel okay about this? Monica: (very emotional) Because... We may not be who she thinks we are but no-one will ever love that baby more than us. Chandler: I know.. Monica: I mean, who knows how long it's gonna take for someone else to give us a baby? What if, what if no one ever picks us? Chandler: oh, honey.. Monica: (Almost crying) Please.. please, we are so close. Chandler: Monica, I want a baby too, but this woman is giving away her child. She deserves to know who it's going to.   Monica: (realizes Chandler is right. She's almost crying) okay, right. (They hug) Chandler: So, we'll tell the truth and who knows, maybe she'll like us for us. Monica: (sniffing) Maybe she will. Uh! Why couldn't I have been a Reverend? Chandler: You're Jewish. Monica: Technicality!   [Scene: A restaurant. Joey is on his date with Phoebe’s friend, Sarah. They are sitting opposite each other on a table for two. Their waiter approaches with two plates.] Waiter: A garden salad for the lady (sets the plate down) Joey: Oh, that looks great! Good ordering! Waiter: Seafood platter for the gentleman and extra fries. Enjoy! Sarah: Mmmh, those fries look delicious. Joey: oh, I didn't know you liked French fries. Help yourself! What's mine is yours. (Sarah reaches over and takes a few fries) Sarah: (looks over at Joey's platter) Oh wow, are those stuffed clams? Joey: Uuuh.. yes, they are my stuffed clams. (Sarah, is grinning and starts to reach over to Joey's plate to take a few clams) Joey: How about those fries though, huh? (Holds the plate between Sarah’s fingers and his plate, thus blocking her from reaching his) Sarah: They are delicious (takes a few from the plate, puts one in her mouth and places the rest on her plate, then starts to reach over to Joey's platter again) Joey: (Spotting her movements takes her hand into his own) You are beautiful, you know that? Sarah: Oh, that is so sweet.. Joey: Oh (grinning, trying to hold in his impatience with her) okay.. (she takes her hand back) (Then she reaches over again and Joey moves his plate a little to the left, and she misses, then she reaches out again, and he moves his plate to the right , so she misses again. She tries a third time and this time, Joey pushes his plate so far to the left, it drops off the edge of the table) Joey: (Visibly annoyed) NOW look what you did!! Sarah: What? what is the matter with you? Joey: I don't like it when people take food off of my plate, okay? Sarah: But you just said "What's mine is yours"? Joey: WELL, I DIDN'T MEAN IT! Sarah: Fine, I'm sorry, I didn't think it was that big a deal. Joey: I'm sorry, I'm overreacting. Okay, It's just when it comes to food, I have certain rules, okay, I mean (bends down and with his plate and his hands, scrapes the dropped dinner back onto the plate and puts it back on the table) There are things you do..and you now, things.. (takes something from the plate and blows it a little) that you don't do (He takes a bite from it).  (Sarah looks a little disgusted)   [Scene: Ross and his date walk into a lobby. They are both wearing their jackets]   Girl: Wow, this place looks great. Ross: Oh! You are gonna love it! (The girl is looking in the other direction as Ross is taking off his own coat, revealing the pink and white ladies shirt) and I'm so glad, we're finally doing this. Girl: Me too! (starts to take her coat off) Ross: Here (gets behind her to help. When the coat comes off we see she is wearing the exact same shirt Ross is wearing. They look at each other, shocked. They abruptly put their coat back on) So this was fun! (They leave the room and head into opposite directions)   [Scene: Back at the restaurant with Joey and Sarah. Joey is holding Sarah's hands] Joey: I really am sorry about, you know..before. I just want to make sure you know that I really do like you. Sarah: Sure (smiling) Just not as much as clams. Joey: (Jokingly) Well, stuffed clams. (The waiter arrives with their deserts) Waiter: Chocolate Torte for the lady, cheesecake for the gentleman. Joey: Uh, excuse me sir, there seems to be some sort of red crap on my cheesecake. Waiter: Yes, that's Raspberry coule. Joey: (More to himself than anyone else) So stupid, ordering cheesecake, trying to     be healthy. (pushes it aside) Sarah: (tasting hers) Oh my God! (Looks at the waiter and then to Joey) Joey: Oh, all right, I'll just have what she's having instead. Waiter: Oh, I'm sorry sir, that was our last piece. Sarah: Mmmm! Mmm! (Sarah's beeper starts bleeping) Sarah: Oh, no! This is work. I should call in. Can you excuse me? Joey: Oh yeah, sure. No problem. (Joey's looking at Sarah's dessert, and takes her plate.) Sarah: What are you doing? I thought you don't share food. Joey: Sure I do. (holding up his own dessert) Coule? Sarah: (laughing) No. If I can't have your clams, you can't have my dessert. This is a two way street. Joey: (laughing) Really? Sarah: Really! Now this all better be here when I come back. (puts her plate back at her side of the table) Joey: Yeah, of course. I can control myself. (laughs uneasily and Sarah leaves the room) (Joey sits sideways on his chair, looking at Sarah's chocolate torte, and then looking away from it, nervously playing with his fork, drumming with it on the table every now and then.) Joey: (to the torte) Stop staring at me! (He then straightens himself, and looks at the torte) Joey: Why, just a tiny little... (He takes a little piece of Sarah's dessert. At first he doesn't think it's that special, but then...) Joey: Oh-oh! TIME LAPSE (Sarah enters the room again, and stops when she sees her dessert is missing. Joey has emptied her plate, and has a chocolate covered mouth, just like a kid.) Joey: I'm not even sorry.   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are entering.] Erica: Hi! Adoption Agency guy: Hey. Chandler: Hey. Agency guy: So, these are the preliminary forms for an open adoption. There's a lot to go over, but I'll explain everything as we go through it. Monica: (pointing to a picture on the table) I-Is... Is that a picture? Erica: Yeah. It's a sonogram they took of the baby last week. I thought you might want to see it. (gives it to Monica, who looks at it for a long time, and then shows it to Chandler) Monica: Look, doctor! (Chandler takes Monica's hand, and gets serious) Look, before we sign anything we really have to talk...(pause) We're not who you think we are. Agency guy: I don't understand. Chandler: The agency must have made some mistake. My wife is not a reverend and I'm not a doctor. Erica: What? Agency guy: That's impossible. Chandler: I could perform an operation on you and prove it if you'd like. Agency guy: I'll go check your file. Excuse me. Erica: So who are you? Chandler: Well, our names really are Monica and Chandler. We're from New York. Monica: Yeah, but the important thing to know about us, is how much we would care for this little baby. (holds up the sonogram) Erica: So you lied to me before? Monica: Well, we... (makes quotation signs in the air) "bore false witness"... See I could be a reverend. Erica: I can't believe this.  Monica: But we were hoping that since we told you the truth that you still might consider... Erica: Giving you my baby? You think I'd give you my child after this? Monica: Well, you don't have to decide right now, but if you could just look at our file... Erica: I don't want to look at your file! This is over. (She leaves the room, but Chandler runs after her. They meet in the hallway.) Chandler: Erica wait! Erica: I've nothing to say to you. (walks a few paces) Chandler: You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again. Erica: Why don't you ask the reverend to pray on it? Chandler: Erica, please. Just consider us. Ask them to see our file. Our last name's Bing. My wife's a chef and I'm in advertising. Erica: Oh yeah. I actually liked you guys. But it doesn't matter, because what you did was wrong. (walks away again, but Chandler catches up with her again) Chandler: But you did like us. And you should. My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this but the woman's always right... I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I... It kills me that I can't give her a baby... I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife... she's already there. She's a mother... without a baby... Please? (They look at each other. We switch back to Monica. Chandler opens the door and she turns to look at him.) Chandler: You still want that baby? (Monica plays those words back in her mind and then smiles and runs to Chandler, who is twisting with joy. They hug.) Monica: God bless you Chandler Bing! COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene: Central Perk. Joey's on the couch when Ross walks to him, with his jacket closed.] Ross: Turns out this sweater is made for a woman. Joey: (nods) So, why are you still wearing it? Ross: Because it's soft... Hey, so how was your date? Joey: Ooh... Not so good. Ross: Well, looks like it's just the two of us tonight, huh old buddy? Joey: Yeah, and you know what? We could do a lot worse. (they shake hands the way friends would. There's a muffin on the table, and Ross breaks off a piece and wants to put it in his mouth.) Joey: (shouting to Ross) JOEY DOESN'T SHARE FOOD! (Ross puts the piece back on the plate) end     
 Chandler:  Hi!
Chandler: We're just here to say goodbye, we're off to Ohio.
Chandler: And so incorrect!
Chandler: Uhm, thank you, but we're really trying not to get our hopes up.
Chandler: Yeah. I mean, this girl could decide against adoption or she could like another couple better..
Chandler: I can develop a condition in which I talk and talk and no one hears a word.
Chandler: So we're standing firm on the 'not getting our hopes up'?
Chandler: Yes, but...
Chandler: Oh, screw it, I'm gonna be a daddy!!
Chandler: Yeah. Just weird, you know. It's like: "Hi, I'm Chandler. May I have the human growing inside you?"
Chandler: You're gonna be great.
Chandler: Thank you so much for agreeing to see us.
Chandler: Ok.
Chandler: That's what our friends call us.
Chandler: (astonished) I don't think that's exactly...
 Phoebe: Hey! Joey: Hey. Phoebe: Oh, my friend Sarah had a great time last night. Joey: Well... Phoebe: Yeah! So you're gonna call this one back? Joey: Nope. Phoebe: What are you talking about? Sarah's great! Joey: Oh, really? You know what your great friend did? We're out to dinner, ok? (he starts talking about the date and we can see what happened through a flashback video) We're getting along, having a really nice time. I was thinking she was really cool. And then, out of nowhere...  (Sarah picks up some fries from Joey’s plate and Joey looks very angry. Then we’re back to Central Perk and Joey does a you-see-what-I-mean look to Phoebe) Phoebe: That’s it? That’s why you won’t go out with her again? So, she took some fries, big deal! Joey: Hey, hey, look! It’s not about a few fries... it’s about what the fries represent. Phoebe: What? Joey: ALL FOOD! Phoebe: I’m sorry, I can’t believe I set you up with such a MONSTER! Joey: Hey, hey, hey, hey. Look. I take a girl out, she can order whatever she wants! The more, the better! All right? Just don’t order a Garden salad and then eat my food! That’s a good way to lose some fingers! (Rachel enters from the main door) Phoebe: (to Rachel) Oh Rachel: Hi Phoebe: Thank God you’re here. Listen to this! Rachel: what? Phoebe: Joey and my friend were out last night and having dinner and she reaches over and takes a few of his fries... Rachel: Oh! Oh, no! (Joey looks satisfied) Phoebe: What? You know about the plate thing? Rachel: Oh, yeah. Joey doesn’t share food. I mean, just last week we were having breakfast and he had a couple of grapes on his plate and ... Phoebe: (to Joey) You wouldn’t let her have a grape? Rachel: Oh no! Not me! Emma! (Phoebe looks horrified and she turns to watch Joey) Joey: (mad and pointing a finger to himself) JOEY DOESN’T SHARE FOOD! Phoebe: Well, I still think that it’s a stupid reason not to call someone again. You are calling her! And if you need to, just get an extra plate of fries for the table! Joey: (he thinks a little, considering the option and seems to be quite satisfied) I like that! A sharing buffer! Yeah! I’ll order some extra fries! Maybe a plate of onion rings. Yeah. And a shrimp cocktail. And some buffalo wings. Maybe an individual pizza, uh? And some mozzarella sticks. (he looks absorbed in his food thoughts) What were we talking about? [Scene: A clothes store. Ross and Phoebe are shopping]  Phoebe: (to Ross) This place is awesome! Ross: You know, we should just go, I’m not gonna find anything here! This stuff is ridiculous!  (Rachel arrives with a lot of clothes) Rachel: Ah, this place is great! Phoebe: Wow! Ross: Rach, come on, I’m not gonna wear any of this! (he picks up a shirt) Nothing silver. (Rachel sighs). Ok? Nothing with hair! (Rachel sighs again) And nothing with padlocks on it! (Rachel heaves a long disappointing sigh). Rachel: Ross, look, I know that some of this stuff is out there, but I mean, come on, look at this, look at this sweater! (she picks up a blue sweater). I mean, this is just beautiful! Ross: (feeling the fabric) Wow, this is really soft (he looks the price). Three hundred and fifty dollars? Rachel: Yeah, down from seven hundred, you are saving like two hundred bucks! Ross: Both logic and math are taking a serious hit today. Phoebe (walking to Ross carrying a black leather jacket): Hey, check this out! It’s totally you! Ross: Wow! Phoebe: Yeah! (Ross wears the jackets and look at himself in the mirror) Ross: Actually this looks like pretty good! Yeah!(he turns and watches his back and there’s a sign on the back of the jacket, “boys will be boys”) Boys will be boys? Phoebe: What? They will be! Ross: All right, that’s it, I’m getting out of here. Rachel: No, no, no, no! Ross, wait! Come on! You know, there’s other stuff. Here’s a nice shirt, look at these nice pants... Ross: Uh, actually these might look pretty good on me. Rachel: Yes, they will! You know what you should do? Just go take a walk, all right? I know your size and I’m... I’m gonna pick up some really good stuff for you. Ross: Really? Rachel: Yes! And I know what looks sexy on guys. Please, just wear what I suggest, and she’s gonna go nuts for you. Ross: So, you’re saying, uh, if I wear these pants I might be getting into hers? Rachel: (to Phoebe) Why do men keep talking to me like this?   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are still talking with Erica.] Chandler: So, the fact that I am a doctor, and my wife’s a reverend, that’s important to you? Erica: Yeah, I read some great applications, but then I thought “who better then a minister to raise a child!” Monica: Amen. Chandler: Plus I thought the baby would be in good hands with a doctor! Monica: Uh, good hands. (she holds Chandler hands) Healing hands. Erica: Reverend, can I ask? Does the bible say anything about adoption? Monica: It says “Do it!”. And behold she did adopt onto them a baby. And it was good. Erica: Wow. Chandler: Yeah, wow. Erica: I was wondering you both have such serious jobs. (to Monica) Would you have time to take care of a baby and your flock? Monica: Oh, you know, my flock is good, I mean, yeah, my flock pretty much takes care of themselves at this point. Good flock. Flock, flock, flock. Erica: (to Chandler) Being a doctor must take up a lot of time. Chandler: No-ot for me it doesn’t. (The agency guy enters the room) Agency guy: So, how’s everything going in here? Erica: We’re great, I think I may have asked all my questions. Agency guy: Do you have any question for Erica? Chandler: Yeah, actually. So, you read a file that you liked and you gave the agency the serial number and they contacted us? Agency guy: Yes, our system assures total anonimity. We’re very proud of it. Chandler: You should be. You’re really on top of stuff.. Agency guy: (to Erica) Well, then if there’s nothing else, then the two of us should talk. Erica: Actually, I don’t think we have to. Monica: We don’t? Erica: Yeah, when I read about you two, I was pretty sure I wanted you, but I just thought we should meet face to face. (to the agency guy). I've made my decision. I choose them. Monica: Oh my God, this is great! This is so great! (to Chandler, who looks bewildered). Did you hear that? Chandler: Yeah, I did. Monica: (to Erica) Hey, thank you. Thank you so much. (they hugs). You are SO going to Heaven!  [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel and Phoebe walk in, loaded with bags.]  Rachel: We got some really great stuff! Phoebe: Yeah, yeah but I am not sure about some of the bra's I got. Rachel: Oh! Really? Do you wanna try some of them on for me?  Phoebe: Oh! okay. Wait, are we in Joey's imagination? Rachel: (looking into one of her shopping bags) Oh no! I took one of Ross' bags by     mistake, and one of mine is missing. Phoebe: oh, well, Ross probably has it, you can get it from him later.    [Scene: Ross walks into Central Perk, wearing a pink and white ladies shirt. Joey is on the couch]   Ross: (to Joey) So? What do you think? (Shows himself - Joey observes him with a strange look on his face.) Joey: I think were not wearing the same shirt anymore!! Ross: (not getting it) Yeah! Yeah! Rachel picked it out for me. She told me to trust her and you know what? I'm glad I did! I turned quite a few heads on my way over here. Joey: (now laughing a little) Dude, I really don't think you should be wearing that. Ross: Oh, I see, somebody is afraid of a little competition with the ladies? Joey: (looking a little agitated now) Looks like someone IS the ladies!! Ross: You're just jealous because you couldn't pull this off. Yeah, now if you'll excuse me (getting up and taking his coat) I have a date. (As he is walking out, everyone turns and stares at him) See? (To Joey) ALL eyes on ME!    [Scene: Monica and Chandler's hotel room. They enter.] Chandler: We are NOT signing those papers. Monica: Why not? Chandler: It's wrong. They made a mistake. They think we're somebody else. Monica: God works in mysterious ways. Chandler: You have gotta stop! Monica: But she liked us. Chandler: She likes Doctor Chandler and Reverend Monica. Monica: Well, if you think about it, I am kind of like a Reverend. I mean, as a chef, I serve God, by feeing the hungry and poor. (looks very convinced about what she just said) Chandler: Your Veal Chop is $34,95! Monica: C'mon Chandler, I think we have been given an opportunity. I mean, the mistake has already been made. They are writing up the paper right now. Chandler: But we are not the one she chose! How can you feel okay about this? Monica: (very emotional) Because... We may not be who she thinks we are but no-one will ever love that baby more than us. Chandler: I know.. Monica: I mean, who knows how long it's gonna take for someone else to give us a baby? What if, what if no one ever picks us? Chandler: oh, honey.. Monica: (Almost crying) Please.. please, we are so close. Chandler: Monica, I want a baby too, but this woman is giving away her child. She deserves to know who it's going to.   Monica: (realizes Chandler is right. She's almost crying) okay, right. (They hug) Chandler: So, we'll tell the truth and who knows, maybe she'll like us for us. Monica: (sniffing) Maybe she will. Uh! Why couldn't I have been a Reverend? Chandler: You're Jewish. Monica: Technicality!   [Scene: A restaurant. Joey is on his date with Phoebe’s friend, Sarah. They are sitting opposite each other on a table for two. Their waiter approaches with two plates.] Waiter: A garden salad for the lady (sets the plate down) Joey: Oh, that looks great! Good ordering! Waiter: Seafood platter for the gentleman and extra fries. Enjoy! Sarah: Mmmh, those fries look delicious. Joey: oh, I didn't know you liked French fries. Help yourself! What's mine is yours. (Sarah reaches over and takes a few fries) Sarah: (looks over at Joey's platter) Oh wow, are those stuffed clams? Joey: Uuuh.. yes, they are my stuffed clams. (Sarah, is grinning and starts to reach over to Joey's plate to take a few clams) Joey: How about those fries though, huh? (Holds the plate between Sarah’s fingers and his plate, thus blocking her from reaching his) Sarah: They are delicious (takes a few from the plate, puts one in her mouth and places the rest on her plate, then starts to reach over to Joey's platter again) Joey: (Spotting her movements takes her hand into his own) You are beautiful, you know that? Sarah: Oh, that is so sweet.. Joey: Oh (grinning, trying to hold in his impatience with her) okay.. (she takes her hand back) (Then she reaches over again and Joey moves his plate a little to the left, and she misses, then she reaches out again, and he moves his plate to the right , so she misses again. She tries a third time and this time, Joey pushes his plate so far to the left, it drops off the edge of the table) Joey: (Visibly annoyed) NOW look what you did!! Sarah: What? what is the matter with you? Joey: I don't like it when people take food off of my plate, okay? Sarah: But you just said "What's mine is yours"? Joey: WELL, I DIDN'T MEAN IT! Sarah: Fine, I'm sorry, I didn't think it was that big a deal. Joey: I'm sorry, I'm overreacting. Okay, It's just when it comes to food, I have certain rules, okay, I mean (bends down and with his plate and his hands, scrapes the dropped dinner back onto the plate and puts it back on the table) There are things you do..and you now, things.. (takes something from the plate and blows it a little) that you don't do (He takes a bite from it).  (Sarah looks a little disgusted)   [Scene: Ross and his date walk into a lobby. They are both wearing their jackets]   Girl: Wow, this place looks great. Ross: Oh! You are gonna love it! (The girl is looking in the other direction as Ross is taking off his own coat, revealing the pink and white ladies shirt) and I'm so glad, we're finally doing this. Girl: Me too! (starts to take her coat off) Ross: Here (gets behind her to help. When the coat comes off we see she is wearing the exact same shirt Ross is wearing. They look at each other, shocked. They abruptly put their coat back on) So this was fun! (They leave the room and head into opposite directions)   [Scene: Back at the restaurant with Joey and Sarah. Joey is holding Sarah's hands] Joey: I really am sorry about, you know..before. I just want to make sure you know that I really do like you. Sarah: Sure (smiling) Just not as much as clams. Joey: (Jokingly) Well, stuffed clams. (The waiter arrives with their deserts) Waiter: Chocolate Torte for the lady, cheesecake for the gentleman. Joey: Uh, excuse me sir, there seems to be some sort of red crap on my cheesecake. Waiter: Yes, that's Raspberry coule. Joey: (More to himself than anyone else) So stupid, ordering cheesecake, trying to     be healthy. (pushes it aside) Sarah: (tasting hers) Oh my God! (Looks at the waiter and then to Joey) Joey: Oh, all right, I'll just have what she's having instead. Waiter: Oh, I'm sorry sir, that was our last piece. Sarah: Mmmm! Mmm! (Sarah's beeper starts bleeping) Sarah: Oh, no! This is work. I should call in. Can you excuse me? Joey: Oh yeah, sure. No problem. (Joey's looking at Sarah's dessert, and takes her plate.) Sarah: What are you doing? I thought you don't share food. Joey: Sure I do. (holding up his own dessert) Coule? Sarah: (laughing) No. If I can't have your clams, you can't have my dessert. This is a two way street. Joey: (laughing) Really? Sarah: Really! Now this all better be here when I come back. (puts her plate back at her side of the table) Joey: Yeah, of course. I can control myself. (laughs uneasily and Sarah leaves the room) (Joey sits sideways on his chair, looking at Sarah's chocolate torte, and then looking away from it, nervously playing with his fork, drumming with it on the table every now and then.) Joey: (to the torte) Stop staring at me! (He then straightens himself, and looks at the torte) Joey: Why, just a tiny little... (He takes a little piece of Sarah's dessert. At first he doesn't think it's that special, but then...) Joey: Oh-oh! TIME LAPSE (Sarah enters the room again, and stops when she sees her dessert is missing. Joey has emptied her plate, and has a chocolate covered mouth, just like a kid.) Joey: I'm not even sorry.   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are entering.] Erica: Hi! Adoption Agency guy: Hey. Chandler: Hey. Agency guy: So, these are the preliminary forms for an open adoption. There's a lot to go over, but I'll explain everything as we go through it. Monica: (pointing to a picture on the table) I-Is... Is that a picture? Erica: Yeah. It's a sonogram they took of the baby last week. I thought you might want to see it. (gives it to Monica, who looks at it for a long time, and then shows it to Chandler) Monica: Look, doctor! (Chandler takes Monica's hand, and gets serious) Look, before we sign anything we really have to talk...(pause) We're not who you think we are. Agency guy: I don't understand. Chandler: The agency must have made some mistake. My wife is not a reverend and I'm not a doctor. Erica: What? Agency guy: That's impossible. Chandler: I could perform an operation on you and prove it if you'd like. Agency guy: I'll go check your file. Excuse me. Erica: So who are you? Chandler: Well, our names really are Monica and Chandler. We're from New York. Monica: Yeah, but the important thing to know about us, is how much we would care for this little baby. (holds up the sonogram) Erica: So you lied to me before? Monica: Well, we... (makes quotation signs in the air) "bore false witness"... See I could be a reverend. Erica: I can't believe this.  Monica: But we were hoping that since we told you the truth that you still might consider... Erica: Giving you my baby? You think I'd give you my child after this? Monica: Well, you don't have to decide right now, but if you could just look at our file... Erica: I don't want to look at your file! This is over. (She leaves the room, but Chandler runs after her. They meet in the hallway.) Chandler: Erica wait! Erica: I've nothing to say to you. (walks a few paces) Chandler: You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again. Erica: Why don't you ask the reverend to pray on it? Chandler: Erica, please. Just consider us. Ask them to see our file. Our last name's Bing. My wife's a chef and I'm in advertising. Erica: Oh yeah. I actually liked you guys. But it doesn't matter, because what you did was wrong. (walks away again, but Chandler catches up with her again) Chandler: But you did like us. And you should. My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this but the woman's always right... I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I... It kills me that I can't give her a baby... I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife... she's already there. She's a mother... without a baby... Please? (They look at each other. We switch back to Monica. Chandler opens the door and she turns to look at him.) Chandler: You still want that baby? (Monica plays those words back in her mind and then smiles and runs to Chandler, who is twisting with joy. They hug.) Monica: God bless you Chandler Bing! COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene: Central Perk. Joey's on the couch when Ross walks to him, with his jacket closed.] Ross: Turns out this sweater is made for a woman. Joey: (nods) So, why are you still wearing it? Ross: Because it's soft... Hey, so how was your date? Joey: Ooh... Not so good. Ross: Well, looks like it's just the two of us tonight, huh old buddy? Joey: Yeah, and you know what? We could do a lot worse. (they shake hands the way friends would. There's a muffin on the table, and Ross breaks off a piece and wants to put it in his mouth.) Joey: (shouting to Ross) JOEY DOESN'T SHARE FOOD! (Ross puts the piece back on the plate) end     
 Phoebe: (to Ross) This place is awesome! Ross: You know, we should just go, I’m not gonna find anything here! This stuff is ridiculous!  (Rachel arrives with a lot of clothes) Rachel: Ah, this place is great! Phoebe: Wow! Ross: Rach, come on, I’m not gonna wear any of this! (he picks up a shirt) Nothing silver. (Rachel sighs). Ok? Nothing with hair! (Rachel sighs again) And nothing with padlocks on it! (Rachel heaves a long disappointing sigh). Rachel: Ross, look, I know that some of this stuff is out there, but I mean, come on, look at this, look at this sweater! (she picks up a blue sweater). I mean, this is just beautiful! Ross: (feeling the fabric) Wow, this is really soft (he looks the price). Three hundred and fifty dollars? Rachel: Yeah, down from seven hundred, you are saving like two hundred bucks! Ross: Both logic and math are taking a serious hit today. Phoebe (walking to Ross carrying a black leather jacket): Hey, check this out! It’s totally you! Ross: Wow! Phoebe: Yeah! (Ross wears the jackets and look at himself in the mirror) Ross: Actually this looks like pretty good! Yeah!(he turns and watches his back and there’s a sign on the back of the jacket, “boys will be boys”) Boys will be boys? Phoebe: What? They will be! Ross: All right, that’s it, I’m getting out of here. Rachel: No, no, no, no! Ross, wait! Come on! You know, there’s other stuff. Here’s a nice shirt, look at these nice pants... Ross: Uh, actually these might look pretty good on me. Rachel: Yes, they will! You know what you should do? Just go take a walk, all right? I know your size and I’m... I’m gonna pick up some really good stuff for you. Ross: Really? Rachel: Yes! And I know what looks sexy on guys. Please, just wear what I suggest, and she’s gonna go nuts for you. Ross: So, you’re saying, uh, if I wear these pants I might be getting into hers? Rachel: (to Phoebe) Why do men keep talking to me like this?   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are still talking with Erica.] Chandler: So, the fact that I am a doctor, and my wife’s a reverend, that’s important to you? Erica: Yeah, I read some great applications, but then I thought “who better then a minister to raise a child!” Monica: Amen. Chandler: Plus I thought the baby would be in good hands with a doctor! Monica: Uh, good hands. (she holds Chandler hands) Healing hands. Erica: Reverend, can I ask? Does the bible say anything about adoption? Monica: It says “Do it!”. And behold she did adopt onto them a baby. And it was good. Erica: Wow. Chandler: Yeah, wow. Erica: I was wondering you both have such serious jobs. (to Monica) Would you have time to take care of a baby and your flock? Monica: Oh, you know, my flock is good, I mean, yeah, my flock pretty much takes care of themselves at this point. Good flock. Flock, flock, flock. Erica: (to Chandler) Being a doctor must take up a lot of time. Chandler: No-ot for me it doesn’t. (The agency guy enters the room) Agency guy: So, how’s everything going in here? Erica: We’re great, I think I may have asked all my questions. Agency guy: Do you have any question for Erica? Chandler: Yeah, actually. So, you read a file that you liked and you gave the agency the serial number and they contacted us? Agency guy: Yes, our system assures total anonimity. We’re very proud of it. Chandler: You should be. You’re really on top of stuff.. Agency guy: (to Erica) Well, then if there’s nothing else, then the two of us should talk. Erica: Actually, I don’t think we have to. Monica: We don’t? Erica: Yeah, when I read about you two, I was pretty sure I wanted you, but I just thought we should meet face to face. (to the agency guy). I've made my decision. I choose them. Monica: Oh my God, this is great! This is so great! (to Chandler, who looks bewildered). Did you hear that? Chandler: Yeah, I did. Monica: (to Erica) Hey, thank you. Thank you so much. (they hugs). You are SO going to Heaven!  [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel and Phoebe walk in, loaded with bags.]  Rachel: We got some really great stuff! Phoebe: Yeah, yeah but I am not sure about some of the bra's I got. Rachel: Oh! Really? Do you wanna try some of them on for me?  Phoebe: Oh! okay. Wait, are we in Joey's imagination? Rachel: (looking into one of her shopping bags) Oh no! I took one of Ross' bags by     mistake, and one of mine is missing. Phoebe: oh, well, Ross probably has it, you can get it from him later.    [Scene: Ross walks into Central Perk, wearing a pink and white ladies shirt. Joey is on the couch]   Ross: (to Joey) So? What do you think? (Shows himself - Joey observes him with a strange look on his face.) Joey: I think were not wearing the same shirt anymore!! Ross: (not getting it) Yeah! Yeah! Rachel picked it out for me. She told me to trust her and you know what? I'm glad I did! I turned quite a few heads on my way over here. Joey: (now laughing a little) Dude, I really don't think you should be wearing that. Ross: Oh, I see, somebody is afraid of a little competition with the ladies? Joey: (looking a little agitated now) Looks like someone IS the ladies!! Ross: You're just jealous because you couldn't pull this off. Yeah, now if you'll excuse me (getting up and taking his coat) I have a date. (As he is walking out, everyone turns and stares at him) See? (To Joey) ALL eyes on ME!    [Scene: Monica and Chandler's hotel room. They enter.] Chandler: We are NOT signing those papers. Monica: Why not? Chandler: It's wrong. They made a mistake. They think we're somebody else. Monica: God works in mysterious ways. Chandler: You have gotta stop! Monica: But she liked us. Chandler: She likes Doctor Chandler and Reverend Monica. Monica: Well, if you think about it, I am kind of like a Reverend. I mean, as a chef, I serve God, by feeing the hungry and poor. (looks very convinced about what she just said) Chandler: Your Veal Chop is $34,95! Monica: C'mon Chandler, I think we have been given an opportunity. I mean, the mistake has already been made. They are writing up the paper right now. Chandler: But we are not the one she chose! How can you feel okay about this? Monica: (very emotional) Because... We may not be who she thinks we are but no-one will ever love that baby more than us. Chandler: I know.. Monica: I mean, who knows how long it's gonna take for someone else to give us a baby? What if, what if no one ever picks us? Chandler: oh, honey.. Monica: (Almost crying) Please.. please, we are so close. Chandler: Monica, I want a baby too, but this woman is giving away her child. She deserves to know who it's going to.   Monica: (realizes Chandler is right. She's almost crying) okay, right. (They hug) Chandler: So, we'll tell the truth and who knows, maybe she'll like us for us. Monica: (sniffing) Maybe she will. Uh! Why couldn't I have been a Reverend? Chandler: You're Jewish. Monica: Technicality!   [Scene: A restaurant. Joey is on his date with Phoebe’s friend, Sarah. They are sitting opposite each other on a table for two. Their waiter approaches with two plates.] Waiter: A garden salad for the lady (sets the plate down) Joey: Oh, that looks great! Good ordering! Waiter: Seafood platter for the gentleman and extra fries. Enjoy! Sarah: Mmmh, those fries look delicious. Joey: oh, I didn't know you liked French fries. Help yourself! What's mine is yours. (Sarah reaches over and takes a few fries) Sarah: (looks over at Joey's platter) Oh wow, are those stuffed clams? Joey: Uuuh.. yes, they are my stuffed clams. (Sarah, is grinning and starts to reach over to Joey's plate to take a few clams) Joey: How about those fries though, huh? (Holds the plate between Sarah’s fingers and his plate, thus blocking her from reaching his) Sarah: They are delicious (takes a few from the plate, puts one in her mouth and places the rest on her plate, then starts to reach over to Joey's platter again) Joey: (Spotting her movements takes her hand into his own) You are beautiful, you know that? Sarah: Oh, that is so sweet.. Joey: Oh (grinning, trying to hold in his impatience with her) okay.. (she takes her hand back) (Then she reaches over again and Joey moves his plate a little to the left, and she misses, then she reaches out again, and he moves his plate to the right , so she misses again. She tries a third time and this time, Joey pushes his plate so far to the left, it drops off the edge of the table) Joey: (Visibly annoyed) NOW look what you did!! Sarah: What? what is the matter with you? Joey: I don't like it when people take food off of my plate, okay? Sarah: But you just said "What's mine is yours"? Joey: WELL, I DIDN'T MEAN IT! Sarah: Fine, I'm sorry, I didn't think it was that big a deal. Joey: I'm sorry, I'm overreacting. Okay, It's just when it comes to food, I have certain rules, okay, I mean (bends down and with his plate and his hands, scrapes the dropped dinner back onto the plate and puts it back on the table) There are things you do..and you now, things.. (takes something from the plate and blows it a little) that you don't do (He takes a bite from it).  (Sarah looks a little disgusted)   [Scene: Ross and his date walk into a lobby. They are both wearing their jackets]   Girl: Wow, this place looks great. Ross: Oh! You are gonna love it! (The girl is looking in the other direction as Ross is taking off his own coat, revealing the pink and white ladies shirt) and I'm so glad, we're finally doing this. Girl: Me too! (starts to take her coat off) Ross: Here (gets behind her to help. When the coat comes off we see she is wearing the exact same shirt Ross is wearing. They look at each other, shocked. They abruptly put their coat back on) So this was fun! (They leave the room and head into opposite directions)   [Scene: Back at the restaurant with Joey and Sarah. Joey is holding Sarah's hands] Joey: I really am sorry about, you know..before. I just want to make sure you know that I really do like you. Sarah: Sure (smiling) Just not as much as clams. Joey: (Jokingly) Well, stuffed clams. (The waiter arrives with their deserts) Waiter: Chocolate Torte for the lady, cheesecake for the gentleman. Joey: Uh, excuse me sir, there seems to be some sort of red crap on my cheesecake. Waiter: Yes, that's Raspberry coule. Joey: (More to himself than anyone else) So stupid, ordering cheesecake, trying to     be healthy. (pushes it aside) Sarah: (tasting hers) Oh my God! (Looks at the waiter and then to Joey) Joey: Oh, all right, I'll just have what she's having instead. Waiter: Oh, I'm sorry sir, that was our last piece. Sarah: Mmmm! Mmm! (Sarah's beeper starts bleeping) Sarah: Oh, no! This is work. I should call in. Can you excuse me? Joey: Oh yeah, sure. No problem. (Joey's looking at Sarah's dessert, and takes her plate.) Sarah: What are you doing? I thought you don't share food. Joey: Sure I do. (holding up his own dessert) Coule? Sarah: (laughing) No. If I can't have your clams, you can't have my dessert. This is a two way street. Joey: (laughing) Really? Sarah: Really! Now this all better be here when I come back. (puts her plate back at her side of the table) Joey: Yeah, of course. I can control myself. (laughs uneasily and Sarah leaves the room) (Joey sits sideways on his chair, looking at Sarah's chocolate torte, and then looking away from it, nervously playing with his fork, drumming with it on the table every now and then.) Joey: (to the torte) Stop staring at me! (He then straightens himself, and looks at the torte) Joey: Why, just a tiny little... (He takes a little piece of Sarah's dessert. At first he doesn't think it's that special, but then...) Joey: Oh-oh! TIME LAPSE (Sarah enters the room again, and stops when she sees her dessert is missing. Joey has emptied her plate, and has a chocolate covered mouth, just like a kid.) Joey: I'm not even sorry.   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are entering.] Erica: Hi! Adoption Agency guy: Hey. Chandler: Hey. Agency guy: So, these are the preliminary forms for an open adoption. There's a lot to go over, but I'll explain everything as we go through it. Monica: (pointing to a picture on the table) I-Is... Is that a picture? Erica: Yeah. It's a sonogram they took of the baby last week. I thought you might want to see it. (gives it to Monica, who looks at it for a long time, and then shows it to Chandler) Monica: Look, doctor! (Chandler takes Monica's hand, and gets serious) Look, before we sign anything we really have to talk...(pause) We're not who you think we are. Agency guy: I don't understand. Chandler: The agency must have made some mistake. My wife is not a reverend and I'm not a doctor. Erica: What? Agency guy: That's impossible. Chandler: I could perform an operation on you and prove it if you'd like. Agency guy: I'll go check your file. Excuse me. Erica: So who are you? Chandler: Well, our names really are Monica and Chandler. We're from New York. Monica: Yeah, but the important thing to know about us, is how much we would care for this little baby. (holds up the sonogram) Erica: So you lied to me before? Monica: Well, we... (makes quotation signs in the air) "bore false witness"... See I could be a reverend. Erica: I can't believe this.  Monica: But we were hoping that since we told you the truth that you still might consider... Erica: Giving you my baby? You think I'd give you my child after this? Monica: Well, you don't have to decide right now, but if you could just look at our file... Erica: I don't want to look at your file! This is over. (She leaves the room, but Chandler runs after her. They meet in the hallway.) Chandler: Erica wait! Erica: I've nothing to say to you. (walks a few paces) Chandler: You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again. Erica: Why don't you ask the reverend to pray on it? Chandler: Erica, please. Just consider us. Ask them to see our file. Our last name's Bing. My wife's a chef and I'm in advertising. Erica: Oh yeah. I actually liked you guys. But it doesn't matter, because what you did was wrong. (walks away again, but Chandler catches up with her again) Chandler: But you did like us. And you should. My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this but the woman's always right... I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I... It kills me that I can't give her a baby... I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife... she's already there. She's a mother... without a baby... Please? (They look at each other. We switch back to Monica. Chandler opens the door and she turns to look at him.) Chandler: You still want that baby? (Monica plays those words back in her mind and then smiles and runs to Chandler, who is twisting with joy. They hug.) Monica: God bless you Chandler Bing! COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene: Central Perk. Joey's on the couch when Ross walks to him, with his jacket closed.] Ross: Turns out this sweater is made for a woman. Joey: (nods) So, why are you still wearing it? Ross: Because it's soft... Hey, so how was your date? Joey: Ooh... Not so good. Ross: Well, looks like it's just the two of us tonight, huh old buddy? Joey: Yeah, and you know what? We could do a lot worse. (they shake hands the way friends would. There's a muffin on the table, and Ross breaks off a piece and wants to put it in his mouth.) Joey: (shouting to Ross) JOEY DOESN'T SHARE FOOD! (Ross puts the piece back on the plate) end     
  [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are still talking with Erica.] Chandler: So, the fact that I am a doctor, and my wife’s a reverend, that’s important to you? Erica: Yeah, I read some great applications, but then I thought “who better then a minister to raise a child!” Monica: Amen. Chandler: Plus I thought the baby would be in good hands with a doctor! Monica: Uh, good hands. (she holds Chandler hands) Healing hands. Erica: Reverend, can I ask? Does the bible say anything about adoption? Monica: It says “Do it!”. And behold she did adopt onto them a baby. And it was good. Erica: Wow. Chandler: Yeah, wow. Erica: I was wondering you both have such serious jobs. (to Monica) Would you have time to take care of a baby and your flock? Monica: Oh, you know, my flock is good, I mean, yeah, my flock pretty much takes care of themselves at this point. Good flock. Flock, flock, flock. Erica: (to Chandler) Being a doctor must take up a lot of time. Chandler: No-ot for me it doesn’t. (The agency guy enters the room) Agency guy: So, how’s everything going in here? Erica: We’re great, I think I may have asked all my questions. Agency guy: Do you have any question for Erica? Chandler: Yeah, actually. So, you read a file that you liked and you gave the agency the serial number and they contacted us? Agency guy: Yes, our system assures total anonimity. We’re very proud of it. Chandler: You should be. You’re really on top of stuff.. Agency guy: (to Erica) Well, then if there’s nothing else, then the two of us should talk. Erica: Actually, I don’t think we have to. Monica: We don’t? Erica: Yeah, when I read about you two, I was pretty sure I wanted you, but I just thought we should meet face to face. (to the agency guy). I've made my decision. I choose them. Monica: Oh my God, this is great! This is so great! (to Chandler, who looks bewildered). Did you hear that? Chandler: Yeah, I did. Monica: (to Erica) Hey, thank you. Thank you so much. (they hugs). You are SO going to Heaven!  [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel and Phoebe walk in, loaded with bags.]  Rachel: We got some really great stuff! Phoebe: Yeah, yeah but I am not sure about some of the bra's I got. Rachel: Oh! Really? Do you wanna try some of them on for me?  Phoebe: Oh! okay. Wait, are we in Joey's imagination? Rachel: (looking into one of her shopping bags) Oh no! I took one of Ross' bags by     mistake, and one of mine is missing. Phoebe: oh, well, Ross probably has it, you can get it from him later.    [Scene: Ross walks into Central Perk, wearing a pink and white ladies shirt. Joey is on the couch]   Ross: (to Joey) So? What do you think? (Shows himself - Joey observes him with a strange look on his face.) Joey: I think were not wearing the same shirt anymore!! Ross: (not getting it) Yeah! Yeah! Rachel picked it out for me. She told me to trust her and you know what? I'm glad I did! I turned quite a few heads on my way over here. Joey: (now laughing a little) Dude, I really don't think you should be wearing that. Ross: Oh, I see, somebody is afraid of a little competition with the ladies? Joey: (looking a little agitated now) Looks like someone IS the ladies!! Ross: You're just jealous because you couldn't pull this off. Yeah, now if you'll excuse me (getting up and taking his coat) I have a date. (As he is walking out, everyone turns and stares at him) See? (To Joey) ALL eyes on ME!    [Scene: Monica and Chandler's hotel room. They enter.] Chandler: We are NOT signing those papers. Monica: Why not? Chandler: It's wrong. They made a mistake. They think we're somebody else. Monica: God works in mysterious ways. Chandler: You have gotta stop! Monica: But she liked us. Chandler: She likes Doctor Chandler and Reverend Monica. Monica: Well, if you think about it, I am kind of like a Reverend. I mean, as a chef, I serve God, by feeing the hungry and poor. (looks very convinced about what she just said) Chandler: Your Veal Chop is $34,95! Monica: C'mon Chandler, I think we have been given an opportunity. I mean, the mistake has already been made. They are writing up the paper right now. Chandler: But we are not the one she chose! How can you feel okay about this? Monica: (very emotional) Because... We may not be who she thinks we are but no-one will ever love that baby more than us. Chandler: I know.. Monica: I mean, who knows how long it's gonna take for someone else to give us a baby? What if, what if no one ever picks us? Chandler: oh, honey.. Monica: (Almost crying) Please.. please, we are so close. Chandler: Monica, I want a baby too, but this woman is giving away her child. She deserves to know who it's going to.   Monica: (realizes Chandler is right. She's almost crying) okay, right. (They hug) Chandler: So, we'll tell the truth and who knows, maybe she'll like us for us. Monica: (sniffing) Maybe she will. Uh! Why couldn't I have been a Reverend? Chandler: You're Jewish. Monica: Technicality!   [Scene: A restaurant. Joey is on his date with Phoebe’s friend, Sarah. They are sitting opposite each other on a table for two. Their waiter approaches with two plates.] Waiter: A garden salad for the lady (sets the plate down) Joey: Oh, that looks great! Good ordering! Waiter: Seafood platter for the gentleman and extra fries. Enjoy! Sarah: Mmmh, those fries look delicious. Joey: oh, I didn't know you liked French fries. Help yourself! What's mine is yours. (Sarah reaches over and takes a few fries) Sarah: (looks over at Joey's platter) Oh wow, are those stuffed clams? Joey: Uuuh.. yes, they are my stuffed clams. (Sarah, is grinning and starts to reach over to Joey's plate to take a few clams) Joey: How about those fries though, huh? (Holds the plate between Sarah’s fingers and his plate, thus blocking her from reaching his) Sarah: They are delicious (takes a few from the plate, puts one in her mouth and places the rest on her plate, then starts to reach over to Joey's platter again) Joey: (Spotting her movements takes her hand into his own) You are beautiful, you know that? Sarah: Oh, that is so sweet.. Joey: Oh (grinning, trying to hold in his impatience with her) okay.. (she takes her hand back) (Then she reaches over again and Joey moves his plate a little to the left, and she misses, then she reaches out again, and he moves his plate to the right , so she misses again. She tries a third time and this time, Joey pushes his plate so far to the left, it drops off the edge of the table) Joey: (Visibly annoyed) NOW look what you did!! Sarah: What? what is the matter with you? Joey: I don't like it when people take food off of my plate, okay? Sarah: But you just said "What's mine is yours"? Joey: WELL, I DIDN'T MEAN IT! Sarah: Fine, I'm sorry, I didn't think it was that big a deal. Joey: I'm sorry, I'm overreacting. Okay, It's just when it comes to food, I have certain rules, okay, I mean (bends down and with his plate and his hands, scrapes the dropped dinner back onto the plate and puts it back on the table) There are things you do..and you now, things.. (takes something from the plate and blows it a little) that you don't do (He takes a bite from it).  (Sarah looks a little disgusted)   [Scene: Ross and his date walk into a lobby. They are both wearing their jackets]   Girl: Wow, this place looks great. Ross: Oh! You are gonna love it! (The girl is looking in the other direction as Ross is taking off his own coat, revealing the pink and white ladies shirt) and I'm so glad, we're finally doing this. Girl: Me too! (starts to take her coat off) Ross: Here (gets behind her to help. When the coat comes off we see she is wearing the exact same shirt Ross is wearing. They look at each other, shocked. They abruptly put their coat back on) So this was fun! (They leave the room and head into opposite directions)   [Scene: Back at the restaurant with Joey and Sarah. Joey is holding Sarah's hands] Joey: I really am sorry about, you know..before. I just want to make sure you know that I really do like you. Sarah: Sure (smiling) Just not as much as clams. Joey: (Jokingly) Well, stuffed clams. (The waiter arrives with their deserts) Waiter: Chocolate Torte for the lady, cheesecake for the gentleman. Joey: Uh, excuse me sir, there seems to be some sort of red crap on my cheesecake. Waiter: Yes, that's Raspberry coule. Joey: (More to himself than anyone else) So stupid, ordering cheesecake, trying to     be healthy. (pushes it aside) Sarah: (tasting hers) Oh my God! (Looks at the waiter and then to Joey) Joey: Oh, all right, I'll just have what she's having instead. Waiter: Oh, I'm sorry sir, that was our last piece. Sarah: Mmmm! Mmm! (Sarah's beeper starts bleeping) Sarah: Oh, no! This is work. I should call in. Can you excuse me? Joey: Oh yeah, sure. No problem. (Joey's looking at Sarah's dessert, and takes her plate.) Sarah: What are you doing? I thought you don't share food. Joey: Sure I do. (holding up his own dessert) Coule? Sarah: (laughing) No. If I can't have your clams, you can't have my dessert. This is a two way street. Joey: (laughing) Really? Sarah: Really! Now this all better be here when I come back. (puts her plate back at her side of the table) Joey: Yeah, of course. I can control myself. (laughs uneasily and Sarah leaves the room) (Joey sits sideways on his chair, looking at Sarah's chocolate torte, and then looking away from it, nervously playing with his fork, drumming with it on the table every now and then.) Joey: (to the torte) Stop staring at me! (He then straightens himself, and looks at the torte) Joey: Why, just a tiny little... (He takes a little piece of Sarah's dessert. At first he doesn't think it's that special, but then...) Joey: Oh-oh! TIME LAPSE (Sarah enters the room again, and stops when she sees her dessert is missing. Joey has emptied her plate, and has a chocolate covered mouth, just like a kid.) Joey: I'm not even sorry.   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are entering.] Erica: Hi! Adoption Agency guy: Hey. Chandler: Hey. Agency guy: So, these are the preliminary forms for an open adoption. There's a lot to go over, but I'll explain everything as we go through it. Monica: (pointing to a picture on the table) I-Is... Is that a picture? Erica: Yeah. It's a sonogram they took of the baby last week. I thought you might want to see it. (gives it to Monica, who looks at it for a long time, and then shows it to Chandler) Monica: Look, doctor! (Chandler takes Monica's hand, and gets serious) Look, before we sign anything we really have to talk...(pause) We're not who you think we are. Agency guy: I don't understand. Chandler: The agency must have made some mistake. My wife is not a reverend and I'm not a doctor. Erica: What? Agency guy: That's impossible. Chandler: I could perform an operation on you and prove it if you'd like. Agency guy: I'll go check your file. Excuse me. Erica: So who are you? Chandler: Well, our names really are Monica and Chandler. We're from New York. Monica: Yeah, but the important thing to know about us, is how much we would care for this little baby. (holds up the sonogram) Erica: So you lied to me before? Monica: Well, we... (makes quotation signs in the air) "bore false witness"... See I could be a reverend. Erica: I can't believe this.  Monica: But we were hoping that since we told you the truth that you still might consider... Erica: Giving you my baby? You think I'd give you my child after this? Monica: Well, you don't have to decide right now, but if you could just look at our file... Erica: I don't want to look at your file! This is over. (She leaves the room, but Chandler runs after her. They meet in the hallway.) Chandler: Erica wait! Erica: I've nothing to say to you. (walks a few paces) Chandler: You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again. Erica: Why don't you ask the reverend to pray on it? Chandler: Erica, please. Just consider us. Ask them to see our file. Our last name's Bing. My wife's a chef and I'm in advertising. Erica: Oh yeah. I actually liked you guys. But it doesn't matter, because what you did was wrong. (walks away again, but Chandler catches up with her again) Chandler: But you did like us. And you should. My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this but the woman's always right... I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I... It kills me that I can't give her a baby... I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife... she's already there. She's a mother... without a baby... Please? (They look at each other. We switch back to Monica. Chandler opens the door and she turns to look at him.) Chandler: You still want that baby? (Monica plays those words back in her mind and then smiles and runs to Chandler, who is twisting with joy. They hug.) Monica: God bless you Chandler Bing! COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene: Central Perk. Joey's on the couch when Ross walks to him, with his jacket closed.] Ross: Turns out this sweater is made for a woman. Joey: (nods) So, why are you still wearing it? Ross: Because it's soft... Hey, so how was your date? Joey: Ooh... Not so good. Ross: Well, looks like it's just the two of us tonight, huh old buddy? Joey: Yeah, and you know what? We could do a lot worse. (they shake hands the way friends would. There's a muffin on the table, and Ross breaks off a piece and wants to put it in his mouth.) Joey: (shouting to Ross) JOEY DOESN'T SHARE FOOD! (Ross puts the piece back on the plate) end     
Chandler: So, the fact that I am a doctor, and my wife’s a reverend, that’s important to you?
Chandler: Plus I thought the baby would be in good hands with a doctor!
Chandler: Yeah, wow.
Chandler: No-ot for me it doesn’t.
Chandler: Yeah, actually. So, you read a file that you liked and you gave the agency the serial number and they contacted us?
Chandler: You should be. You’re really on top of stuff..
Chandler: Yeah, I did.
Chandler: We are NOT signing those papers.
Chandler: It's wrong. They made a mistake. They think we're somebody else.
Chandler: You have gotta stop!
Chandler: She likes Doctor Chandler and Reverend Monica.
Chandler: Your Veal Chop is $34,95!
Chandler: But we are not the one she chose! How can you feel okay about this?
Chandler: I know..
Chandler: oh, honey..
Chandler: Monica, I want a baby too, but this woman is giving away her child. She deserves to know who it's going to.   Monica: (realizes Chandler is right. She's almost crying) okay, right. (They hug)
Chandler: So, we'll tell the truth and who knows, maybe she'll like us for us.
Chandler: You're Jewish.
Chandler: Hey.
Chandler: The agency must have made some mistake. My wife is not a reverend and I'm not a doctor.
Chandler: I could perform an operation on you and prove it if you'd like.
Chandler: Well, our names really are Monica and Chandler. We're from New York.
Chandler: Erica wait!
Chandler: You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again.
Chandler: Erica, please. Just consider us. Ask them to see our file. Our last name's Bing. My wife's a chef and I'm in advertising.
Chandler: But you did like us. And you should. My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this but the woman's always right... I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I... It kills me that I can't give her a baby... I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife... she's already there. She's a mother... without a baby... Please?
Chandler: You still want that baby?
Teleplay by: Tracy Reilly    Written by: Andrew Reich &amp; Ted Cohen     Produced by: Robert Carlock &amp; Wendy Knoller   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa [Flashback scene from last week, Monica and Chandler's kitchen,    Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler are there.] Jennifer: Previously on Friends... Chandler: How did the job stuff go? Rachel: He offered me one. Ross: (gasps) You know what? This calls for a bottle of Israels finest. Rachel: The job is in Paris. (we see Ross stare in disbelief)  FADE OUT Rachel: Oh, God! Please, somebody  say something. Ross: So if you take this job you'll be moving to Paris? Chandler: Or facing a bitch of a commute. Rachel: I know, it's huge, and it's scary, and it's... really far, far away    from you guys, but this is such an incredible opportunity for me. And I've already    talked to them about our situation with Emma, and they said they'll do whatever    we need to make us feel comfortable. Ross: Okay. Rachel: I mean, I'll fly back and forth, they'll fly you out...    Anything we want. Chandler: My boss said I might be getting a new lamp in my cubicle. (Monica    looks at him and can't really place what he just said) Ross: All right, we'll work it out. Rachel: Thank you! Thank you! Ross: Yeah, yeah! (they hug) You sure this is what you want? Rachel: I think it is. (Ross looks very sad. Phoebe    and Joey enter.) Phoebe: Ooh, what's going on? Rachel: I got a really incredible job offer. Joey: Hey, great! All right! Phoebe: Good for you! Rachel: It's in Paris. Joey: What? No, no, no! No, no... no... no, no... No, too much is changing,    okay? First, Phoebe getting married (to Phoebe) Congratulations! (pointing to    Monica and Chandler)... and then these two move into a stupid house in the stupid    suburbs... Monica: Hey, this afternoon you said you'd be supportive... Joey: Well, it comes and goes. I wouldn't trust it. Rachel: Look, you guys... this is really, really important to me. And it means    a lot if you could try to get on board. Phoebe: Of course we can. Congratulations. (they hug, but Joey shakes his head.)    Yay! (she gestures Joey to come and join in) Joey... Joey: No, no, no. My hugs are reserved for people STAYING IN AMERICA. Rachel: (walking towards Joey) Joey, it would mean so... Joey: Hey! No! Get your France-going-arms away from me. (He walks out, and    Rachel follows him) Rachel: Joey... Phoebe: You okay with this? Chandler: Well, it makes me feel sad, but... Phoebe: Talking to Ross. Chandler: I see. Ross: Well, Rachel moving to another country? Not being able to see her every    day. How can I be okay with this? Monica: I know, but what are we gonna do? She really needs this job. Ross: Do you think if the Ralph Lauren people offered her her old job back,    she would take it? Monica: How is that gonna happen? Chandler: Is this the best way to use one of your three magic wishes? Ross: I don't know. I could talk to her boss. Yeah! I met him at that Christmas    party. We really hit it off. Monica: You mean the guy who kept calling you Ron? Ross: I didn't say we were brothers.    OPENING CREDITS  [Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe's reading a newspaper. Chandler    and Monica walk in.] Monica: Hey Phoebe. Hey, tell me what you think. All right. The house next    door to the one that we're buying in Westchester? Just went on the market. I wanna    take a look at it, but Chandler doesn't. Chandler: We close escrow tomorrow, so seeing another house can only confuse    us, and we're easily confused. We're not very bright. Monica: But what if it is better than ours? Should we at least look? Chandler: What do you think Pheebs? Phoebe: Well, I think that shirt makes you look like you should work at a Baskin    Robbins... Anyway... Hey, isn't Joey's agent Estelle Leonard? Chandler: Yeah. Phoebe: She died. Chandler: You're kidding! Monica: That's terrible! Phoebe: Yeah, last Saturday. Wow! She was the first black man to fly solo across    the Atlantic. (Chandler and Monica look puzzled) Oh, wait a minute, I read the    wrong one. Chandler: Oh yeah?  Phoebe: Yeah, she was just an agent. Monica: Joey's gonna be *so* upset.  Chandler: I know. *He* always wanted to be the first black man to cross the    Atlantic. Phoebe: Well, we cannot tell Joey about this. He's already flipping out about    everything that's changing. This will push him over the edge. Monica: Seriously, you don't think we should tell him? Phoebe: Well, not for a little while. Let's just give him a few days to get    used to everything else. Monica: What if he reads it in the paper? Chandler: Unless Snoopy says it to Charlie Brown, I think we're okay.  [Scene: Ralph Lauren. Mr Zelner's office. Ross knocks on the    door and enters.] Mr Zelner: May I help you? Ross: Yeah, I'm a friend of Rachel Green's. Uhm, actually we met at the Christmas    party about two years ago. Mr Zelner: Oh right, uhm, Don? Ross: Close. Ron. (shakes hands) Mr Zelner: Uh... What can I do for you? Ross: Uhm, well... I'm here to see if you'll give Rachel her job back. Mr Zelner: Ah, did she ask you to come here and do this? Ross: Oh, no. At first I have to get you to agree. Then we'll    see if she wants to come back. Mr Zelner: Wow, that is tempting.  Ross: Look, she loved her job here. And let's face    it: you're not gonna find anyone who did it as well as she did it. Isn't that    true? Mr Zelner: She is good! Ross: (surprised) Huh, I took a shot there. Mr Zelner: But I'm sorry. There's nothing I can do... Ah,    it's not true, there is... nothing I want to do. Ross: I see... Thanks very much. (he gets up and walks to the door. On his    way out he looks at the photographs Mr Zelner has near his door. He picks one    up.) Is this your son?  Mr Zelner: Yeah, his name is Ross. (Ross looks very surprised) What? Ross: Oh, nothing, it’s just, it’s close to Ron. Does he.. Does    little Ross like dinosaurs by any chance?  Mr Zelner: Yeah, they're all he talks about, why? Ross: How would he like to come with me to the Museum of Natural History after    everyone else has left, just the two of us, and he can touch anything he wants.    (Mr. Zellner looks shocked). I just heard it as you must have heard it and that’s    not good. Let me start again. I’m a paleontologist, you’ll be there    with us and the touching refers only to bones… fossils! Mr Zelner: You can really arrange that? Ross: You let Rachel come back, and it’s done.  Mr Zelner: Well, I guess having Rachel back wouldn’t be the worst thing    in the world. Ross: Yeah! Yes! Thank you! This is great. Thank you so much. And I swear,    your kid is going to have the time of his life. Mr Zelner: That’s great. I worry about little Ross. He’s always    reading, he's collecting rocks and he’s obsessed with dinosaurs. Ross: He’ll be fine.  [Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe’s reading, Joey has just entered    the room] Joey: Hey Phoebe. Phoebe: Hey. Everything ok? Joey: I’m just mad at my agent. Phoebe: Estelle? Why? Joey: There’s a part in a TV movie that I would be perfect for and I    didn’t even be put up for it! She’d better have a good reason. Phoebe: I’m guessing she does.  Joey: Well (taking his cell phone out of a pocket) I’m wanna hear it,    because she keeps doing this. Phoebe: Well, no, no, wait, wait, wait. All right, I gotta go. Just listen. Promise me, that you    will wait a minute before you call her. Joey: Ok. Why? Phoebe: Because a promise between friends means never having to give a reason.    (she leaves) Joey: I love that saying! (Phoebe is outside, taking her cell phone out of her bag and making a call.    Joey is inside, and his mobile phone starts ringing). Joey: Hello? Phoebe (doing Estelle): Joey, it’s Estelle. Joey: I was just gonna call you! That’s weird. Phoebe-Estelle: It’s a little coincidental, but believable.    (Joey nods in agreement). Listen, I’m sure you’re wondering why    I didn’t get you an audition for that TV movie. Joey: Yeah, actually I am! Phoebe-Estelle: I guess I dropped the ball there. Whoopsie!   Joey: That’s it? You know, it seems all you do lately is drop the ball. Phoebe-Estelle: Don’t take that tone with me. Who you    think you are? Alan Lemond, the first black man to fly solo across the Atlantic? Joey: No, no, look. All I’m saying is that you’re my agent, ok?    And you’re not getting me into any auditions and I’m tired of it. Phoebe-Estelle: What are you saying? Joey: I’m saying that… (pause). This isn't  working for me    anymore, ok? Estelle, you’re fired. Goodbye. (he hangs up the phone). Phoebe: Man, tough week for Estelle!   [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel’s there and Ross    enters the room with a stuffed dinosaur] Ross: Hi. Rachel: Hi. Ross: Emma left her stuffed t-rex at my house. You know she can’t sleep    without it. Rachel: Oh, well, she’s asleep now. Stop forcing that thing on her. Ross: Ok. Rachel: Oh, you’re not gonna believe what happened to me today! Ralph    Lauren called, and gave me my job back! Ross: Nooo! Rachel: Yee. I mean, it was so weirdest thing. They fired me and then out    of nowhere they just hire me back! I mean, that place must have been falling    apart without me. Ross: So, you’re not going to Paris. Rachel: No, I’m still going. Ross: Wh… wh…what? Rachel: When the Louis Vuitton people found out that Ralph Lauren wanted me back,    the offered me more money! Isn’t that great? Ross: Yeeeah! (They high-five)    [Scene: house next to the one the Bings are moving into. Chandler    and Monica knock, a lady opens the door.] Monica: Hi. We’re buying the house next door, and we were wondering if we  could just take a look around. Lady: Oh, sure. I’m showing it to someone else right now,    but please, look around. Monica: Thanks. Chandler: It feels like we’re cheating on our house.    And if we’re gonna cheat, shouldn’t it be with like a hot, younger house,    that does stuff that our house won’t do? Monica: Ours is so much better! This living room is smaller, the dining room looks    like a cave! What a hole! Lady: So? What do you think? Monica: Love it! Lady: Well, we already have one offer on it, and I think the lady    upstairs is goning to make another one. Monica: They could be our neighbors, what are they like? Lady: Oh, the woman upstairs is very nice. She and her husband have two kids,    he's on Wall Street and she… Janice: Oh my God! (Chandler and Monica are speechless). Chandler (to Monica): Sure.  [Scene: Joey’s apartment. He’s there and Phoebe comes    in.] Phoebe: Hey Joey, want come with me to… are you ok? Joey: Yeah, I just… I just feel bad about firing Estelle. This is got to be    killing her. Phoebe: No, that wouldn’t kill her. Ordinary embolism might. Joey: I don’t know. She’s got to be taking it hard, I was like    her only client. Except for this guy who eats paper. And I’m guessing    he eats more money than he makes. Look, I know she’s not a great agent, but    she did stick with me for ten years. I’m gonna call her and hire her again. Phoebe: No, no, no! Don't call her! You wait for her to call    you (Joey considers it) Joey: Why? Phoebe: Because patience is the road to understanding (she thinks) which ...    is the key... to a happy heart. Joey: (impressed) You blow me away.  Phoebe: (picking up her bag) All right, so promise you're gonna wait for her    to call you? Joey: I promise. And that means, never having to give a reason. (Phoebe stops    herself from laughing and leaves)   [Scene: The house Monica and Chandler are viewing. Janice comes    down the stairs.] Janice: What a small world! Chandler: And yet I never run into Beyonce! Realtor: You two know each other? Janice: Oh, we go way back. Before Monica made an honest man    out of him, Chandler used to be my little love muffin! (does her irritating    laugh). So? Are you guys thinking of getting this house too? Ooh! Are we gonna    have a bidding war? I'd better warn you, I'm a toughie (playfully punches Chandler,    who tries to get away from her) Chandler: (at Janice's punching) Don't, don't! (looks disgusted) Monica: No, actually, we're buying the house next door. (Janice gasps) Chandler: (To Monica and with bulging eyes) Why!? Monica: (looks confused and scared) I don't know    why. Janice: Ooh, that decides it then. I was on the fence.    But knowing that you two would be our neighbors? Ah! now we have to    get it! (Chandler and Monica are utterly shocked) Ellen, we're going to talk    numbers. (Grabs Ellen by her elbow and pulls her outside)  Chandler: This can not be happening! Monica: Okay, the realtor said another couple made an offer.    Maybe the Janice's won't get it! Maybe the other couple will. Chandler: The only way that that is going to happen, is if the other couple    are the Hitlers. Monica: (Thinks a little more) Okay, Okay, (clapping her hands)    All right. What if we got both houses? Huh? We can turn this house    into a guest house. Chandler: That is a great idea! And by the way, I don't mean to sound distasteful,    but when did you start crapping money!? Monica: Okay, you come up with an idea. Chandler: Alright alright, we still have three hours till escrow closes on    our house. We can still get out. Monica: But we love our house. Chandler: Will we love it so much with her next door? And she's gonna be louder    out here too. Just the crickets and (apes Janice's voice) "Oh My God"!   Monica: Okay, but if we don't get this house, she's stil gonna show up wherever    we go! I mean, at least if she's here, it eliminates the element of suprise.    I mean, never again will you have to hear the three words that make your balls    jump back up inside your body. (She shows this with her index finger, mimicking    it pushing something up) Chandler: (looks afraid, but at the same time, knows she's right) Well, we    have to do something. We can't have her living next door. (Janice's laughs loudly    outside) Oh, that does it too. (Motions with his index finger like Monica did)   [Scene: Mr. Zellner's office. There is a knock on the door.] r Zelner: Who is it? Ross: (enters) It's me. Ron. (Mr. Zellner looks annoyed)    Look, I um, I now Rachel turned you down but I think there is a way you might    be able to get her to come back.  Mr Zelner: This may surprise you, but re-hiring fired employees,    is not my main job. Ross: Just hear me out. How would you feel about offering her a raise? (looks    hopeful) Mr Zelner: (obviously amused) Not good, Ron.  Ross: Perhaps I can persuade you. What if you can give your son this (Takes    a huge egg out of his back) genuine pterodactyl egg (whispers) replica. Mr Zelner: (Takes a long look at the egg while he considers it) Wow, that's    pretty cool (Takes the egg from Ross) Ross: Huh? So? We have a deal? Mr Zelner: Okay, you got it. Ross: Yes! yes!  Mr Zelner: This is gonna make me very popular. Ross: Oh, (grins) Believe me, the ladies, they love it! Mr Zelner: (looks at Ross, for a long moment, confused) I meant with my son. Ross: Good, 'cause the ladies, not so much. (shakes his head, give him a thumbs    up and leaves)   [Scene: Joey's apartment. He walks in reading his mail, and plays    back his messages on the answering machine] Answering machine: Joey, this is Al T. Booker, (Looks annoyed  that he called him) the guy who eats paper. I'm sure you've heard that Estelle  passed away. (Looks shocked) I wanted to let you know there's a memorial for her  at the Westside chapel, tomorrow at ten. Hope you can make it.  Joey: Oh my God. (Still in shock when his mobile rings, he picks it up) Hello? Phoebe: (on the other side of the line, still pretending to be Estelle) Joey,    it's Estelle. (Joey's eyes bulge up, he looks afraid) Joey: Estelle? Phoebe: Yeah, I wanted to call and tell you that there's no hard feelings for    firing me. Joey: (still scared) Ok-ay. I just, I can't believe you're calling me? Phoebe: Well, I didn't think I should just drop by... Joey: No, no, no! (Starts looking around the room, terrified) Don't drop by,    don't drop by! Phoebe: Anyway, you did what you had to do. I'm okay. Joey: Can I ask you something? Uhm, what's it like there? Phoebe: (Looks around) It's alright. Look kiddo, I gotta go. Good luck with    the career. You're gonna be huge. Joey: Thanks for everything Estelle. Bye. (Hangs up and reads the phone display)    "out of area". Boy, I'll say.   [Scene: The house next door to Chandler and Monica's new house.    Chandler is pacing worriedly through the living room when Janice enters.] Janice: Well... I just talked to Sid, we are definitely putting in an offer on  the house... a-a-and I'll bet we get it. Chandler: The Hitlers will be so disappointed. Janice: All right, I got to run. Tell Monica I say goodbye. And... I'll see    you later, neighbor. (Janice laugh) Chandler: Wait! I just want you to know that... I'm so happy you're going to    be here. Janice: Oh, me too... (laughs) Chandler: Because... that way... we can pick up where we left off. Janice: Huh? Chandler: I never stopped loving you. Janice: Oh... my... Chandler: Yeah, yeah, yeah! I want you... I need you... I must have you Janice    Litman Goralnik Neihosenstein. Janice: Chandler, what are you talking about? Chandler: Now that you live next door, we can be together every day. Sid and    Monica never have to know a thing. Janice: I don't know what to say... I mean, you know, obviously we have this...    heat between us. Chandler: (stunned) Obviously. Janice: But I love my husband. And I know you love your wife. Now, I don't    think we should get this house now. Chandler: Don't say that. Don't tangle the dream and take it away. Janice: Chandler, one of us has got to be strong. Chandler: I understand. Janice: Although, maybe just... one last moment of weakness... (she kisses    Chandler flat on the mouth. Chandler squirms. When she's finished, he looks    at her lovingly but uneasily.) Goodbye Chandler Bing. (She leaves) Chandler: (speaking as in pain) They're never coming down now.   [Scene: Ross's apartment. Ross is working on his laptop when    Rachel enters with Emma.] Rachel: Hi! Ross: Hey! Rachel: You are never going to believe what happened to me today. Ross: What? Rachel: Ralph Lauren called again and they offered    me more money. Ross: They did? Rachel: Yeah. It was the weirdest thing. Zelner called me and he said we'll    do everything we can to get you back. And that I should thank some Ron... I    don't even know what department that guy's in. Ross: So, what are you gonna do? Rachel: Well, I took it. Ross: That's great! So you're staying in New York! Both: YAY! WHOO! YAY! Ross: You're excited, right? Rachel: (hesitant) Ye-ah. Yeah! You know, the money's great.    It's certainly the easier choice... Ross: Right! Rachel: Yeah, you know, was I looking forward to going to    Paris? Sure. You know, was I excited about working in the fashion capital    of the world? Ooh, absolutely... Oh...! Yeah, but you know, this is... it's    fine. I'm fine going back to a job where I've pretty much gotten everything out of    that I possibly can... (she sits down, and Ross who is stunned to hear all this    follows her example) Ross: Uhm, I hadn't no you... I had no idea you were so excited about Paris.    Uhm, I mean, you said you were scared. Rachel: Well yeah, but I mean, it was good scared though, you know? Like when    I-moved-to-New-York scared. Or uhm, when I-found-out-I-was-gonna-have-Emma scared...    But this is... fine. This is gonna be good. (they both stare around) Ross: (after a long pause) You should go. Rachel: What? Ross: It's what you want. You should go. Rachel: You really think so? Ross: I really do. Rachel: But I already told Zelner that I would come back... Ross: (picks up a skull of some carnivore from his side table and puts it in    the same bag in which he brought the pterodactyl egg to Zelner) I'm sure he'll    understand. Rachel: All right. ALL RIGHT! I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna go to Paris. Ross: Yeah... Rachel: Yeah! I'm going to Paris. Thank you, Ross! Ross: Yeah, yeah, oh! (They hug) Rachel: Oh! Oh, I'm so happy. Ross: Then I'm happy too. (They're still hugging - fade out) COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene: Estelle's memorial service. Joey is giving a speech.    Next to him is a blown op photograph of Estelle behind her desk and there's    a man standing next to him.] Joey: Thank you all for coming. We're here today to pay respects    to a wonderful agent and a beautiful woman... (Joey looks at the photograph)    ..inside. As Estelle's only two clients we would like to say a few words. (Joey    looks for his notes. The man next to him is chewing something.) Dude, where's    my speech? (the man swallows something and looks at Joey.) That is    entertaining. Al Zebooker everybody. (he applauds and Al shows that there's    nothing left in his mouth.) THE END   
Chandler: How did the job stuff go?
Chandler: Or facing a bitch of a commute.
Chandler: My boss said I might be getting a new lamp in my cubicle. (Monica    looks at him and can't really place what he just said)
Chandler: Well, it makes me feel sad, but...
Chandler: I see.
Chandler: Is this the best way to use one of your three magic wishes?
Chandler: We close escrow tomorrow, so seeing another house can only confuse    us, and we're easily confused. We're not very bright.
Chandler: What do you think Pheebs?
Chandler: Yeah.
Chandler: You're kidding!
Chandler: Oh yeah? 
Chandler: I know. *He* always wanted to be the first black man to cross the    Atlantic.
Chandler: Unless Snoopy says it to Charlie Brown, I think we're okay. 
Chandler: It feels like we’re cheating on our house.    And if we’re gonna cheat, shouldn’t it be with like a hot, younger house,    that does stuff that our house won’t do?
Chandler: And yet I never run into Beyonce!
Chandler: (at Janice's punching) Don't, don't! (looks disgusted)
Chandler: (To Monica and with bulging eyes) Why!?
Chandler: This can not be happening!
Chandler: The only way that that is going to happen, is if the other couple    are the Hitlers.
Chandler: That is a great idea! And by the way, I don't mean to sound distasteful,    but when did you start crapping money!?
Chandler: Alright alright, we still have three hours till escrow closes on    our house. We can still get out.
Chandler: Will we love it so much with her next door? And she's gonna be louder    out here too. Just the crickets and (apes Janice's voice) "Oh My God"!  
Chandler: (looks afraid, but at the same time, knows she's right) Well, we    have to do something. We can't have her living next door. (Janice's laughs loudly    outside) Oh, that does it too. (Motions with his index finger like Monica did)
Chandler: The Hitlers will be so disappointed.
Chandler: Wait! I just want you to know that... I'm so happy you're going to    be here.
Chandler: Because... that way... we can pick up where we left off.
Chandler: I never stopped loving you.
Chandler: Yeah, yeah, yeah! I want you... I need you... I must have you Janice    Litman Goralnik Neihosenstein.
Chandler: Now that you live next door, we can be together every day. Sid and    Monica never have to know a thing.
Chandler: (stunned) Obviously.
Chandler: Don't say that. Don't tangle the dream and take it away.
Chandler: I understand.
Chandler: (speaking as in pain) They're never coming down now.
