Phoebe: Wait, does he eat chalk?
Phoebe: Just, 'cause, I don't want her to go through what I went through with Carl- oh!
Phoebe: No.
Phoebe: Ooh! Oh! (She starts to pluck at the air just in front of Ross.)
Phoebe: Fine!  Be murky!
Phoebe:  If I let go of my hair, my head will fall off. 
Phoebe: (sings) Raindrops on roses and rabbits and kittens, (Rachel and Monica turn to look at her.) bluebells and sleighbells and- something with mittens... La la la la...something and noodles with string.  These are a few...
Phoebe: (grins and walks to the kitchen and says to Chandler and Joey.) I helped!
Phoebe: What does that mean?   Does he sell it, drink it, or just complain a lot? (Chandler doesn't know.)
Phoebe: Ooh, I just pulled out four eyelashes. That can't be good.
Phoebe: Oh, I wish I could, but I don't want to.
Phoebe: (singing) Love is sweet as summer showers, love is a wondrous work of art, but your love oh your love, your love...is like a giant pigeon...crapping on my heart.  La-la-la-la-la- (some guy gives her some change and to that guy) Thank you. (sings) La-la-la-la...ohhh!
Phoebe: Oh no, don't hate, you don't want to put that out into the universe.
Phoebe: All right, c'mere, gimme your feet. (She starts massaging them.) 
Phoebe: Give her a break, it's hard being on your own for the first time. 
Phoebe: You're welcome. I remember when I first came to this city. I was fourteen. My mom had just killed herself and my step-dad was back in prison, and I got here, and I didn't know anybody. And I ended up living with this albino guy who was, like, cleaning windshields outside port authority, and then he killed himself, and then I found aromatherapy. So believe me, I know exactly how you feel. 
Phoebe: (sings) I can't believe what I'm hearing here... 
Phoebe: (sings) What I said you had... 
Phoebe: Oh, was I doing it again?
Phoebe: Oh, yeah! 
Phoebe:...Then I've already seen this one! (Turns off the TV.) 
Phoebe: She's already fluffed that pillow... Monica, you know, you've already fluffed that- (Monica glares at her.) -but, it's fine! 
Phoebe: Monica- Hi! Um, Monica, you're scaring me. I mean, you're like, you're like all chaotic and twirly. And not-not in a good way. 
Phoebe: Yeah, it's beautiful. 
Phoebe: No, look, don't touch that! 
Phoebe: Doy! Probably right before she lost it! 
Phoebe: (while everyone else is stunned) Ooh! I found it! 
Phoebe: She is so great! I miss her. 
Phoebe: Y'know, it's even worse when you're twins. 
Phoebe: Yeah. We don't speak. She's like this high-powered, driven career type. 
Phoebe: She's a waitress. 
Phoebe: You know, if you tilt your head to the left, and relax your eyes, it kinda looks like an old potato. 
Phoebe: Okay! 
Phoebe: (entering) Hi guys! 
Phoebe: Um, not so good. He walked me to the subway and said 'We should do this again!' 
Phoebe: Or, or, y'know, um, 'I think we should see other people' means 'Ha, ha, I already am'. 
Phoebe: Yeah- no- I'm just- it's, I haven't worked- It's my bank. 
Phoebe: It's nothing, it's just- Okay. I'm going through my mail, and I open up their monthly, you know, STATEMENT- 
Phoebe: - and there's five hundred extra dollars in my account. 
Phoebe: Yes, 'cause now I have to go down there, and deal with them. 
Phoebe: It's not mine, I didn't earn it, if I kept it, it would be like stealing. 
Phoebe: Okay. Okay, let's say I bought a really great pair of shoes. Do you know what I'd hear, with every step I took? 'Not-mine. Not-mine. Not-mine.' And even if I was happy, okay, and, and skipping- 'Not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine'... 
Phoebe: Okay. I'd- just- I'd never be able to enjoy it. It would be like this giant karmic debt. 
Phoebe: Oh, I can't believe you! You've been so good, for three years! 
Phoebe: Oh, no! I- I can't drink this now! 
Phoebe: 'Dear Ms. Buffay. Thank you for calling attention to our error. We have credited your account with five hundred dollars. We're sorry for the inconvenience, and hope you'll accept this- (Searches in her purse) -football phone as our free gift.' Do you believe this?! Now I have a thousand dollars, and a football phone! 
Phoebe: Yes, yes! Like the man in the shoe! 
Phoebe: From the nursery rhyme. 'There was a crooked man, Who had a crooked smile, Who lived in a shoe, For a... while...' 
Phoebe: Hey, Lizzie. 
Phoebe: I brought you alphabet soup. 
Phoebe: Yes. But I left in the Ys. 'Cause, y'know, "sometimes y". Uh, I also have something else for you. (She searches in her purse.) 
Phoebe: No, but would you like a thousand dollars and a football phone? 
Phoebe: I know. 
Phoebe: No, I want you to have it. I don't want it. 
Phoebe: Oh, that's fine, no. 
Phoebe: No. 'Cause you need that. No, it's okay, thanks. 
Phoebe: Okay, alright, you buy me a soda, and then we're even. Okay? 
Phoebe: Okay. 
Phoebe: No, I'm fine. 
Phoebe: Huh! 
Phoebe: I know! I know, I opened it up and there it was, just floating in there, like this tiny little hitch-hiker! 
Phoebe: Does, um, anyone wanna see? 
Phoebe: Yeah, 'cause otherwise someone might get what they actually ordered. 
Phoebe: Does anyone want the rest of this Pop-Tart? 
Phoebe: Sorry. ..Y'know, those stupid soda people gave me seven thousand dollars for the thumb. 
Phoebe: And on my way over here, I stepped in gum. ...What is up with the universe?! 
Phoebe: Wait, wait, I'm getting a deja vu...no, I'm not. 
Phoebe: There it is! 
Phoebe: You know.. you let your guard down, you start to really care about someone, and I just- I- (starts chewing her hair) 
Phoebe: Did he mention us? 
Phoebe: (shouting as he leaves) If you never smoke again I'll give you seven thousand dollars! 
Phoebe: Okay, okay. If I were omnipotent for a day, I would want, um, world peace, no more hunger, good things for the rain-forest...And bigger boobs! 
Phoebe: (waking and startling them) Oh! What what what! ...Hi. 
Phoebe: I got no sleep last night! 
Phoebe: My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So they're constantly, like, having to reassure each other that they're having a good time. You have no idea how loud they are! 
Phoebe: Thanks. 
Phoebe: I remember the day I got my first pay check. There was a cave in in one of the mines, and eight people were killed. 
Phoebe: I worked in a Dairy Queen, why? 
Phoebe: (to Monica) Look, look, I have elbows! (They scream.)
Phoebe: Ooh! Ooh! And I brought Operation! But, um, I lost the tweezers, so we can't operate. But we can prep the guy! 
Phoebe: You are just like Jack. 
Phoebe: No, Jack and the Beanstalk. 
Phoebe: Yeah, right! See, he gave up something, but then he got those magic beans. And then he woke up, and there was this, this big plant outside his window, full of possibilities and stuff.. And he lived in a village, and you live in the Village.. 
Phoebe: Oh, see, Jack did love the cow. 
Phoebe: Floopy? 
Phoebe: Oh, like that's a word. 
Phoebe: Oh, well... 'cause.... you just... I don't like this question. 
Phoebe: What? 
Phoebe: I don't even have a 'pl'. 
Phoebe: And-and a power tie? 
Phoebe: Big Bird's friend. 
Phoebe: Oh, I wanna see! Lemme see! Lemme see! (She runs up and takes the binoculars.) 
Phoebe: Ooh, wait.. wait, I see a woman. 
Phoebe: Definitely not his mother. 
Phoebe: Oh, wait, she's walking across the floor.. she's walking.. she's walking.. she's going for the pizza- (Yelling) Hey, that's not for you, bitch! (Phoebe covers her mouth with her hand walks away from the window.) 
Monica and Phoebe: Shut up! 
Phoebe: Yeah? 
Phoebe: Uh-huh. 
Phoebe: Oh! Oh! Oh! Okay, fine, fine. Now I don't feel so bad about sleeping with Jason Hurley. 
Phoebe: You'd already broken up. 
Phoebe: A couple hours. 
Phoebe: There he is! There he is! 
Phoebe: Right- where we've been looking all night! 
Phoebe: Oh, ok, you know what I don't get? The way guys can do so many mean things, and then not even care.
Phoebe: You know, if you want, I'll do it with you.
Phoebe: No, I mean you break up with Janice and I'll break up with Tony. 
Phoebe: Yeah, I know, he's sweet, but it's just not fun anymore, you know? I don't know if it's me, or his hunger strike, or, I don't know.
Phoebe: (to Rachel) What's the matter? Why so scrunchy?
Phoebe: (rhythmically) Uh-huh, uh-huh.
Phoebe: Are you gonna go over there?
Phoebe: This is nice. We never do anything just the two of us.
Phoebe: Eww, I don't wanna do that.
Phoebe: Ok, have a good break-up.
Phoebe: Yeah, it was really hard.
Phoebe: Ok, you weren't there.
Phoebe: Ok, you can do this. It's just like pulling off a Band-aid. Just do it really fast, and then the wound is exposed.
Phoebe: Oh my god. (Chandler downs another espresso.) How many of those have you had?
Phoebe: Chandler, easy, easy. Go to your happy place. La la la la la la la.
Phoebe: All right. 
Phoebe: Wait here. Breathe.
Phoebe: It's like a gift.
Phoebe: Oh, I'd like that.
Phoebe: (seeing Rachel's clothes) What a neat idea. All your clothes match. I'm gonna do this.
Phoebe: Hey, how'd it go?
Phoebe: Oh, he needed some time to grieve.
Phoebe: That oughta do it.
Phoebe: The exclamation point in the title scares me. (Gesturing) Y'know, it's not just Freud, it's Freud!
Phoebe: Oh, oh, but y'know, you always see these really beautiful women with these really nothing guys, you could be one of those guys.
Phoebe: Based on this play? ...Based on this play!
Phoebe: (reading Monica's palm) No, 'cause this line is passion, and this is... just a line.
Phoebe: Oh, yeah. That is not true. Ross, is this your fantasy?
Phoebe: (to Rachel) I can't believe you tried to move the green ottoman.
Phoebe: Yeah, you are, Monica. Remember when I lived with you? You were like, a little, y'know, (psycho) Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree!
Phoebe: Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree!
Phoebe: Seriously, what-what's the part?
Phoebe: No, I don't think this was your shot. I mean, I don't even think you just get one shot. I really believe big things are gonna happen for you, I do! You've gotta just keep thinking about the day that some kid is gonna run up to his friends and go 'I got the part! I got the part! I'm gonna be Joey Tribbiani's ass!'.
Phoebe: Hi. Um, I want to start with a song thats about that moment when you suddenly realize what life is all about. OK, here we go. (plays a chord, then the lights go out) OK, thank you very much.
Phoebe: Can I borrow the phone? I want to call my apartment and check on my grandma. (to Monica) What's my number? 
Phoebe: Well, I never call me.
Phoebe: (at window) Eww, look. Ugly Naked Guy lit a bunch of candles.
Phoebe: Oh... Milwaukee.
Phoebe: Oh, Rachel.
Phoebe: (singing) New York City has no power, and the milk is getting sour. But to me it is not scary, 'cause I stay away from dairy.... la la la, la la, la la... (she writes the lyrics down)
Phoebe: About what?
Phoebe: What surprise party?
Phoebe: Well, he didn't tell me.
Phoebe: This is so typical. I'm always the last one to know everything.
Phoebe: Yuh-huh! I was the last one to know when Chandler got bitten by the peacock at the zoo. I was the last one to know when you had a crush on Joey when he was moving in. (Monica gestures at Phoebe to shut up; Joey looks surprised but pleased) Looks like I was second to last.
Monica, Joey, and Phoebe: (singing) I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find, is the wonders I've found ever since...
Phoebe: Oh, poor little Tooty is scared to death. We should find his owner.
Phoebe: (stops at a door) Oh no, the Mendels, they hate all living things, right?
Phoebe: (trying to hold back the struggling cat) He seems to hate you. Are you sure?
Phoebe: Wait a minute. What's his name?
Phoebe: (the cat runs away from her) Oooh! You are a very bad man!
Phoebe: Alright. I looked all over the building and I couldn't find the kitty anywhere.
Phoebe: Ah! Well! There you go! Last to know again! And I'm guessing... since nobody told me... this is Paolo.
Phoebe: (smiling) You betcha!
Phoebe: I know, I just want to bite his bottom lip. (Rachel looks at her) But I won't.
Phoebe: You know, did you ride mopeds? 'Cause I've heard... (they stare at her)... oh, I see... it's not about that right now. OK.
Phoebe: Oh, look look look. The last candle's about to burn out. 10, 9, 8, 7... (time lapse)... negative 46, negative 47, negative 48.... (someone blows it out, the room gets completely dark)
Phoebe: Thanks.
Phoebe: Yeah, I think so, yeah.
Phoebe: I dunno, 'cause you're smart, you're funny...
Phoebe: Yeah, you have homosexual hair.
Phoebe: Oh, that sucks!
Phoebe: Maybe that's 'cause she's not really gone.
Phoebe: Hm, I mean maybe no-one ever really goes. Ever since my mom died, every now and then, I get the feeling that she's like right here, y'know? (She circles her hand around her right shoulder. Chandler, sitting on her right, draws back nervously) Oh! And Debbie, my best friend from junior high- got struck by lightning on a miniature golf course- I always get this really strong Debbie vibe whenever I use one of those little yellow pencils, y'know? ...I miss her.
Phoebe: Thanks!
Phoebe: Y'know, I dunno who this is, but it's not Debbie. (Hands back the pencil)
Phoebe: (entering) Hi, sorry I'm late, I couldn't find my bearings.
Phoebe: What'd I say?
Phoebe: God, what a great day. ...What? Weather-wise!
Phoebe: Okay, don't worry, I'm just checking to see if the muscle's in spasm...huh.
Phoebe: You missed a belt loop. 
Phoebe: Okay, it's in spasm.
Phoebe: Hey, look who's up! How do you feel?
Phoebe: Ooh! That's so nice...
Phoebe: Hey.
Phoebe: What were you modeling for?
Phoebe: You know, the asthma guy was really cute.
Phoebe: Yes, and her boyfriend. But we're celebrating Thanksgiving in December 'cause he is lunar.
Phoebe: Yeah. Oh, can I come?
Phoebe: Ooh, ooh! Why don't we invite her?
Phoebe: Oh, I believe it. I think the baby can totally hear everything. I can show you. Look, this will seem a little weird, but you put your head inside this turkey, and then we'll all talk, and you'll hear everything we say.
Phoebe: No, we were just laughing. You know, how laughter can be infectious.
Phoebe: Look out, incoming pumpkin pie!
Phoebe: (stirring pot) Ok, all done.
Phoebe: Oh, I'm sorry, oh, I just, I thought we could have them whipped and then add some peas and onions.
Phoebe: Well, 'cause then they'd be like my mom used to make them, you know, before she died.
Phoebe: Almost never.
Phoebe: Yeah, but did they have to shoot him down? I mean, that was just mean.
Phoebe: Ooh, ok, that's it. Enough with the keys. No one say keys.
Phoebe: Ooh. 
Phoebe: Ugly Naked Guy's taking his turkey out of the oven. Oh my god. He's not alone. Ugly Naked Guy's having Thanksgiving dinner with Ugly Naked Gal.
Phoebe: It's nice that he has someone.
Phoebe: Ooh, you guys have to make a wish.
Phoebe: Come on, you know, Thanksgiving. Ooh, you got the bigger half. What'd you wish for?
Phoebe: That is so cruel! Why? Why would a parent name their child Bethel?
Phoebe: So you guys, I'm doing all new material tonight. I have twelve new songs about my mother's suicide, and one about a snowman.
Phoebe: Yeah, you wish!
Phoebe: Oh, oh, good.
Phoebe: (Takes mike) Thanks, hi. Um, I wanna start with a song that means a lot to me this time of year. (Shakes bell as an introduction) (Sung:) 
Phoebe: (Sung) 
Phoebe: (Sung) 
Phoebe: Well, c'mon, if it's important enough to discuss while I'm playing, then I assume it's important enough for everyone else to hear!
Phoebe: Could you speak up please?
Phoebe: Okay, we're gonna take a short break. (Goes over to their table)
Phoebe: David's like, y'know, Scientist Guy. He's very methodical.
Phoebe: Me too! Oh! Did you ever see An Officer and a Gentleman?
Phoebe: Well, he's kinda like the guy I went to see that with. Except, except he-he's smarter, and gentler, and sweeter... I just- I just wanna be with him all the time. Day and night, and night and day... and special occasions... 
Phoebe: No, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, could I just?
Phoebe: Okay, alright, I have a question, then. 
Phoebe: Um, were you planning on kissing me ever?
Phoebe: Sure.
Phoebe: Oh, David, I, I think you are a sweeping sorta fella. I mean, you're a sweeper! ...trapped inside a physicist's body.
Phoebe: Oh, yeah, oh, I'm sure of it. You should just do it, just sweep and throw me. 
Phoebe: Oh yeah, right now.
Phoebe: Okay, now you're just kinda tidying. 
Phoebe: I can hop. (She hops onto the table)
Phoebe: Oh, hi Max! Hey, do you know everybody?
Phoebe: No, no, he hasn't been around.
Phoebe: Minsk?
Phoebe: I know where Minsk is.
Phoebe: So when, when do you leave?
Phoebe: Hello?
Phoebe: Hi.
Phoebe: Um, well, Max told me about Minsk, so (Puts on a fake cheery voice) congratulations! This is so exciting!
Phoebe: Oh, you're not going? (Fake disappointed voice) Oh, why?
Phoebe: So-so you're really not going?
Phoebe: Oh don't do that.
Phoebe: Oh no no.
Phoebe: Oh, but I can't do that-
Phoebe: It's your thing, and-
Phoebe: Okay, um, stay.
Phoebe: Stay.
Phoebe: Getting so good at that! (She hops on)
Phoebe: And then... your face is bloated?
Phoebe: Hi, Max!
Phoebe: Are you alright?
Phoebe: You're going to Minsk.
Phoebe: Oh, you are so going to Minsk. You belong in Minsk. You can't stay here just 'cause of me.
Phoebe: Oh yes, yes, yes you can. Just say, um, 'Phoebe, my work is my life and that's what I have to do right now'. And I say 'your work?! Your work?! How can you say that?!'. And then you say, um, 'it's tearing me apart, but I have no choice. Can't you understand that?'. And I say (Hits him) 'no! No! I can't understand that!'.
Phoebe: Ooh, sorry. Um, and, and then you put your arms around me. And then you put your arms around me. (He does so) And, um, and then you tell me that you love me and you'll never forget me.
Phoebe: And then you say that it's almost midnight and you have to go because you don't wanna start the new year with me if you can't finish it. (They kiss) I'm gonna miss you. You scientist guy.
Phoebe: Everybody looks so happy. I hate that.
Phoebe: I dunno. I don't feel like kissing anyone tonight.
Phoebe: Do you think they have yesterday's daily news?
Phoebe: Just wanna check my horoscope, see if it was right.
Phoebe: Where? (Turns to face him) Ooh, come to Momma.
Monica and Phoebe: (in unison) Thanks.
Phoebe: We should do something. Whistle.
Phoebe: Come on, do it.
Phoebe: Do it!
Phoebe: Do it do it do it!
Phoebe: I can't believe you did that!
Phoebe: I just wish there was something we could do. (Bends down and talks to him) Hello. Hello, Coma Guy. GET UP, YOU GIRL SCOUT! UP! UP! UP!
Phoebe: Maybe nobody's tried this.
Phoebe: Yeah, but did you see the dents in his knuckles? That means he's artistic.
Phoebe: Oh! And, he's the kinda guy who, when you're talking, he's listening, y'know, and not saying 'Yeah, I understand' but really wondering what you look like naked.
Phoebe: I know.
Phoebe: Yeah, we-we feel kinda responsible.
Phoebe: Hey hey hey! She's on!
Phoebe: Your mom was arrested?
Phoebe: What about Glen? He could be a Glen. 
Phoebe: Ooh! How about Agamemnon?
Phoebe: I'm in.
Phoebe: Hi.
Phoebe: Nothing, I just thought I'd stop by.. y'know, after the uh... that I.. y'know, so what are you doing here?
Phoebe: No. (Monica brushes Coma Guy's hair in the other direction) No! No! ...So, um, do you think he's doing any better than he was this morning?
Phoebe: Really? Not even to, um, change his PAJAMAS?! (Whips back the sheet to reveal him wearing new pajamas.)
Phoebe: (Walks up with her guitar) Hey Rach.
Phoebe: Hello.
Phoebe: Going to the hospital tonight?
Phoebe: No, you?
Phoebe: Okay, maybe it was a trick question. (Plays a few chords) Um, Rachel can we do this now?
Phoebe: Thanks. Hi, um, 'kay. I'd like to start with a song that's about a man that I recently met, who's, um, come to be very important to me. (Monica gives her a look) 'Kay. (Sung:) 
Phoebe: Alright, whadyou do with him?
Phoebe: Look at you! How, how do you feel?
Phoebe: I'm Phoebe Buffay.
Phoebe: Well, we both have.
Phoebe: Well, actually it's just from me.
Phoebe: You know who shaved you? That was me.
Phoebe: I sang. (To Monica) Hah!
Phoebe: You're welcome.
Phoebe: What, that's it? 
Phoebe: I don't think you mean that.
Phoebe: Y'know what? We thought you were different. But I guess it was just the coma.
Phoebe: Ooh, this is cool...it says in some parts of the world, people actually eat the placenta. (Joey grimaces)
Phoebe: (softly) Sorry. (Camera pans back to Monica, still on phone)
Phoebe: Woo-hoo, first weekend away together!
Phoebe: Ok, thanks. (assistant leaves, then walks back in)
Phoebe: Oh, Paolo, hi, what are you doing here?
Phoebe: Well, Racquela's right, yeah!
Phoebe: Oh, okay, I don't know what you just said, so let's get started.
Phoebe: Um, that's really your decision, I mean, some people prefer, you know, to take off...oh whoops! You're being naked!
Phoebe: Fine!
Phoebe: Nothing, I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm out of sorts.
Phoebe: All right, you know Paolo?
Phoebe: Well, he made a move on me.
Phoebe: Well, he came in for a massage, and everything was fine until. (A flashback starts Paolo, lying on massage table, moving his hands up Phoebe's legs.)
Phoebe: Oh yeah, I'm sure. (Flashback resumes with Phoebe doing a voiceover.) And all of a sudden his hands weren't the problem anymore. (Flashback continues: Paolo rolls over, Phoebe looks down, then quickly looks up, bites lip, shakes her head)
Phoebe: Oh, boy scouts could have camped under there.
Phoebe: Uma Thurman.
Phoebe: She is gonna hate me.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Are you moving out?
Phoebe: Um, um, Rachel can we talk for a sec?
Phoebe: Oh! (sits down) Ok, um, ok, um, 
Phoebe: Ok, um, (clears throat) we haven't known each other for that long a time, and, um, there are three things that you should know about me. One, my friends are the most important thing in my life, two, I never lie, and three, I make the best oatmeal raisin cookies in the world. (Phoebe opens a tin and offers Rachel a cookie)
Phoebe: Oh, I don't make them a lot because I don't think it's fair to the other cookies
Phoebe: Which proves that I never lie.
Phoebe: Paolo made a pass at me.
Phoebe: Are you okay?
Phoebe: Ok, I've got milk (takes thermos from her bag and starts to pour a cup) Here you go... (Rachel drinks straight from thermos) Oh!(Rachel finishes thermos) Better?
Phoebe: I'm so embarrassed, I'm the one he hit on!
Rachel and Phoebe: I'm so sorry! No I'm sorry! No I'm sorry! No I'm sorry! 
Phoebe: No, wait, oh, what are we sorry about?
Phoebe: Such a pig!
Phoebe: Oh he's like a...
Phoebe: ...like a...
Phoebe: Yes, good! Ok...
Phoebe: (raises hand) Oh! I know! (Rachel startled) It's because... he's gorgeous, and he's charming, and when he looks at you...
Phoebe: The end.
Phoebe: Should I not have told you?
Phoebe: I think she took it pretty well. You know Paolo's over there right now, so...
Phoebe: Ooh!
Phoebe: Oh, ok bye-bye.
Phoebe: Oh, just look at her... (girls move toward Rachel on the balcony)
Phoebe: You ok?
Phoebe: Yep!
Phoebe: Oh, honey, honey, tell them the story about your patient who thinks things are, like, other things. Y'know? Like, the phone rings and she takes a shower.
Phoebe: Oops!
Phoebe: Thanks. Okay, now go away so we can talk about you.
Phoebe: Isn't he great?
Phoebe: I know, I know. So sweet... and so complicated. And for a shrink, he's not too shrinky, y'know?
Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know. I think that's a little weird, y'know? Vinyl.
Phoebe: Yeah, 'cause hello, these are not her boobies, these are her breasts.
Phoebe: Oh, this is my friend Roger.
Phoebe: (Intercom) It's Phoebe.
Phoebe: Isn't he good?
Phoebe: Oh, okay. Feel better, Rachel, 'kay?
Phoebe: Oh, okay. Listen, thanks for everything, Mon.
Phoebe: Hey. 
Phoebe: Good. Oh oh! Roger's having a dinner thing and he wanted me to invite you guys.
Phoebe: So what's going on?
Phoebe: Uh-huh. Okay. Okay, don't you think, maybe, though, it's just that he's so perceptive that it freaks you out?
Phoebe: Nothing, nothing.
Phoebe: It's, I mean, it's nothing, I'm fine. It's my friends. They-they have a liking problem with you. In that, um, they don't.
Phoebe: But they don't see all the wonderfulness that I see. They don't see all the good stuff and all the sweet stuff. They just think you're a little...
Phoebe: Intense and creepy. 
Phoebe: But I don't. Me, Phoebe.
Phoebe: You're not? See, that's why you're so great! 
Phoebe: (entering) Hey.
Phoebe: Oh, okay, except I broke up with Roger.
Phoebe: Yeah, right.
Phoebe: I don't know, I mean, he's a good person, and he can be really sweet, and in some ways I think he is so right for me, it's just... I hate that guy!
Phoebe: Hey, Joey. What's going on?
Phoebe: 'Cause he was creepy, and mean, and a little frightening... alright, still, it's nice to have a date on Valentine's Day!
Phoebe: I know I am. That's why I can't wear a digital watch.
Phoebe: Oh! You know my friend Abby who shaves her head? She said that if you want to break the bad boyfriend cycle, you can do like a cleansing ritual.
Phoebe: Yeah. So, we can do it tomorrow night, you guys. It's Valentine's Day. It's perfect.
Phoebe: Ok. We can, um, we can burn the stuff they gave us.
Phoebe: Or...or we can chant and dance around naked, you know, with sticks.
Phoebe: Ok, so now we need, um sage branches and the sacramental wine.
Phoebe: Um, that's ok! (throws it in fire) Ok. All right. Now we need the semen of a righteous man.
Phoebe: Ok, yeah, ok. (she throws the directions in) Oh, OK.
Phoebe: Ok, and I have the, uh receipt for my dinner with Nokululu Oon Ah Ah.
Rachel and Phoebe: Eww!
Phoebe: See, there you go, the cleansing works!
Phoebe: Hey you guys! Chandler's coming and he says he has, like, this incredible news, so when he gets here, we could all act like, you know...
Phoebe: Never mind. But it was going to be really good.
Phoebe: So was it a lot more money?
Phoebe: Oooh! I have something you can do! I have this new massage client... Steve? (pause) Anyway, he's opening up a restaurant and he's looking for a head chef.
Phoebe: Hi! (turns back to Chandler, then to Monica) Oh, yeah, no, I know. You're a chef. I know, and I thought of you first, but um, Chandler's the one who needs a job right now, so....
Phoebe: (to Monica's tapping) Yeah, yeah! 
Phoebe: Well, he wants to do some ecclectic, so he's looking for someone who can, you know, create the entire menu.
Phoebe: Yeah, I know! (turns to Chandler) So, what do you think?
Phoebe: OK. (pause) Oh Monica! Guess what!
Phoebe: Where are you going, Mr. Suity-Man?
Phoebe: Ooh! Brian's Song!
Phoebe: (as though Rachel wasn't paying attention) Yummy noises.
Phoebe: Ooh! I know what you could make! (runs over to join Monica and Rachel in the kitchen) I know! Oh, you should definitely make that thing... you know, with the stuff? (Monica doesn't know.) You know, that thing... with the stuff...? OK, I don't know. (sits down)
Phoebe: Oh, is this the bug lady?
Phoebe: That's so great! 'Cause you already know how to do that!
Phoebe: Ten dollars an hour for what?
Phoebe: (excited) Wow! It's huge! It's so much bigger than the cubicle. Oh, this is a cube.
Phoebe: Oh! You have a window!
Phoebe: Oh look! That guy's peeing!
Phoebe: (sitting) OK.
Phoebe: (overemphasizing) Mmmmmm! Everything smells so delicious! You know, I can't remember a time I smelt such a delicious combination of (Monica signals her to stop) of, OK, smells.
Phoebe: (whispers) In the cab, on the way over, Steve blazed up a doobie.
Phoebe: Smoked a joint? You know, lit a bone? Weed? Hemp? Ganja?
Phoebe: Yeah! You know all those yummy noises? I wasn't faking.
Phoebe: You guys wanna try and catch a late movie or something?
Phoebe: How's this? (presses down hard)
Phoebe: Sorry. How about over here? (presses down hard again)
Phoebe: See, that just means it's working. Does this hurt? (presses down elsewhere)
Phoebe: What about this? (she starts using her elbows on his back, he yells in pain)
Phoebe: There you go! (She continues to work him over with her elbows and he continues to yell in pain.)
Phoebe: (as Ursula) Hey.
Phoebe: (as Ursula) Listen, um...
Phoebe: (as Ursula) I'm sorry.
Phoebe: (as Ursula): Yeah, um... (nervously clears her throat) You know you, you should just forget about what I said under the bridge, I was talkin' crazy that night, I was so drunk!
Phoebe: (as Ursula) That's right, I don't... But I was, I was drunk on you!
Phoebe: (as Ursula) Okay, yeah, so it's not gonna work.
Phoebe: (as Ursula) If it was, would you stop hanging out with her?
Phoebe: (as Ursula) Um, then yes, it's 'cause of Phoebe! So, you know, it's either her or me.
Phoebe: (as Ursula) You know... (unconsciously putting a hand on his knee) You're gonna be really, really hard to get over.
Phoebe: (reading): Dear Ms. Green, thank you for your inquiry, however... oh... (crumples up letter)
Phoebe: Wow!
Phoebe: (reading): Your Visa bill is huge!
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: Yeah, what is that? Like, some kind of guy thing? Like, some kind of sexist guy thing? Like it's poker, so only guys can play?
Phoebe: Oh, OK, so then what is it? Some kind of... you know, like, like... some kind of, y'know, like... alright, what is it?
Phoebe: Congratulations!
Phoebe: OK, I just need two... the, um, ten of spades and the six of clubs.
Phoebe: But... I'm ready, so, just deal.
Phoebe: (to Joey): Oh I see, so then, you were lying.
Phoebe: About how good your cards were.
Phoebe: A-ha! And... what is bluffing? Is it not another word for... lying?
Phoebe: OK, Monica? I had another answer all ready.
Phoebe: Ha. Ha, ha.
Phoebe: Oh, hello, kettle? This is Monica. You're black.
Phoebe: Oh, it's like the mother ship is calling you home.
Phoebe: Thank y... (thinks about it)
Phoebe: Ross, could we please, please, please listen to anything else?
Phoebe: Alright, here's my $7.50. (Hands them the money) But I think you should know that this money is cursed.
Phoebe: Oh, I cursed it. So now bad things will happen to he who spends it.
Phoebe: (holding a card and waving it in front of her face) Hey you guys, look, the one-eyed jack follows me wherever I go. (they look at her) Right, OK, serious poker.
Phoebe: (looks at her cards) Yes! (everyone looks at her) .... or no.
Phoebe: You guys, you know what I just realized? 'Joker' is 'poker' with a 'J.' Coincidence?
Phoebe: Yeah. Um... I'm out. (throws in cards)
Phoebe: Monica, in or out?
Phoebe: OK Joey, your bet.
Phoebe: Ross?
Phoebe: Chandler?
Phoebe: Me too. Rachel.
Phoebe: Plus that shirt doesn't really match those pants.
Phoebe: Y'know, there's gonna be lots of other stuff.
Phoebe: I'm in.
Phoebe: ...teen! (throws in a ten-dollar bill)
Phoebe: That's a bird?
Phoebe: That's a bird!
Phoebe: So good!
Phoebe: I-I'm sorry it wasn't one of those movies with, like, y'know, guns and bombs and, like, buses going really fast...
Monica and Phoebe: Hugh! Hugh Grant!
Phoebe: (Entering) Hey. 
Phoebe: Whoah, ooh, why is the air in here so negative?
Phoebe: Oh no, how?
Phoebe: Which one?
Phoebe: No, which one? The right or left? 'Cause the left one is lucky...
Phoebe: Why would you leave your Belgian waffle in the hall?
Phoebe: Okay, thank you, Mr. Heckles. (They move off)
Phoebe: Oh, is that who the monkey's named after?
Phoebe: Oh my God. You'd put that poor little creature in jail?
Phoebe: Yes, but there isn't always time!
Phoebe: Dun-dun-duuuur! Sorry.
Phoebe: Marcel?
Phoebe: Marcel?
Phoebe: Oh-my-God!
Phoebe: Something just brushed up against my right leg!
Phoebe: Oh, it's okay, it was just my left leg.
Phoebe: Yeah! Oh, c'mere, Marcel! Oh, Marcel, c'mere!
Phoebe: Yeah, think so. Oh! (She notices the tranquiliser dart has hit her in the butt and removes it) Huh. (Sways back) Whoah.
Phoebe: Oh, this is so intense. One side of my butt is totally asleep, and the other side has no idea.
Phoebe: Nope.
Phoebe: Oh. Oooh! Ooh! Ooh! (She stands up and starts to dance around) Ooh! My butt cheek is waking up! Oooh! Ooh!
Phoebe: How can people do that?... (All but Phoebe walk away from the window in disgust.) Oh, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy got gravity boots!
Phoebe: Oh, God, just do it! (Grabbing the phone.) Call her! Stop being so testosteroney!
Phoebe: So, uh, why didn't you say anything?
Phoebe: Okay, they're just talking...
Phoebe: No, no actually, he's smiling.. and... Oh my God, don't do that!!
Phoebe: That man across the street just kicked that pigeon! (Rachel enters.) Oh!
Phoebe: Not a good day for birds...
Phoebe: Oh my God! (Walks to the window) Go away! (Gesturing.) Stop looking in here!
Phoebe: You cook naked?
Phoebe: Y'know, if you want, you can call her machine, and if she has a lot of beeps, that means she probably didn't get her messages yet.
Phoebe: How many beeps?
Phoebe: How'd he take it?
Phoebe: Sex in his chair.
Phoebe: Where are you going?
Phoebe: Radiator.
Phoebe: Rdtor.
Phoebe: You know he's gay?
Phoebe: Whoo-hoo!
Phoebe: Oh! The yuk! Ross, he's doing it again! (Points to a lamp which is shaking behind the sofa)
Phoebe: Hey.
Phoebe: What are you doing?
Phoebe: This is madness. It's madness, I tell you, for the love of God, Monica, don't do it!! ...Thank you.
Phoebe: Lotsa things.
Phoebe: I think she means (Imitates) 'You dance
Phoebe: (Dancing in a swirly, Phoebe kind of way) I'm totally getting it!
Phoebe: Okay. And, my, dead, mother, says, you, are, it. I'm with Rachel.
Phoebe: Hey. We found her, we found the girl.
Phoebe: Popes in a Volkswagen! ...I love that joke.
Phoebe: I'd say that chair's taking the brunt.
Phoebe: ...Flame Boy.
Phoebe: Okay. Good-bye, little monkey guy. Alright, I wrote you this poem. Okay, but don't eat it 'till you get on the plane.
Phoebe: Oh!
Phoebe: Tell him, tell him.
Phoebe: Doing it on this table. (points at the table)
Phoebe: (points at Joey's pen) Uh, uh, gimme. Can you see me operating a drill press?
Phoebe: Just for some short-term-work. You know, until I get back some of my massage clients.
Phoebe: No, nothing like that. I was just...such a dummie. I taught this "massage-yourself-at-home-workshop." And they are.
Phoebe: What... I could, I could do it. What is it?
Phoebe: I could be a secretary.
Phoebe: I could do that.
Phoebe: Well, maybe 25-26.
Phoebe: There you go.
Phoebe: (plays with a thumbtack remover) Yeah?
Phoebe: Oh. Uh, I'm on. (picks up the phone)
Phoebe: (with a deep voice) Mr. Bing's office. (Listens) No I'm sorry, he's in a meeting right now.
Phoebe: Will he know what this is in reference to? (Listens) And he has your number? (Listens) All right, I'll see that he gets the message. Bye bye.
Phoebe: Ross says hi.
Phoebe: This is so fun. All right, what do we do now?
Phoebe: Most likely. (raises and goes toward the door) Okay, I'm gonna be out there.
Phoebe: All right. Bye bye.
Phoebe: Whatcha doin'?
Phoebe: Oh, exellent. Everyone was so, so nice.
Phoebe: No, I didn't tell anybody that I knew you.
Phoebe: Oh, because, you know... they don't like you.
Phoebe: I thought you knew that.
Phoebe: Everyone. Except for uh... no everyone.
Phoebe: Don't feel bad. You know they used to like you a lot. But then you got promoted, and, you know, now you're like "Mr. Boss Man". You know, Mr. Bing. Mr. Bing, "Boss Man Bing".
Phoebe: Yeah, yeah. They even do you.
Phoebe: You know like... uh okay... uh... 'Could that report be any later?'
Phoebe: That is so sweet, you guys. (hugs them)
Ross, Rachel, and Phoebe: Hey, Mon.
Phoebe: Ooh, oh, I've gotta go. (raises) Whoa, oh, head rush. One more, and then I have to go. (sits down, and then raises again) Cool!
Phoebe: Um, oh, I've got a birthday party, with some work people.
Phoebe: No, I know. That's a part of the whole, you know, them-not-liking-you-extravaganza.
Phoebe: Well, then you should come tonight. You know, just hang out with them. Let them see what a great guy you still are.
Phoebe: I really do, yeah.
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: Oh, but, could we not go together? I,I don't wanna be the geek that invited the boss.
Phoebe: You were great. But they still made fun of you.
Phoebe: You know, now you're more like, you know like, "Mr. Caring Boss," "Mr.", you know, "I'm one of you, Boss," "Mr., I wanna be your buddy, Boss Man Bing!"
Phoebe: Well, you know what Chandler? I think you've gotta face it. You're like, the guy in the big office, you know. You're the one that hires them, that fires them... They still say you're a great boss.
Phoebe: Uh huh. But they're not your friends anymore.
Phoebe: No, but you can't.
Phoebe: Uh uh.
Phoebe: Petrie.
Phoebe: Did I miss it, did I miss it?
Phoebe: I just thought we might be here for awhile. You know, things might get musical.
Phoebe: (singing) 
Phoebe: Thanks, Ross.
Phoebe: Ok.
Phoebe: Oh, look, twins. Hi, guys. Oh, cute, cute.
Phoebe: Hey. Ooh, look at you, dressy-dress.
Phoebe: Hey, hey, ok, all right, that's it! Get in here. Come on. My god, you guys, I don't believe you. There are children coming into the world in this very building and your negative fighting noises are not the first thing they should be hearing. So just stop all the yelling, just stop it!
Phoebe: Don't make me do this again, I don't like my voice like this.
Phoebe: Ok, who wants to hear something ironic?
Phoebe: (singing) They found their bodies the very next day, they found their bodies the very next...(sees Ross and Susan staring at her) la la la la la la.
Phoebe: This is so great.
Phoebe: I mean, well, 'cause when I was growing up, you know my dad left, and my mother died, and my stepfather went to jail, so I barely had enough pieces of parents to make one whole one. And here's this little baby who has like three whole parents who care about it so much that they're fighting over who gets to love it the most. And it's not even born yet. It's just, it's just the luckiest baby in the whole world. (pause) I'm sorry, you were fighting.
Phoebe: (reading the nametag on the uniform) Hi, I'm Ben. I'm hospital worker Ben. It's Ben... to the rescue!
Phoebe: Well, Susan, I see what appears to be a dark vent. Wait. Yes, it is in fact a dark vent.
Phoebe: (from the air vent overhead) You guys, he's beautiful!
Phoebe: Susan, he looks just like you.
Phoebe: Oh, look, look, he's closing his eyes. (screen goes blank) Look, he's opening his eyes. (picture comes back) 
Phoebe: Oh, look, he's closing his eyes again.
Phoebe: Oh, look, he's got Ross's haircut!
Phoebe: Wow, ooh, you're gonna be making money hand over fist!
Phoebe: We've got the ground-up flesh of formerly cute cows and turkeys, ew... (hands meat to Monica)
Monica and Phoebe: Ewww!
Phoebe: So how are things going with you two? Is she becoming your (provocatively) special someone?
Phoebe: Hey.
Phoebe: How long did you think this barbecue was gonna last?
Phoebe: Jeez, you say one thing, and...
Phoebe: Oh, let me see! (takes the picture)
Phoebe: Hi, Ben. I'm your father. I am... the head. Aaaaaahhhh.... (puts picture down, sees Ross staring at her) Alright, this barbecue is gonna be very fun.
Phoebe: Oh, well, see, there's this guy she met at the...
Phoebe: So you do know who he is! (laughs, Ross stares at her) Sorry.
Phoebe: Oh, hey, y'know what? Tell them that bone story.
Phoebe: Oh, it's Dr. Seuss!
Phoebe: Remembered what?
Phoebe: Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.
Phoebe: I know. This is really, really huge.
Phoebe: Nuh-uh. I don't think any of our lives are ever gonna be the same ever again.
Phoebe: Here, look, alright, does this help?
Monica and Phoebe: Sure.
Phoebe: Yeah, but, y'know, it's... it would be like starting on the fifteenth date.
Phoebe: No, I mean, I mean, when you're at the fifteenth date, y'know, you're already in a very relationshippy place. Y'know, it's... you're committed.
Phoebe: Well, I mean, then what happens if it doesn't work out?
Phoebe: Maybe there's someone else.
Phoebe: Ok, so this is pretty much what's happened so far. Ross was in love with Rachel since, you know, forever, but every time he tried to tell her, something kind of got in the way, like cats, and Italian guys. Finally Chandler was like "forget about her" but when Ross was in China on his dig, Chandler let it slip that Ross was in love with Rachel. She was like, "Oh my god." So she went to the airport to meet him when he came back, but what she didn't know was, that Ross was getting off the plane with another woman. Uh-Oh! So, that's pretty much everything you need to know. But, enough about us. So, how've you been?
Phoebe: Oh my god. This is huge. This is bigger than huge. This is like, all right, what's bigger than huge?
Phoebe: Yes.
Phoebe: 'Cause, you know, (in that voice) if you don't look good, we don't look good. I love that voice.
Phoebe: Oh, ok. How, it's been so long since you've had sex, you're wondering if they've changed it?
Phoebe: All right, so what were you thinking?
Phoebe: Ohh! No.
Phoebe: Because, I'm just, I'm incredibly anal and an unbelievable control freak.
Phoebe: I know I'm not, but you are, and I was trying to spare your feelings.
Phoebe: I'm still on "no."
Phoebe: What's goin' on?
Phoebe: Ewww! (Gets up and walks away.)
Phoebe: Where?
Phoebe: (to Paulo) Ok, you're gonna have to not touch my ass.
Phoebe: All right. Ok, but, but!  You have to promise that you will not be all like control-y and bossy and Monica about it.
Phoebe: All right. (Talking to Monica's hair.) Now some of you are gonna get cut, and some of you aren't. But I promise none of you are gonna feel a thing.
Phoebe: All right, that's it, I quit.
Phoebe: Yeah, but this (makes Monica's face) isn't the face of a person who trusts a person. Ok, this (makes Monica's face) is the face of a person who, you know, doesn't trust a person.
Phoebe: Would you relax? I know what I am doing. This is how he wears it.
Phoebe: Demi Moore.
Phoebe: Well, he was a he in Arthur, and in Ten.
Phoebe: Oh.  Oh!
Phoebe: Oh my God!
Phoebe: Oh my God! I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Which one's Demi Moore?
Phoebe: Oh, she's got gorgeous hair.
Phoebe: It's too soon to tell. She's resting, which is a good sign.
Phoebe: I'm not gonna lie to you, Ross, it doesn't look good. I put a clip on one side, which seems to have stopped the curling.
Phoebe: Your hair looks too good, I think it would upset her. Ross, why don't you come on in. 
Phoebe: (to Chandler and Ross) Thank you.
Phoebe: Oh yeah!  Oh, I can do that.
Phoebe: You wanna do it right now?
Phoebe: (to Rachel) Ok, I just wanna be really sure this time. Andie McDowell's the girl from Four Weddings and a Funeral, right?
Phoebe: Oh, yeah. Ok, thank you.
Phoebe: Oh, look at these! Hey, Ben. Just do it. (Ben starts to cry) Oh my God, oh, ok, was that too much pressure for him?
Phoebe: I can't, I have to take my grandmother to the vet.
Phoebe: Monica, she will kill you. She will kill you like a dog in the street.
Phoebe: Woof, woof. 
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: Oh, all right. What did I have?
Phoebe: Oh, no wonder I don't feel full.
Phoebe: I went shopping with Monica all day, and I had a salad.
Phoebe: Um, we went shopping for um, for, fur.
Phoebe: Yes, and then I realized I'm against that, and uh, so then we bought some, (sees Monica pointing at her chest) uh, boobs.
Phoebe: (Monica is yanking on her bra strap) Bras! We bought bras! We bought bras. 
Phoebe: Ben, dinner!
Phoebe: Duh, I think I know how to heat breast milk. Ok. (Squirts some on her wrist and tastes it.)
Phoebe: I licked my arm, what?
Phoebe: So?
Phoebe: You won't even taste it?
Phoebe: Not even if you just pretend that it's milk?
Phoebe: Oh, I tasted Ben's milk, and Ross freaked out.
Phoebe: Come on. It doesn't taste bad.
Phoebe: You guys, um I know that this really doesn't have anything to do with me, but um I love you guys too. (Joins in on the hug.) Oh, I really needed that. (Goes and sits down.)
Phoebe: Wait, wait, wait, wait! (Runs over and joins in on the hug again.)
Phoebe: See, I-I think that one that Elton John wrote for, um, that guy on Who's The Boss.
Phoebe: (singing) Hold me close, young Tony Dan-za.
Phoebe: Hi Monica!
Phoebe: Oh my God, has she slept at all?
Phoebe: Oh, okay that explains it. I got a call at two in the morning, but all I could hear was, like, this high squeaky sound, so I thought okay its like a mouse or a opossum. But then I realized where would a mouse or a opossum get the money to make the phone call.
Phoebe: Ooh. Oh. It looks like, like a tiny little person drowning in your cereal. (Ross gives her this look, like 'Yeah, doesn't it', and gets up to dump it down the drain.)
Phoebe: Maybe, because you told him not to.
Phoebe: Yeah, oh, Princess Leia and the gold bikini, every guy our age loved that.
Phoebe: Um, um. It's huge. Yeah, that's the moment, when-when, you know she stopped being a princess, and became, like, a woman, you know.
Phoebe: Oh, yeah, um-mm. Oh!
Phoebe: No it's just that I got this new pager and I have it on vibrate. See ya!
Phoebe: Rach, look! (she holds two buns up to her ears to make her hair look like the Princess Leia 'do.) Oh, hi! Where is my strong Ross Skywalker to come rescue me. (Ross stands up horrified) There he is.
Phoebe: ( in a soothing voice) Relax every muscle in your body. Listen to the plinky-plunky music. Okay, now close you eyes, and think of a happy place. Okay, tell me your happy place.
Phoebe: All right. No, no, no, not a Richard thing, just put down the glass. And get out!
Phoebe: Well, okay, fine, use my happy place. Okay, I'm just gonna, I have to ask that you don't move anything.
Phoebe: Okay, all right, so, your in a meadow, millions of stars in the sky....
Phoebe: All right, there are no questions in the happy place. Okay, just, the warm breeze, and the moonlight flowing through the trees....
Phoebe: All right, betting and wagering of any kind, are, I'm sure, not permitted in the happy place. Okay. Just-just, you know, the-the lovely waterfalls, and the, the trickling fountains. And the-the calming sounds of the babbling brook....
Phoebe: Monica, do you want us to take you home?
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe: (turns around) Um, that's it. No. Hey! You! J. Crew guy. Yeah. Why have you been following me? I mean, all week long everywhere I look there's you.
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: Oooh. Oh, well this is awkward. 
Phoebe: Um, yeah, you want Ursula, and I'm Phoebe. Twin sisters! Seriously.
Phoebe: Oh, you're not a dingus.
Phoebe: Well, I mean look it's, it's not your fault, you know. I mean this is just what, what she does to guys, okay.
Phoebe: Wait, (grabs him) you know what, I got a little story. When I was in Junior High School I went through this period where I thought I was a witch. And there was this guidance counselor who said something to me, that I think will help you a lot. He said okay, 'you're not a witch you're just an average student.' See what I'm saying?
Phoebe: Um, well, get over it. So, I mean you, you just seem to be a really nice guy, you know. Don't be so hard on yourself okay.
Phoebe: Oh, thanks a lot. Do you want to get a cup of coffee?
Phoebe: Okay. (they start to leave, he is still following her) Okay, you don't have to walk behind me any more.
Phoebe: (entering) Hi!
Phoebe: Hey, oh, you know that guy who's been following me? I talked to him today.
Phoebe: Okay, first I'm not crazy. And second, say it don't spray it. Anyway his name is Malcom, and he wasn't following me, I mean he was, but 'cause he thought I was Ursula, ick. And, that's why, that's why he couldn't just come up and talk to me. 'Cause of the restraining order.
Phoebe: Ooh! No, no, no, no, he's not like a kook, no. He's just like this, this very passionate, incredibly romantic guy, that got like a tinsy bit carried away, you know. And we just get along really well, and he's so cute.
Phoebe: No, I'm just gonna help him, you know, get 'de-Ursula-ized', like you know, like I did for Joey after he went out with her.
Phoebe: Okay, I asked for the news, not the weather.
Phoebe: Oh, great. Great. You're doing great, you know real strong. Going strong. Keep going.
Phoebe: Oh, yeah. What's this? (picks up a book)
Phoebe: Um, not even a little bit.
Phoebe: Oh, okay then.
Phoebe: Good. So what were you thinking?
Phoebe: Really?
Phoebe: Oh.
Phoebe: Oh, okay. (he kisses her)
Phoebe: (entering) Hellooo!
Phoebe: Oh, well he's yummy. We did a little kissin'.
Phoebe: Oh, no, no, no, no. You know what, he's not into that stuff anymore. He quit for me.
Phoebe: Look, he gave me his night vision goggles and everything.
Phoebe: What, he's not still following her. Do you think he is still following her?
Phoebe: What are you saying I should do?
Phoebe: Thank you, Monica.
Phoebe: Yes? Yes! Oh.
Phoebe: Oh, I was just here looking for, um, my um, my part of an old sandwich. Oh, here it is! Oh. (picks one up out of the garbage can.)
Phoebe: Um, perhaps. Yes! Yes, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I was just afraid that you were still hung up on my sister.
Phoebe: Oh well, what do you know, there goes my identical twin sister. Just walkin' along looking like me. What, is this just like a freakish coincidence, or did you know she takes this train?
Phoebe: No, no, it's not your fault. You know it's partly my fault, 'cause I made you quit cold turkey. Sorry, no. Okay, well, I mean, I can't date you anymore, 'cause your, you know (in a high pitched voice) Wow! But um, but I will definitely, definitely help you get over my sister. Okay, stalk me for a while. Huh? Yeah, and, and, and, I'll be like an Ursula patch.
Phoebe: Yeah, just, okay, look I'm going. Um, come on. Op, op, behind the pillar, which way am I gonna go? 
Phoebe: Oh, oh! It's on again!
Phoebe: Hey.
Phoebe: Yes, it was! It was him! Uh huh! (they all stare at her) Okay, it was me! 
Phoebe: Well, it was just, it was all so crazy, you know. I mean, Chandler was in the closet, counting to 10, and he was up to 7 and I hadn't found a place to hide yet. I-I-I meant to tell you, and I wrote it all down on my hand. See, all of it. (shows him her hand)
Phoebe: Yep, and that's why we don't invite you to play.
Phoebe: That is unfair. I'll call her and tell her it was totally my fault.
Phoebe: What a sad little life she must lead. Okay, ooh (starts dialing). 
Phoebe: No, no, no, I know, I know, ooh. (on the phone in a different voice) 'Hi, this is Katelynn, from Phoebe Buffay's office. Um, is um, Ann there for Phoebe, she'll know what it's about.'
Phoebe: (on phone) 'Annie! Hi. Listen we got a problem with Joey Tribbiani, apparently he missed his audition. Who did you speak to in my office? Estelle, no, I don't know what I'm going to do with her. No. All right, so your husband leaves and burns down the apartment, the world does not stop.'
Phoebe: (on phone) 'Right, well look, um, if Joey loses this audition, that is it for Estelle. I don't care! Annie you are a doll, what time can you see him?' (to Monica) I need a pen. (Chandler hands her one, but she needs something to right on, so she tilts Chandler's head over and writes on the back of his neck)
Phoebe: Oh, it's your audition from this morning. Can I use the phone again?
Phoebe: (on phone, in 'Katelynn's' voice) 'Hi, I have Phoebe Buffay returning a page. Okay, well, um, she's in her car I'll have to patch you through.'
Phoebe: (in voice, on phone) 'Okay, go ahead.' (in normal voice on phone) Um, hi Annie. (listens) Fantastic! (to Joey) You got it. (on phone) Oh, okay, um, 'Will he work for scale?' you ask me. Well, I don't know about that, (Joey clears his throat to signify yes) except that I do and he will. Great, oh you are such a sweetheart. I would love to have lunch with you, how about we have lunch next....(hangs up phone) Op, went through a tunnel.
Phoebe: It was really fun, I mean I've never talked on a car phone before.
Phoebe: Oh, I don't know. I mean it was fun one time.
Phoebe: Two?
Phoebe: Okay, I'll do it, but just these three, right
Phoebe: (entering) Helloo! Oh! (sees Joey and starts to leave)
Phoebe: No it's not, sorry.
Phoebe: Oh, Joey! Oh, okay, see I didn't recognize you wearing, in those....pants.
Phoebe: Yes! They called and you didn't get it! Okay, I mean you didn't get it, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Phoebe: But they shouldn't happen, you know what, you're, you're in a terrible, terrible business. Oh God, I don't wanna be the person who makes your face look like that.
Phoebe: Oh, now you're sad and creepy, oh. You know what, I, I'm sorry I quit, okay, I just quit.
Phoebe: Not personal, really, well they said that they never met an Italian actor with a worse Italian accent.
Phoebe: Yeah. Ooh God, there's that face again! See I can't do this job! I...
Phoebe: Yeah okay, no if it helps you okay. Yeah.
Phoebe: Okay, so we got some more good rejections, lots of stuff to work on. 
Phoebe: Okay, um, oh, the zoo commercial.
Phoebe: No. They said you 'Weren't believable as a human being.' So, you can work on that. 
Phoebe: Um, the off-Broadway play people said 'You were pretty but dumb.'
Phoebe: Oh no wait, I'm sorry, that's 'pretty dumb.'
Phoebe: Oh.
Phoebe: Yeah, no, I understand.
Phoebe: Yeah. Sorry. (she starts to leave)
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: (in a coy tone) Oh, you caught me. I am so busted.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: No, but he’s always late.
Phoebe: Yeah, I did. I think it sounds y'know big sistery, y'know, ‘Frank’s always late.’
Phoebe: No, I know, I’m just nervous. Y'know it’s just y'know Mom’s dead, don’t talk to my sister, Grandma’s been sleeping a lot lately. It’s like the last desperate chance to have a family, y'know, kinda thing. You’re so sweet to wait with me.
Phoebe: (entering) Everbody this is Frank! This is my half-brother Frank.
Phoebe: This is everybody. This is Ross.
Phoebe: Chandler.
Phoebe: Joey.
Phoebe: This is Monica.
Phoebe: And this is Rachel.
Phoebe: I’m gonna get coffee.
Phoebe: Oh yeah! Yeah, no, we’re gonna connect, y'know bond, and everything.
Phoebe: (sits up) Oh, ew!
Phoebe: Yeah I know what I wanted to ask you. Um, can you roll your tongue? Because I can, and my Mom couldn’t, and I thought y'know, I figured that was something I got from our Dad.
Phoebe: Yeah, yeah. You can do it to. (tries to do it, but can’t)
Phoebe: Oh right, yeah okay, my Mom could, and I can’t. We don’t have that....
Phoebe: Feburary 16th.
Phoebe: Wow, that’s close. When’s yours?
Phoebe: That’s the same month as Halloween. So, um, what kinda things do you like to do at home?
Phoebe: Okay so, by melting, you meant melting.
Phoebe: So is it like art?
Phoebe: Um, yeah sure. Why you wanna call your Mom?
Phoebe: Oh, well um, not right now. Y'know I’m just gonna go to bed, I think the fumes are giving me a headache.
Phoebe: G’night, bro.
Phoebe: Here. (gives him a fire extinguisher) Y'know, just in case.
Phoebe: No kind. He just makes it up.
Phoebe: So far, it kinda blows. I don’t know, I just thought y'know that he’d feel more like a brother y'know, like you and Ross, just like close and connected and....
Phoebe: Ah!!
Phoebe: Oh, how do you play the shadow game?
Phoebe: I just asked you.
Phoebe: I don’t have time for this.
Phoebe: Which you just gave up really quickly.
Phoebe: Build the unit Cinderelly, lay the tile Cinderelly.
Phoebe: Yeah. (phone rings and Phoebe answers it) ‘Hello. (listens) Oh my God, I totally forgot! (listens) Well can’t someone else do it. (listens) But, I have company. (listens) Yeah, no look, that’s all right I’ll come in.’ (hangs up phone) Um, Frank, I’m really sorry but I have to go to work. It’s-it’s one of my regulars and he’s insisting that I do ‘um.
Phoebe: Oh! I’m a masseuse. I give people massages and stuff.
Phoebe: Well, y'know we don’t call it that, but yeah!
Phoebe: All righty. I’ll be back in-in a little bit. Unless you wanna come with me?
Phoebe: No, no, you can get one yourself. It’ll be on the house! Y'know what are big sisters for?
Phoebe: No, no, no, I wouldn’t do you myself, I mean that would be weird. Yeah, no, I’ll get one of the other girls to do it. Oh, this will be so much fun! Hey! Are you excited?
Phoebe: Hey!-Hey! What’s going on?
Phoebe: You can’t have sex with her!
Phoebe: Okay, Jasmine, can you, can you ask Mr. Whiffler if he can wait for like five minutes.
Phoebe: (turns around and hits Frank) So that’s what you thought I did!! God! That’s not what I do!
Phoebe: Nooo! Why would you think that?
Phoebe: Whatever, it’s the perfect end to the perfect weekend anyways.
Phoebe: You really thought it was perfect?
Phoebe: Yeah, um, which ones in particular were great for you?
Phoebe: I don’t....
Phoebe: Right, okay, um-mm.
Phoebe: Yeah, I guess I do, yeah.
Phoebe: Well, I-I wasn’t hopping mad, y'know.
Phoebe: Okay. All right, this is my favourite part of the weekend, right now, this.
Phoebe: Uh-huh.
Phoebe: She wasn’t a hooker.
Phoebe: Maybe all the rulers are wrong.
Phoebe: Wow, it’s like a dirty math problem.
Phoebe: Oh, that is so unfortunate.
Phoebe: Cute naked guy is really starting to put on weight.
Phoebe: You didn’t leave lipstick marks on the phone.
Phoebe: (angrily) Bye-bye! (to Ross) That’s why I moved out.
Phoebe: I think on some levels she already knows.
Phoebe: Okay, well maybe not on those levels.
Phoebe: Why, nobody good?
Phoebe: Oh, really?
Phoebe: So what are they doing?
Phoebe: (to Monica, who’s entering) Hey, you’re early.
Phoebe: I’m just taking it to be re-wired.
Phoebe: No, no, Mr. Heckles no one is making any noise up here.
Phoebe: You don’t play the oboe!
Phoebe: Then I’m gonna have to ask you to keep it down. (slams the door in his face.)
Phoebe: Huh?
Phoebe: It’s not in the apartment? (Monica gives a ‘Come on’ look) Oh no. I can’t believe this is happening again.
Phoebe: Okay, enough with the third degree! I-I’ve, I don’t live here anymore.
Phoebe: I’m sorry, I-I-I-I don’t live here anymore. I-I didn’t know how to tell you, but y'know everybody else knows!
Phoebe: That was supposed to be a good thing, I forget why. Just listen, Monica, I, do you know, okay, do you know, I couldn’t sleep for like a month because I got like a dot of ink on one of the sofa cushions. 
Phoebe: Yeah, I would’ve except I had a big spaghetti stain on the other side.
Phoebe: Okay, this is what I’m talking about, this. I-I need to live in a land where people can spill.
Phoebe: Aw, honey it’s not your fault, y'know this is who you are, and I love you, and I want us to be friends, and if I keep living here I don’t see that happening.
Phoebe: Aww, good. (they hug) What?
Phoebe: No you’re not, you’re wondering which cushion it is.
Phoebe: Oh, it’s already closed, Chris gave me the keys to lock up-what is wrong?
Phoebe: Oh no! Why?
Phoebe: Oh my God! I don’t believe it! Oh, you poor bunny.
Phoebe: Aw! Hey, do you think that Susan person is her lover?
Phoebe: I’m sorry.
Phoebe: Aw, God Ross. Oh.(goes over and hugs him)
Phoebe: I know no, no, y'know you don’t deserve this, you don’t Ross. You’re, you’re really, you’re so good. (kisses him on the cheek)
Phoebe: And you’re so sweet. (kisses him on the other cheek) And you’re kind (kisses him on the lips)
Phoebe: Huh?
Phoebe: Okay, it’s okay.
Phoebe: Oh. (they start kissing again)
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: Well, that’s not something a girl wants to hear.
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: You have chalk on your face.
Phoebe: Oh, Ross you’re right, I don’t know why I always thought this was real grass.
Phoebe: Who’s singing?
Phoebe: Ewww! Oh! It’s the Mattress King!
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Yeah, I can’t say croissant. (realises) Oh my God!
Phoebe: Ugh! I don’t know Monica. It feels funny just being here. I mean if you buy a bed from Janice’s ex-husband, that’s like betraying Chandler.
Phoebe: (sees a little kid playing with a race car bed) (to kid) Hi. Y'know in England this car would be on the other side of the store. (the kid just stares at her, and she makes the ‘that went right over your head’ motion) Woo!
Phoebe: Eh, Monica it, it feels so weird, y'know, Chandler’s your friend... (hops onto the bed) Oh! Oh my God! Aw, all right take this bed, you can make other friends.
Phoebe: Hey! Ooh! How was teaching last night?
Phoebe: Ooooh, nice.
Phoebe: Oh, yay!
Phoebe: Oh. (goes and answers the door and there is this huge black delievery guy.) 
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: Oh, do I have a middle name. All right Monica Velula Geller. It’s that bedroom there. (points to Monica’s room)
Phoebe: Yeah, so please, please, please, don’t say anything to Chandler.
Phoebe: Is that a problem?
Phoebe: Oh, hey, hey Nick the boxer let’s see what you got. All right ya, put ‘em up. Come on. (they start shadow boxing)
Phoebe: Yeah, well I had to learn, I was staying at the Y and some off the young men weren’t acting Christian enough.
Phoebe: Oh! Oh! Oh!
Phoebe: Wow! And I’m a vegetarian! All right, all right, well I’m sorry, we’ll put some ice on it. 
Phoebe: ‘Kay, put your head back.
Phoebe: All right, I have ya. Oh God.
Phoebe: Oh, it’s the compulsively neat one by the window, okay.
Phoebe: I’m, I’m freaking out! Monica kinda trusted me with something and she shouldn’t have! All right, I haven’t lived here in a while, so I have to ask you something. Does Monica still turn on the lights in her bedroom?
Phoebe: I am soo dead. (goes to Monica’s room)
Phoebe: Isn’t it cool! Varoom! Varoom!
Phoebe: I know, you must’ve won like a contest or something! 
Phoebe: I’m sorry, okay, I-I wasn’t looking, and the store says that they won’t take it back because you signed for it...
Phoebe: When I was you! Y'know what, it’s all Joey’s fault, ‘cause he left his nose open!
Phoebe: It’s Monica’s bed. What?
Phoebe: So. This has always been Monica’s bed, what you’re just noticing now, how self-involved are you?
Phoebe: Well, if you really, really want it, then it’s okay.
Phoebe: No, no, it’s just my tooth.
Phoebe: No thanks, I have a good one too. I just, I, I can’t see him.
Phoebe: Because, every time I go to the dentist, somebody dies.
Phoebe: Yeah, yeah, first there was my aunt Mary, and then there was umm, John, my mailman, and then my, my cowboy friend ‘Albino Bob’.
Phoebe: Yes, while I was in the chair! That’s why I take such good care of my teeth now, y'know, it’s not about oral hygiene, I floss to save lives!
Phoebe: Well tell that to them. Oh! You can’t, their dead.
Phoebe: (trying to bite into an apple) Ow! Ow! (drops the apple in disgust.)
Phoebe: All right, fine, fine, but if you’re my next victim, don’t come back as a poltergeist and like suck me into the TV set.
Phoebe: Although, don’t feel like you can’t visit.
Phoebe: Well, you could wait ‘til I go to the dentist, maybe I’ll kill him.
Phoebe: Well, I’m going to the dentist, so listen, okay, just be on the look out for anything that, that, that you can fall into, or, or that can fall on you, or... All right, just look out! Okay, And um, I also just wanna, I just wanna tell you all that um...... (starts to cry and runs out)
Phoebe: (running through the door) No! Oh! You’re alive! You’re alive!
Phoebe: Yeah, well, we’ll see about that. Can I use your phone? I just wanna call everyone I know.
Phoebe: (on phone) ‘Hey! You’re not dead! Okay, see ya!’
Phoebe: (rushing in) Okay. If you’re alive you answer your phone!
Phoebe: Woo-Hoo! The curse is broken! I called everybody I know, and everyone is alive.
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: Oh my God! I killed him! I killed another one! And this curse is getting stronger too, to bring down something that big.
Phoebe: I’m telling you he’s dead. What we are about to have here is a dead fat guy on a stick.
Phoebe: He’s alive! He’s a-live!!!
Phoebe: (joining him) Love....
Chandler and Phoebe: I’ll be a fool for you. I’m sure, you know I don’t mind.
Chandler and Phoebe: Yes! You mean the world the world to me. Oh...
Phoebe: I know.
Phoebe: I’ve found....
Chandler and Phoebe: ...in you, my endless (Phoebe goes high pitched, Chandler goes low pitched) love. (they both look at each other.) My endless love. (once again they don’t match tones, and they just look at each other)
Phoebe: Hey, it’s your Thanksgiving too, y'know, instead of watching football, you could help.
Phoebe: Y'know, for once, I am going to sit down and try to watch one of these things. (just as she sits down).
Phoebe: Oh, can I play too? I’ve never played football, like ever. 
Phoebe: Yay!!
Phoebe: Okay, so how do we decide that?
Phoebe: Wait for me! Wait for me! Wait for me! Oh cool, this is my first huddle.
Phoebe: Okay, so what do you guys really think of Chandler?
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: What’s block?
Phoebe: I thought you meant in life.
Phoebe: Go! Go! Go!
Phoebe: Oh I got it!! (catches the ball) Oh! Ew! Broken boob! Ow!
Phoebe: Touchdown!! Touchdown!!
Phoebe: Well, okay, I made a touchdown. It was my first touchdown. So?
Phoebe: Oh my God!
Phoebe: Woo-yay!!
Phoebe: I love this game!!
Phoebe: Oh my God! You dated someone with a glass eye too?!
Phoebe: All right, no, well I want to kill them to, but their boys, y'know how are we gonna beat three boys?
Phoebe: Come on Mon, let her throw the ball.
Phoebe: Okay. Oooh! Oh, this is our last huddle, yeah.
Phoebe: Wait-wait-wait-wait! So, explain something to me though, if, if nobody tagged Rachel, then isn’t the play still going.
Phoebe: Isn’t there a national football league.
Phoebe: Umm, this stuffing is amazing. Do you think we should bring them some?
Phoebe: Have fun. Oh wait, no, don’t! I forgot I am totally against that now.
Phoebe: No, no, I am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime, and their, their corpses grotesquely dressed in like tinsel and twinkly lights. (to Joey) Hey, how do you sleep at night?
Phoebe: Really?
Phoebe: (walking up to Joey) Hey.
Phoebe: Well, I-I thought a lot about what you said, and um, I realilized duh, all right maybe I was a little judgmental. Yeah, (looks at the tree) oh, but oh...
Phoebe: Destiny.
Phoebe: Yes.
Phoebe: Okay. (One of Joey’s co-workers, walks by with a dead tree.) Yikes! That one doesn’t look very fulfilled.
Phoebe: You keep the old ones in the back, that is so ageist.
Phoebe: So, what happens to the old guys?
Phoebe: Why, do I have a feeling that’s not as happy as it sounds? (Joey points out one going into the chipper to her, as this haunty, demonic music starts to play in the background) No! Nooooo!!! (she winces in horror and hides her face against Joey’s shoulder, as she sees the tree spit out from the chipper.)
Phoebe: (running up carrying a tree) Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! No, no, you don’t want that one. No, you can have this cool brown one. (points to the almost dead tree she has)
Phoebe: Okay but that’s why you have to buy it, so it can fulfil it’s Christmas destiny, otherwise there gonna throw it into the chipper. Tell him, Joey
Phoebe: Well look no further, (shows her the dead one) this one’s yours! Ahhh.
Phoebe: All right y'know what, nevermind! Everyone wants to have a green one! I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to get so emotional, I guess it’s just the holidays, it’s hard.
Phoebe: Oh, I wasn’t even thinking about that.
Phoebe: This is the worst Christmas ever.
Phoebe: Oh! Oh my God!
Phoebe: You saved them! You guys! Oh God, you’re the best!
Phoebe: Oh, God bless us, everyone.
Phoebe: Why don’t you go up there and ask him to ‘step lightly, please?’
Phoebe: Ooh, that is silly. (gets up) I’ll go up there, I’ll tell him to keep it down.
Phoebe: (muffled through the floor) Yeah, look I was with my friend downstairs and we hear everything up here that you do, and I am sick and tired... (I tired but the rest is unintelligible).
Phoebe: (muffled) Oh, thank you.
Phoebe: Well, he’s very charming.
Phoebe: Well, you’re just gonna have to try.
Phoebe: (to one of his sisters, Cookie) Hey!
Phoebe: Well, I have ah, vodka and cranberry juice.
Phoebe: Wow. Okay, I don’t know how to talk to you.
Phoebe: Where’d you get too? We lost you after you opened up all the presents.
Phoebe: Why, what happened?
Phoebe: How can you not know which one?
Phoebe: We didn’t fool around with any of them. Dwha! Dwha!
Phoebe: Oh well y'know. (laughs)
Phoebe: Ick, you were eavesdropping.
Phoebe: Oh, I’m sorry. But I really like this guy. And I think he really happens to like me.
Phoebe: Thanks you guys! Thank you.
Phoebe: God, I hope they kick his ass!
Phoebe: (entering, with about 20 purses hanging around her neck) Morning. Rach, I'm here with the purses! 
Phoebe: Your welcome, oh please not the one with the turtles. 
Phoebe: Umm, no, it's a purse. And there's a thermos in it. 
Phoebe: A stripper at a bachelor party, that is so cliché. Why don't you get a magician?! 
Phoebe: Well, can you dance at all? 
Phoebe: (covering her mouth in shock) What, what is that? 
Phoebe: Oh, how was last night with Julio, senorita? 
Phoebe: Oh yeah. 
Phoebe: Oh my God, oh my God! Poor Monica! 
Phoebe: What?! He was with her when he wrote this poem. Look, (reading) 'My vessel so empty with nothing inside. Now that I've touched you, you seem emptier still.' He thinks Monica is empty, she is the empty vase! 
Phoebe: Oh, totally. Oh, God, oh, she seemed so happy too. 
Phoebe: (entering) Hey! 
Phoebe: What are you wrapping? 
Phoebe: Yeah, it's a vase. 
Phoebe: Well not exactly like the one in the poem. 
Phoebe: Remember how you said you were really dense about poetry? Oh. (hugs her) 
Phoebe: (entering, holding a pair of Roller Blades) Hi.
Phoebe: Oh! Since tomorrow. I met this really cute guy in the park and he like y'know, jogs, and blades, and swims, and so y'know we made a deal that’s he’s going to teach me all sorts of jock stuff.
Phoebe: I’m going to let him.
Phoebe: Oh, there’s no such thing as an innocent burger.
Phoebe: Um, Chandler, Ross, this is Robert.
Phoebe: (to Robert) You’ve have lipstick right here (points to her cheek). That’s okay, it’s mine, we just kissed.
Phoebe: I’ll have coffee.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Oh, okay, I learned how to shoot a lay-up, a foul shot, and a twenty-three pointer.
Phoebe: Oh, I get more because I’m dainty.
Phoebe: Yeah, in the back. You want a quarter?
Phoebe: What? (the guys keep laughing.) What? You guys, what is going on? You not like Robert? (the guys keep laughing.) Why are you laughing?!
Phoebe: You guys!! Come on!
Phoebe: What do you mean?
Phoebe: Hey.
Phoebe: Hey. Ooh! Don’t sit down! 
Phoebe: Yeah. And, first here’s a gift.
Phoebe: That’s all right, that’s well, I figured.... (they start to leave as Joey enters.)
Phoebe: Listen, Robert’s gonna be here any second so, will one of you just tell him?
Phoebe: Please, right now, no, every time I see him it’s like ‘Is it on the lose?’ ‘Is it watching me?’
Phoebe: Hey.
Phoebe: No, I can spot you from here.
Phoebe: Okay, listen Robert...
Phoebe: Umm, I think you’re really, really great...
Phoebe: I-I-I-I-I don’t know, I don’t know what to say.
Phoebe: Oh-ho yeah! A song with rhyming words. Oo, I never thought of that before.
Phoebe: (to Chandler) Why? Because she can sing and play guitar and do both at the same time?
Phoebe: Okay, see, see, everyone else is happy she’s done.
Phoebe: Oh no, one of those ‘look for the hidden meaning’ songs.
Phoebe: Hey Leslie, how’d you know I’d be here?
Phoebe: Actually I said she abandoned me to write jingles.
Phoebe: Hmm, bummer.
Phoebe: No. But thanks.
Phoebe: Okay. No. But thanks.
Phoebe: Well okay, let this be a lesson to all of you, all right. Once you, once you betray me, I become like the ice woman, y’know. Very cold, hard, unyielding, y'know nothing, nothing can penetrate this icy exterior. (to Monica) Can I have a tissue, please?
Phoebe: Where’s Chandler?
Phoebe: Oh. (takes her beeper puts in a pot, covers it, and puts the pot in the oven)
Phoebe: Yeah, that was Leslie calling again to see if we can get back together. That’s the twentieth time today! And good luck Leslie!
Phoebe: Well, yeah. Y'know, we were best friends, ever since we were little, our Moms worked on the barge together.
Phoebe: You never run on a barge!
Phoebe: Oh my God!! You threw Pepper on the fire!
Phoebe: It’s just y'know, been a couple of hours, and she hasn’t called. Not that I even care, y'know.
Phoebe: You think you know me so well.
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: That’s what I said.
Phoebe: I can’t. I can’t. She dumped me, I mean I totally trusted her and then one day it was ‘Okay, bye Pheebs’ gone. Y'know what the saddest part is, when we were playing together, that was like the most fun I’ve ever had in like all my lives.
Phoebe: (singing) I stepped in something icky.
Phoebe: (singing) Smelly cat, smelly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat, smelly cat, it’s not your fault.
Phoebe: Oh, yeah!
Phoebe: I..., a jingle? No, no-no-no, no.
Phoebe: Okay, well if I was in this for the money, I’d be a millionaire by now, y'know. You just got to get out of that jingle head sweetie.
Phoebe: That’s okay. All right, I’m gonna play song that’s really, really sad. It’s called Magician Box Mix Up. (she turns her guitar upside down to play it.)
Phoebe: (to Leslie) Oh, I thought you weren’t coming. What? Where were you?
Phoebe: Okay, don’t give me a reason to get mad, okay
Phoebe: No, look, I told you that I didn’t want you to try and sell it, and you just, you big fat did it anyway. God, y'know what, I think five years ago I probably would’ve done anything to play with you but, I can do it by myself. And if I can’t trust you then just forget it. 
Phoebe: Okay y'know what you have to choose. All right, if-if the most important thing on the planet to you is this cat poopy thing then, okay you can have Smelly Cat, but we won’t be partners. So what’s it gonna be?
Phoebe: Yeah. I actually am, yeah. Y'know life-life’s gonna had you all kinds of stuff, y'know you learn your little lessons and hopefully you grow. Wanna hear a new song?
Phoebe: Okay. (singing) ‘Jingle bitch screwed me over! Go to hell jingle whore! Go to hell Go to hell. Go to hell-hell-hell.’ That’s all I have so far.
Phoebe: (entering) Hey. I need an atlas! I need an atlas!
Phoebe: I have a date with this diplomat I met while I was giving free massages outside the UN and, I don’t know where his country is.
Phoebe: Oh!! That’s my new thing. I figure bodies at peace, make peace.
Phoebe: Ick-neck-tree-anis..... There’s a ‘g’ in there.
Phoebe: In your atlas!
Phoebe: Oh.
Phoebe: Oh.
Phoebe: Umm, well he’s very dashing, y'know, and umm, very, very sophisticated, and he doesn’t speak any English, but according to his translator, he totally gets me.
Phoebe: What is this?
Phoebe: Me too. Although this city is my home, so. So that’s dumb what I said, don’t tell him I said that. Umm, you make something up. (Mischa does so and Sergei kisses her hand.) Nice, (to Mischa) thank you. This is me. Here.
Phoebe: (to Mischa) Thank you, very much! Oh! (to Sergei) Thank you!
Phoebe: (to Mischa) Okay, y'know what, you don’t have to do that now. (Mischa translates that to Sergei) No-no-no-no!! Not him, you don’t! (Mischa tells Sergei he can proceed and steps away) Well the moment’s over.
Phoebe: Oh.
Phoebe: (pointing to the globe) See there it is right there.
Phoebe: Yeah. But Sergei said it took the Germans six weeks to get all the way across it.
Phoebe: Yeah. Except for, y'know when you’re on a date and you’re getting along really great but the guy’s translator keeps getting in the way.
Phoebe: (to Monica) Anyway, I’m going out with Sergei again tonight, and um, could you come and be the translator’s date? So that when we, it’s time for our alone time, you two could split off. Y'know, he’s really, he’s kinda cute.
Phoebe: Hey, don’t call him that! His name is Spackel Back Harry!
Phoebe: (laughing and banging her spoon on the table) Knock, knock, knock, knock, hi. Um, could you please tell Sergei that um, I was fascinated by what Boutros Boutros Gali said in the New York Times.
Phoebe: You didn’t say Boutros Boutros Gali.
Phoebe: Interesting.
Phoebe: Okay, ah, before you get all talky again, umm, could you also please tell Sergei that I really like his suit.
Phoebe: Monica, can I talk to you behind my menu, please. (Behind the menu) What are you doing?
Phoebe: Yeah but, Mischa is so interested in you, that Sergei and I haven’t been able to say two words to each other.
Phoebe: That would be great. Thank you.
Phoebe: Oh, yeah, sure. I just hope you, hope you don’t accidentally suck it up through your nose and choke on it.
Phoebe: Well, tell him, apology accepted.
Phoebe: Excuse me, but umm, isn’t he paying for your dinner?
Phoebe: Plate! Yes, plate.
Phoebe: See, we don’t need them.
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: Ameri-can.
Phoebe: Ameri-can. Y'know it’s a very hard language. Let’s do it again.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Hey, why are you mopping your ceiling?
Phoebe: Wow, I have the spirit of an old Indian women living in mine.
Phoebe: The mailman was downstairs, so I brought up your mail.
Phoebe: Now what is Fabutec?
Phoebe: Waxine!!
Phoebe: Oh, it’s incredible! I so want to be a Waxine girl.
Phoebe: God. Do think it really doesn’t hurt? ‘Cause how can they do that?
Phoebe: They have the best stuff in there.
Phoebe: (reading from the instructions) After applying the Waxine and linen strips to leg number one, 
Phoebe: Grasp one of the linen strips by its ‘easy grab tab’ and pull it off in one quick pain free motion.
Phoebe: Was it not pain-free?
Phoebe: Huh, well, the girls in the satin nighties on the commercial don’t seem to think it’s that bad.
Phoebe: (Removing one of the strips) Ow-ow-ow-ow! Oh my God!!!
Phoebe: Oh!!
Phoebe: Ow!!!
Monica and Phoebe: Ow!!!!!!! Ow-ow-ow-ow!
Phoebe: We’re all right.
Phoebe: We’re all right.
Phoebe: For your information, this happens to be a pain like no man will ever experience.
Phoebe: Oh yeah, come here. (Puts a little wax on Joey’s arm and puts a strip on it.)
Phoebe: Uh-huh.
Phoebe: (to Joey) What, what are they talking about?
Phoebe: Whe-where did he put it?!
Phoebe: Oh, I knew something had to be wrong, because my fingernails did not grow at all yesterday.
Phoebe: Should we do something?
Phoebe: Hi, it’s Phoebe. Listen someone’s gonna have to take my 9:00 with Mr. Rehack, ‘cause it’s like 9:15 now, and I’m not there.
Phoebe: We could eat the wax! It’s organic.
Phoebe: No, not the used wax.
Phoebe: They’re gonna get through this, aren’t they?
Phoebe: Yeah, y'know, people can be so self-involved.
Phoebe: They’ve been quiet for a long time.
Phoebe: Oh come on, they can be in the same room.
Phoebe: Why? What happened now?
Phoebe: Wait. Why was he yelling at her? He’s the one who slept with someone else. 
Phoebe: Whoa!! He is soo unreasonable! God, although I think I understand what he means. Oh my God, this is like 60 Minutes, okay, when, when, at first you’re really mad at that pharmaceutical company for making the drug and then y'know you just feel bad for the people because they needed to make their hair grow.
Phoebe: Y'know I had a dream where Ross and Rachel were still together, they never broke up. And we were all just like hanging out, and everyone was happy....
Phoebe: Yeah, and nobody slept with that Xerox girl. 
Phoebe: (turning around and picking a cup off of a table) Oh, hey, look, I found coffee! (handing her the cup) Okay, let’s skedaddle.
Phoebe: Okay, your highness.
Phoebe: (in a deep voice, imitating Ross) Um, Rachel I’m really sorry. (imitating Rachel) That’s okay, do you wanna get back together? (imitating Ross) Yeah, okay. (in her normal voice) Did anyone else hear that?!
Monica and Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: No, it’s just that he got this new like home theater dealie, and he wants y'know, us to check it out.
Phoebe: Ohhh boy, do I feel bad.
Phoebe: Chandler what are you doing?!
Phoebe: Why would you start again after chewing all that quitting gum?
Phoebe: Him? Him, Ross?
Phoebe: Wait. Really?! ‘Cause mine get me out of tickets.
Phoebe: Well, we were um, sorta invited to go skiing, y'know Rachel’s sister’s cabin. (Chandler goes back to the window to smoke again.)
Phoebe: Y'know what, I can stay, I’m gonna stay. ‘Cause the last time I went skiing I was to afraid to jump off the chair lift, I just went around and around.
Phoebe: Chandler!!
Phoebe: What does the sign say?
Phoebe: No, the ‘No Smoking’ sign. There’s no smoking in my Grandmother’s cab.
Phoebe: Please!
Phoebe: (to Rachel, who’s staying in the cab.) Aren’t you gonna go?
Phoebe: No, y'know what don’t close it (Rachel slams the door shut locking themselves out.) ‘cause the... keys...are in there.
Phoebe: Okay, Monica’s are the biggest.
Phoebe: All right, forget it, nevermind, you can have mine.
Phoebe: (finishing removing her bra) Okay, there.
Phoebe: Okay. (The car moves a few feet and sputters to a stop.) Oh, no!
Phoebe: Yeah, this has happened before.
Phoebe: Yep. Put more gas in.
Phoebe: Okay, yeah. (to Monica and Rachel) Triple A can pick us up.
Phoebe: Yeah, what town are we near?
Phoebe: (to Monica) Then why are you answering? Do you at least know what route we’re on?
Phoebe: Okay. (on phone) We are at a rest stop on Route 27. Okay. (to Rachel) There is no Route 27. (listens) (to Rachel) Okay, either 93 or 76?
Phoebe: Okay. (on phone) Hey, can you send somebody up and down 76 and check every rest stop, and, and also 93? (listens) Okay! (hangs up) Yeah, no they don’t do that.
Phoebe: But if...
Phoebe: Oh good, oh Joey and Chandler are back.
Phoebe: (answering the phone) (whispering) Ross, thank God.
Phoebe: I ate a bug.
Phoebe: Listen Ross, we ran out of gas, and we don’t know where we are, so we can’t get a tow truck.
Phoebe: Yes, please.
Phoebe: Oh, it’s Ross on one of his drives!
Phoebe: Hi!
Phoebe: (to Chandler and Monica) You guys, what, what do we do about Ross who drove all the way up here? What do we do? Just like send him back and we’re then gonna go skiing?
Phoebe: Y'know what, but there is, there is no right or wrong, here.
Phoebe: Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!! Hey!!! (they all stop fighting, Chandler continues to dance.) Look what you’re doing to Chandler!! (Chandler finally stops) (to Ross and Rachel) Yeah, look, we know this is really, really hard for you guys. Okay? (Ross starts to leave) You don’t, all right you don’t have to love each other, okay? You don’t, you don’t even have to like each other much right now. But please, you have to figure out a way to be around each other.
Phoebe: Yeah, otherwise, I mean that’s, that’s, that’s just it for us hanging out together. Y'know is that what you want? (they both look away) Can you be civil?
Phoebe: Okay. Good, all right, let’s get back in the car, ‘cause it’s freezing, and my chest is unsupported.
Phoebe: Maybe we can like go to a movie or something. 
Phoebe: Or, or the rodeo!!
Phoebe: Okay!
Phoebe: Bye!!!
Phoebe: All right, y'know forget hypnosis. The way to quit smoking is you have to dance naked in a field of heather, and then bath in the sweat of six healthy young men.
Phoebe: Oh my God!! 
Phoebe: Frank! Hi!
Phoebe: What are you doing here?
Phoebe: What happened?
Phoebe: But, also, what happened between you and your Mom?
Phoebe: Your getting married?!
Phoebe: My little brother’s getting married!!
Phoebe: Do I?
Phoebe: Yeah, I do, yeah.
Phoebe: Yeah, isn’t it fantastic?
Phoebe: What, he’s 18.
Phoebe: Yeah, I’m a big surprise.
Phoebe: Wow, kids. Frank, are you sure you’re ready for that?
Phoebe: Oh good! Okay. ‘Cause you were acting like you didn’t.
Phoebe: No, I know, I know, that this is Frank’s life, (walks behind them, they turn around in the leather chairs to face her) y'know. Y'know, I don’t want to be all judgmental, y'know, but this is sick, it’s sick and wrong!
Phoebe: No-no, oh, I’m fine with the age thing y'know, until it starts sticking it’s tongue down my little brother’s throat! 
Phoebe: But, I mean, do you think he’s gonna enjoy it when he’s up to his elbows in the diapers from all the babies they have to have right away?! This is not fair to Frank, (she walks behind them again, and hey again turn to follow her) and it-it’s not fair to the babies, and y'know what, it’s not good home economics.
Phoebe: Yes. Not out loud.
Phoebe: Yeah, but if I do tell him, then he’s gonna hate myself. I mean look at him and his Mom, I can’t. (pause) But, you guys can, please you gotta talk him out of it.
Phoebe: Come on, you guys, you have nothing to lose, I have everything to lose. Do you want me to lose everything? Everything?!
Phoebe: Okay, I’m gonna go get Frank. (exits)
Phoebe: (to Joey) You’re Frank’s best man?!
Phoebe: Well then, (to Ross) what about you?! Huh?!
Phoebe: Hi! Oh, Alice, hi! Thanks. I’m so glad you could come, ‘cause I’ve got a real umm, Home Ec emergency. (Points to the table cloth, which has a huge mustard stain on it.)
Phoebe: Yeah, I know. It’s a real mustard-tastrophe. Can you help me?
Phoebe: Y'know what, forget it. It’s ruined. 
Phoebe: Or instead, maybe you could just not marry my brother Frank.
Phoebe: Okay. Whoa, sorry. Why were you just like all in the dark?
Phoebe: Oh, yeah, sure. So, how was your day?
Phoebe: What umm, what happened?
Phoebe: Oh no. Did umm, did she say why?
Phoebe: Yeah, yeah, no, I don’t, I don’t know. But, y'know what, maybe it’s just all for the best?
Phoebe: Oh, sweetie, oh. (hugs him)
Phoebe: Uh, well I can tell you why. It’s, it’s because of me. But, y'know what, I only did it because I love you. Okay?
Phoebe: Umm, well I, I kinda had a little chat with Alice, and I sort of made her see why you two shouldn’t be together, y'know. And you’re gonna see it to, one day, you really, really will.
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: Okay, but.
Phoebe: Hey, Frank. Look, okay, I know that you think I did like this totally evil thing, but I so didn’t. There’s someone here who can explain this better than I can.
Phoebe: Yeah, but not just that.
Phoebe: None the less.
Phoebe: That’s right, exactly. (sees them) All right, it’s a good bye kiss, that’s good. (Frank picks Alice up and they move to the couch) Bye-bye. (They both lie down on the couch and start to make out.) Okay, no, the important thing is that you see what I’m saying, y'know, just y'know, this is clearly wrong. (They ignore her) Okay, I’ve decided I’m gonna let this happen! Okay, can I just get my purse? (She reaches in and Alice moans) Okay, all right, good. (leaves).
Phoebe: We were out of Doritos.
Monica and Phoebe: Oh.
Phoebe: Wow! I cannot believe Mark asked you out.
Phoebe: What, so what are you gonna tell him?
Phoebe: Huh.
Phoebe: Wow. So, okay, maybe that means that, you’re not over Ross yet and you have issues with your father.
Phoebe: Okay, so it’s probably just the Ross thing then.
Phoebe: So, you’re like a zillionaire? (Pete smiles and nods)
Phoebe: Y'know what, you should like, you should buy a state and then just name it after yourself.
Phoebe: Yeah, or, or, or, Mississ-Pete.
Phoebe: Yeah, kinda.
Phoebe: (to Chandler) Hey! (Chandler looks up, startled) Why isn’t it Spiderman? Y’know like Goldman, Silverman...
Phoebe: It isn’t?
Phoebe: Oh, okay. There should be Gold Man!
Phoebe: Okay well, he would turn things to gold.
Phoebe: Ahh, his work is done.
Phoebe: Okay. All right you yellow-bellied-lilly-livered-DRAW!! (they both kick up the foot rests like an old fashioned gun fight.)
Phoebe: Oh, it’s so great to see you feeling like this!
Phoebe: Wait, am I missing something though? ‘Cause I thought death was something that’s supposed to be sad, in a way.
Phoebe: Wow, a house for dolls, that is so cool! When I was kid, I had a barrel.
Phoebe: No, just a barrel.
Phoebe: Really?! Really?!
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!
Phoebe: Oh! Ooh! Oh Monica! It’s so beautiful.
Phoebe: So, I’m here, ready to play.
Phoebe: I brought a bunch of stuff for the house, so check it out. Ha-ha. (She removes this large ceramic dog that comes up to the second floor and places it next to the house.)
Phoebe: That’s a dog, every house should have a dog.
Phoebe: Well, maybe it’s so big because the house was built on radioactive waste.
Phoebe: No, no, that’s the ghost for the attic.
Phoebe: Well, nobody wants a ghost. But you’ve got one, because the house is sitting on an ancient Indian burial ground.
Phoebe: Okay, obviously you don’t know much about the U.S. government.
Phoebe: (holding a dinosaur) Okay, dinosaur attack!! Quick, everybody into the house!! Ahh-ahh! (the dinosaur starts attacking the house. She starts to bark like a dog.) Roof! Rrroof-roof-roof!
Phoebe: Okay, (starts to pack up her stuff) fine. Come dinosaur, we’re not welcome in the house of no imagination.
Phoebe: The little ones do.
Phoebe: Hey! 
Phoebe: Look everybody, look at my new dollhouse!!
Phoebe: Look, look! (She lifts up the roof, and the front panel falls revealing the interior.)
Phoebe: Oh, okay, it’s the slide instead of stairs. Watch this. (She slides a doll down the slide)
Phoebe: The Licorice Room, you can eat all the furniture. And, when guests come over, they can stay on the tootsie roll-away bed.
Phoebe: Hey, does anybody want to join me in the aroma room? (lights some incense)
Phoebe: Watch, watch. (She turns a strand of Christmas lights strung around the house.)
Phoebe: And, and! (She turns on a bubble maker.)
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!
Phoebe: What?! Oh my... (sees the remains of the house) Oh my God!! What happened?!
Phoebe: All right. Did everyone get out okay?
Phoebe: Ohh. What is this? (She sees a tissue covering something, and moves to remove it.)
Phoebe: (She pauses to ready herself, and removes the tissue.) Ohh, the-the Foster puppets! 
Phoebe: Oh my God, they took my idea!
Phoebe: Yeah! Okay, here you go. (rolls her back to Rachel)
Phoebe: Oh my God, are you guys okay?
Phoebe: Umm, oh, about three months.
Phoebe: Whoa-whoa-whoa, you guys, do you know anything about chicks?
Phoebe: Okay, well they are a huge responsibility, especially at this age. They require constant care. They-they need just the right food, and lot’s and lot’s of love.
Phoebe: (to Pete) Wow! That’s exciting, you went to Japan, made up a woman.
Phoebe: I’m just saying, this woman, I mean she’s fictitious. No?
Phoebe: ‘Cause you’re still into Monica. So you told her there was somebody else so she would agree to work with you, so ‘cause you figure oh if you spent a lot of time together, maybe something might happen, and...
Phoebe: Yeah, no, I’m fairly intuitive and psychic. It’s a substantial gift.
Phoebe: Absolutely, oh I promise. Tell her what?
Phoebe: No I’m serious. I mean I’m intuitive, but my memory sucks.
Phoebe: Hey! 
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: Ohh, Monica, I am so excited for you.
Phoebe: Ooh, I have to tell you something.
Phoebe: But I can’t tell you.
Phoebe: Well, sure in a perfect world. But, no, I promised I wouldn’t tell, and I swore to like all my gods.
Phoebe: No.
Phoebe: No.
Phoebe: No, but let’s come back to that later!
Phoebe: Noo!
Phoebe: Oh, wait, wait. Clogs, or claws?
Phoebe: No.
Phoebe: No.
Phoebe: (Shaking her head yes) No!
Phoebe: I don’t know! (frantically points at Monica)
Phoebe: I can’t!!
Phoebe: I, but you’re so close! No!
Phoebe: Oh, just go. You’re never gonna get it!
Phoebe: Oh, yeah, he clipped on, he said call him as soon as you get a chance, he’s at Flimby’s.
Phoebe: Oh, yeah, that’s the word I use when I can’t remember the real thing.
Phoebe: No! Rachel, that’s what they want me to do. My warranty expires tomorrow, if I don’t get through, they’re not gonna fix my crappy, broken phone for free! We cannot let them win! It’s us versus them!
Phoebe: Like a date type (looks at Rachel) person?
Phoebe: Thanks!
Phoebe: Okay. (on phone) Ooh, I’m setting the phone down. (does so) But I’m still here! Just don’t go anywhere I’m still here. (starts to put on the sweater) Don’t-don’t switch or anything, ‘cause I’m, I’m right here. (She has pulled the sweater over her head, but her head is stuck in a sleeve.) Just one sec. One sec! One second!! (She is now frantically trying to get the sweater on, as Monica returns from the bathroom.) Wait! One second! Just…
Phoebe: What?! Monica, I’m scared!!
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: Yes!! Yes!! I’m the next caller! You were gonna have me hang up.
Phoebe: No.
Phoebe: Oh, is the play over?
Phoebe: Nah. I kept myself busy.
Phoebe: Oh, okay, yeah. (to Monica) I put your stuff in her room, and her stuff in your room.
Phoebe: No, no, I’m fine, and y’know why? ‘Cause of all the riboflavin.
Phoebe: I’m so, so, so sorry, Joey. I definitely am gonna see you’re play. I swear you’re play is very important to us, thank you for your patience. You’re play is the next play is the next play I’m gonna see.
Phoebe: Oh, I… (starts jabbering incoherently)
Phoebe: I do, I believe you.
Phoebe: Yeah. But I also believed her (points to the phone) when she said I was next.
Phoebe: Yeah, I know. Oh, good thing it’s one of those 801 numbers. Right?
Phoebe: No, no, no, oh no-no-no, it’s has to be 800. (picks up the instruction manual to check the phone number) ‘Cause all those big companies have 800 numbers, every one. (Finds the number) Yeah, every big Utah-based company has one.
Phoebe: Sorry, I’m so sorry, I will pay you back.
Phoebe: Fine! Fine! (slams the phone down, breaking it) Oh-oh!
Phoebe: Well, I think I broke it. But that’s all right, here’s the number you can call.
Phoebe: (to her date) Okay, and then this is the coffee house. This is where I play my music. (points to the stage)
Phoebe: Yeah, and these are my friends. People. This is Vince, Vince the people.
Phoebe: Vince is a fireman.
Phoebe: Okay. (watches him leave)
Phoebe: Oh, Jason? Yeah, uh-huh, we're seeing each other tonight.
Phoebe: I know, I know! I'm like playing the field. Y'know? Like, juggling two guys, I'm sowing my wild oats. Y'know? Y'know, this kind've like y'know oat-sowin', field-playin' juggler.
Phoebe: Does a dog's lips move when he reads? (Joey makes an `I don't know' face, and looks to Chandler and Rachel, who're also stumped) Okay, no they don't.
Phoebe: That is so great! Oh, I... (sees that a parked car near them has caught on fire) Oh my God!
Phoebe: (the fire has worsened) Oh my God!!!
Phoebe: (stopping him) No! No! 
Phoebe: Well, we don't n-n-n-n-need a fireman, we'd, we'd like a good mechanic. (hears the sound of approaching sirens) Oh my God, here they come! Well, we gotta get out of here!
Phoebe: Well look, if I wanted to see a fireman, I would date one. Okay? (she drags him away)
Phoebe: (entering with Rachel) …and I-I can't take it! Y'know? I'm just, always afraid one of them is gonna catch me with the other one. It's making me crazy.
Phoebe: (disgusted) Uh.
Phoebe: Well, it just, it doesn't feel like playing anymore, it feels like work. It's like I'm working in the field.
Phoebe: Well, Vince is great, y'know `cause, he's like a guy, guy. Y'know? He's so burly, he's sooo very burly. (giggles)
Phoebe: Yeah, but Jason's really sensitive.
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: Jason is not a sissy!
Phoebe: God, that is the nicest kitchen.
Phoebe: No! But it's the nicest kitchen, the refrigerator told me to have a great day.
Phoebe: All right. I gotta go. I have break up with Vince.
Phoebe: Yeah, I like Vince a lot, y'know? But, it’s just Jason’s so sensitive, y'know? And in the long run, I think sensitive it’s just better than having just like a really, really, really nice (pause) butt. (Her eyes glaze over thinking about the butt.) (pause) Jason! Definitely Jason! Okay, wish me luck!
Phoebe: Excuse me. Umm, is Vince here?
Phoebe: Wow! I didn’t know you guys actually used those. 
Phoebe: Umm, wow. This-this isn’t gonna be easy. Umm, I don’t think we should see each other anymore.
Phoebe: I’m sorry.
Phoebe: Oh my God, I didn’t…
Phoebe: (running after him) Wait-wait-wait! Wait!!
Phoebe: (to Ross) I’m telling you, if you want to take care of that thing, you should go to my herbal guy.
Phoebe: (gasps) Oh, you so would! Oh, you should get that anyway. (They both look at her.) Like for clubbing. 
Phoebe: Hey Mon umm, if you do get married, can I bring two guests?
Phoebe: No, that was my way of telling you. Well, it turns out he’s incredibly sensitive, he keeps a journal and he paints. He even showed me charcoal drawings that he drew of me.
Phoebe: Yeah, well he’d prefer water colors, but y'know, he has easy access to a lot of charcoal.
Phoebe: Well, yeah, because I have to break up with someone, and… Okay so Jason is sensitive, (holds up one finger) but now so’s Vince (holds up one finger on her other hand) Plus, Vince has the body y'know? (holds up two more fingers on the Vince side) So… It’s really just about the math.
Phoebe: (knocks on the door) Jason?
Phoebe: Nah-ha!
Phoebe: (singing) “Crazy underwear, creepin’ up my butt. (Jason enters) Crazy underwear, always in a rut. Crazy under-(sees Jason)-wear…” (In her head) Oh No! What is he doing here? All right, just keep playing, just keep playing. You’ll get through this; you’ll be fine. (She tries to continue the song, but she has lost the ability to pronounce words, and the lyrics come out as gibberish.) (giving up on the song) Okay, thank you. And, as always no one talk to me after the show.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: I don’t know, he just started kissing me. Get him! Get him, Vince!
Phoebe: Yeah, okay, I’ve-I’ve been dating both of you, and it’s been really horrible. ‘Cause y'know it’s been a lot of fun, for me. Umm, but I-I like you both, and I, and I didn’t know how to chose, so... I’m sorry, I’m just, I’m terrible, I’m a terrible person. I’m terrible.
Phoebe: Really?!
Phoebe: Well, this is none of my business. (starts to walk away)
Phoebe: Well, I made you a candle light dinner in the park.
Phoebe: (to Vince) Well, that could’ve been really awkward.
Phoebe: Yeah, but I-I-I-I can do that for you, I’m gonna do that for you.
Phoebe: All right, so, so you went to Pete’s...
Phoebe: So Monica, what were you gonna tell us?
Phoebe: No-no-no oh, keep your name, don’t take his name.
Phoebe: Well then definately don’t take his name.
Phoebe: (intrigued) Oh?!
Phoebe: (disappointed) Oh.
Phoebe: Yeesh, what’d you do about it?
Phoebe: Umm, hey Rach, can I ask you something?
Phoebe: Okay, you can totally say no, but umm, would it be okay with you if I set Ross up on a date?
Phoebe: Umm, my friend, Bonnie. She just always thought Ross was really cute, and now that you two aren’t together, she asked if I could set it up, but if you’re not cool with it...
Phoebe: You remember her from my birthday party two years ago. She’s yeah, like, average height, medium build, bald...
Phoebe: Great! Okay, good for you! (as they leave she slaps Rachel on the butt)
Phoebe: Um-hmm. Oh wait! This is Bonnie. (who has hair by the way)
Phoebe: (to Bonnie) Well I hope you have fun tonight.
Phoebe: Yeah, she was bald, she’s not now.
Phoebe: I don’t know, I hardly ever say that about people.
Phoebe: Well I’m sorry, I thought you said it was okay.
Phoebe: Well, maybe it won’t work out. Maybe Ross won’t like her personality.
Phoebe: Oh no, Bonnie’s the best!
Phoebe: So Ross, how umm, how did it go with Bonnie?
Phoebe: Ohh, that’s too bad!
Phoebe: Yeah, y'know what, there are other fish in the sea.
Phoebe: Okay, I hear you! Are you capable of talking about any thing else?
Phoebe: Okay. Would you rather live in the shirt pocket of a sweaty giant, or inside his shower drain?
Phoebe: No! No! Look at that! (drags her away from the window) It’s a line of ants! They’re working as a team!
Phoebe: (looking in the window) Right, oh yeah. Wow, oh, it looks like Ross is breaking up with her. Uff, I hope he lets her down easy. Let’s go.
Phoebe: Oh no! That really is nothing, she is very sexually aggressive.
Phoebe: You said it was okay!
Phoebe: What?! What-what-what-what-what?!!
Phoebe: Okay, first of all, breathe. Second of all, I don’t get it. Aren’t you the one that decided that you didn’t want to be with Ross?
Phoebe: Well isn’t he your friend? Don’t you want him to be happy?
Phoebe: So?
Phoebe: (sits down next to her and hugs her) Oh no.
Phoebe: Oh, we killed them all.
Phoebe: Wait, if that’s his favourite area, why is he being so mean to it?
Phoebe: (entering, hurridly) Hey, you guys! Look what I found! Look at this! (She hands Chandler a picture) That’s my Mom’s writing! Look.
Phoebe: Y'know what that means?
Phoebe: No-no, that’s not, that’s not me Phoebe, that’s her pal Phoebe. According to her high school yearbook, they were like B.F.F. (Ross and Bonnie look at her quizzically) Best Friends Forever.
Phoebe: I know! So this woman probably could like have all kinds of stories about my parents, and she might even know like where my Dad is. So I looked her up, and she lives out by the beach. So maybe this weekend we could go to the beach?
Phoebe: So great! Okay! Tomorrow we’re gonna drive out to Montauk.
Phoebe: Oh, I am having the best karma this week. First, I find this woman who knew my parents, and then my client with the fuzzy back gives me his beach house.
Phoebe: Oh, I wasn’t talking about his karma.
Phoebe: And this time, they’ve ganged up to form one giant, super hat.
Phoebe: Oy!!
Phoebe: Oh, yeah, Bob said there might be flood damage.
Phoebe: (at the door) Knock, knock, knock.
Phoebe: (entering) Are you ah, Phoebe Abott?
Phoebe: Hi Phoebe Abott, I’m your best friends daughter!
Phoebe: No, I-I mean your-your old best friend, here. (hands her the picture) Lily, from high school. Remember?
Phoebe: (points to herself) Phoebe. (points to her) Phoebe. Phoebe, yeah. She named me after you I guess.
Phoebe: Yes!! Yes! Yes! Yes!! That’s my Dad, that’s Frank! Yeah! I’m sorry I’m getting all flingy.
Phoebe: No-no, sorry. Cookies are good, thanks. 
Phoebe: (goes and gets some cookies) Well, so, umm, anyway umm, I’ve been, I’ve been looking for my Father, and umm, have you heard from him, or seen him?
Phoebe: (disappointed) Oh, okay. Well, so tell me everything about my parents. Everything.
Phoebe: Oh, what? What was it?
Phoebe: (happily) Yeah, no, it was great.
Phoebe: (entering) Oh, hey!
Phoebe: Oh, so, how are we doing?
Phoebe: I’m kind, caring, and sweet. What’s Monica like?
Phoebe: Ohh, I think she knows where my Dad is.
Phoebe: She was acting, she was pretending like she hasn’t heard from him on years, but I found this picture on her fridge, and look (shows Monica)! Isn’t this what he would look like now?
Phoebe: I don’t know, but we’re having dinner tomorrow night, so I figured, she’s gonna tell me then. Y'know maybe she just wanted to give him time to, buy me presents, I don’t know! So, you’re all bored?
Phoebe: All right, I’m gonna close my eyes and point to someone, and you, whoever I point has to come up with something fun for us to do, and we have to do it. 
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: Okay. (Starts to spin) Ooh, y'know we could just do this. (She stops at Chandler)
Phoebe: Monica, if you get five cool points, you get to make somebody take off one item of clothing. It hasn’t happened yet, but we’re all very excited.
Phoebe: Come on, take ‘em off!!
Phoebe: Shhh! Shhhh! Joey’s asleep.
Phoebe: After he passed out, we put the sand around him to keep him warm.
Phoebe: She cancelled! My namesake cancelled on me!
Phoebe: Yeah, she clamed she had to go out of town suddenly. She’s avoiding me, she doesn’t want to tell me where my Father is. She knows, and she won’t tell me.
Phoebe: Yeah, well, don’t “Aww Pheebs, that sucks!” me yet. (she starts to leave)
Phoebe: Well, she’s out of town so, there’s gotta be something in her house that tells me where my Father is.
Phoebe: Well, are any of those people here?!
Phoebe: Okay, look I-I-I do something nice, okay? I’ll-I’ll fill her ice trays.
Phoebe: Ow! My ass. Okay. Okay. (She manages to climb completely inside and the window slams shut.) Oh, shhh!
Phoebe: No! No!! It’s me! It’s me! I-I didn’t want to make any noise!
Phoebe: I’m sorry.
Phoebe: I-I, came to fill your ice cube trays.
Phoebe: Umm, okay, okay, look. I took this picture from your fridge. Okay, because I know that this is my Father. Yeah, this is Frank Buffay and you are standing right there next to him. Now, look I deserve to know where I came from. All right? So if you can help me find my Father then you should! Otherwise, you’re just mean! (pause) So, just tell me the truth!
Phoebe: My Father is Chuck Magioni?
Phoebe: Oh.
Phoebe: Heh?
Phoebe: Ehh?
Phoebe: I-I mean I, well I think I can figure it out. I guess y'know I was born, and everyone started lying their asses off!
Phoebe: How close?
Phoebe: I don’t even know how that would work!
Phoebe: (interrupting) I’m not asking!
Phoebe: Yeah. Let’s see, my had Mom killed herself, and my Dad had run off, and I was living in a Gremlin with a guy named Cindy who talked to his hand.
Phoebe: Yeah, well, everybody does! I’m a really cool person. And y'know you had 29 years to find that out, but you didn’t even try! Y'know what, you walked out on me, and I’m just, I’m gonna do the same thing to you.
Phoebe: I don’t ever want to see you again! 
Phoebe: (walking back in with her hand over her eyes.) Umm, where’s my purse?
Phoebe: Well, umm, my Mom’s friend, Phoebe, is actually my birth Mom.
Phoebe: Oh, my new Mom, who-who’s a big, fat abandoner! (starts to go upstairs)
Phoebe: No. I’m just, I wanna, I need to be alone.
Phoebe: (turning around, insistently) Monica!
Phoebe: Well, I’m ready to get the hell out of here! (Sees Ross and Rachel cuddling on the couch.) Oh. Are you? Are you?!! (they nod ‘Yes.’) Ohh! That’s so great!! Ooh, not for Bonnie. (they nod ‘No.’) But for you, yay! Ohh.
Phoebe: Okay, I’m gonna put this (her suitcase) in the car.
Phoebe: (to the person that answered the door) Hi, Ursula.
Phoebe: Okay, well umm, I know that we haven’t talked in a long time, but umm okay, our Mom is not our birth Mom. This-this other lady is our birth Mom.
Phoebe: (shocked) You know her?!
Phoebe: There-there was a suicide note?! (Ursula nods ‘Yes.’) Well, do you still have it?
Phoebe: I can’t believe you didn’t tell me there was a suicide note!
Phoebe: I, umm, shut up!
Phoebe: (reading from the note) “Good-bye Phoebe and Ursula. I’ll miss you. P.S. Your Mom lives in Montauk.” You just wrote this!
Phoebe: Noooo!!
Phoebe: No. I’m-I’m to depressed to talk.
Phoebe: (singing) “...fuchsia and mauvvve. Those are the 66 colours of my bedroommmm.” (applause) Thank you, thank you. Ohh, and I invite you to count the colours in your bedroom. (Sees that Phoebe Sr. has entered, and to her) Except for you. You go away.
Phoebe: Okay, bye.
Phoebe: No.
Phoebe: But, it’s not like we’re losing anything. Y'know?
Phoebe: It’s not like we-we know each other or anything. Or that have anything in common.
Phoebe: I-I like pizza!
Phoebe: Oh my God, so do I!
Phoebe: Wait-wait-wait, wait! Puppies. Cute or ugly?
Phoebe: Uh-huh, well! But umm, still I’m-I’m mad at you.
Phoebe: Well umm, do you wanna get something to eat? I’m kinda hungry.
Phoebe: All right, stop it. Now you’re just doing it to freak me out.
Phoebe: (screaming, angrily) ...DUMB, DRUNKEN, BITCH!!! (applause) (happily) Thank you, thanks.
Phoebe: Oh my God, you guys are selling the entertainment center?
Phoebe: Yeah, I actually don’t know...
Phoebe: Oh my God! No! Shoo! Kitty! No! No-no-no! Shoo! Come on, you! (goes over and picks up the cat) Come on. Crazy. (looks into the cat’s eyes) Oh my God.
Phoebe: Nothing. Nothing.
Phoebe: I just, I just have this really strong feeling that this cat is my Mother.
Phoebe: No, no-no, she was a human lady. This is the spirit of my Mom Lily, the one who killed herself.
Phoebe: No Dr. Skeptismo! I’m sure. First of all, okay, there’s the feeling. (Chandler shrugs) Okay, and for another, how about the fact that she went into my guitar case which is lined with orange felt. (Rachel nods her head in unsure agreement) My Mother’s favourite fish is Orange Roughy... (Joey thinks he understands, but then nods that he has no clue.) Cats....like....fish! (Ross and Rachel are totally lost) (to the cat) Hi, Mommy. (Rachel covers her mouth, in an “Oh my God.” gesture) Oh, I haven’t seen this smile in 17 years!
Phoebe: (is struggling with the cat) Stop it! Stop it! She keeps squirming, trying to get away! Just like when she was alive.
Phoebe: Well, I’m not sure. I mean, I guess until she y'know, gets used to the fact that there’s y'know, a new mom. Y'know, I think she’s worried that y'know, she’s gonna, she’s gonna be replaced. (to the cat, in a funny voice) Well, that’s not gonna happen is it? Noo. (gets up) Okay, I have to return a call in the other room.
Phoebe: Well, I’m returning a call from a certain mom at the B-E-A-C-H. I just spelled the wrong word. (goes into Monica’s room)
Phoebe: (entering, with Julio) Hi. (sits down in the chair)
Phoebe: Yeah?
Phoebe: So great. Oh, we took a nap today and my Mom fell asleep on my tummy and purred.
Phoebe: I just feel so, uhh.....
Phoebe: Oh yeah, your microwave. The stereo.
Phoebe: Yeah? (sees Ross) Hi!
Phoebe: Ohh. Um-hmm. But y'know, she choose to find me. I mean, I have to respect her decision. Right?
Phoebe: (she turns around and puts the cat on the entertainment center) Ross, how many parents have you lost?
Phoebe: Okay, then you don’t know what it feels like when one of them comes back. Do you? I believe this is my Mother. Even if I’m wrong, who cares? Just be a friend. Okay? Be supportive.
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: I think she would like that.
Phoebe: Thank you. We both forgive you.
Phoebe: Yeah, okay, listen, umm, Mom, I hope you know you still mean a lot to me. And you’re welcome to come back anytime.
Phoebe: Come on, Mom, I’ll take you home.
Phoebe: Okay, I didn’t hear that.
Phoebe: Wow! And hey, it’s cool if you’re a lesbian! (Gives her a thumbs up)
Phoebe: That’s weird.
Phoebe: Your nails.
Phoebe: Oh, no, I meant that it’s weird that you only have nine now.
Phoebe: Okay, don’t panic. I’m gonna go to the store, I’m gonna get you another set of nails, no one’s gonna know, and you’re gonna look great. (She runs over to get her coat.) Oh! Oh, it’s ‘cause they’re gonna eat—that’s the problem.
Phoebe: And! Whoever finds it wins the prize!
Phoebe: I don’t get it.
Phoebe: Op, the ruined quiches are ready.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: This used to be your room? (She nods ‘Yes’) Wow! You must’ve been in really good shape as a kid.
Phoebe: Well, who cares what your Mom thinks? So you pulled a Monica.
Phoebe: No but, why does that have to be a bad thing. Just change what it means. Y'know? Go down there and prove your Mother wrong. Finish the job you were hired to do, and we’ll call that pulling a Monica.
Phoebe: Okay, umm, if a kid gets straight A’s, his parents would say, "Yeah, he pulled a Monica." Y'know? Or a fireman saves a baby, and they go, "Yeah I know, he pulled a Monica." Or someone hits a homerun and the announcer says, "Yeah, that one’s outta here." Though some things don’t change.
Phoebe: Wow! My breasts are really strong. (She goes and joins Monica.)
Phoebe: They’re not even touching the lasagna!
Phoebe: Oh, they love your casserole.
Phoebe: It’s hard to believe that just a little while ago this was nothing but ingredients.
Phoebe: Umm, you might even say that she pulled a Monica. (They both look at her) (to Monica) She doesn’t know we switched it. (Monica nods her head ‘No.’)
Phoebe: Oh. 
Phoebe: Oh God, Korea is such a beautiful country.
Phoebe: Hey! New wallet, huh?
Phoebe: Oh please, somebody tell me I don’t have to go to work today!
Phoebe: Oh, my first massage today is this incredibly gorgeous guy, and every time I see him I just want to do things to him that I’m not allowed to charge for.
Phoebe: Oh no, it is forbidden! No-no, Mrs. Potter fires people for fooling around with clients. And it’s against my oath as a masseuse.
Phoebe: No, I made myself take an oath. Yeah, no fooling around with clients and umm, always be prepared. Yeah, that one’s actually from the Boy Scouts, but it just makes good sense.
Phoebe: No, I can handle it. No, I’m a professional. (She starts to leave)
Phoebe: I don’t what your talking about. (Laughs nervously and continues to leaqve)
Phoebe: Because it’s Arabian princess day at work! Okay?! Leave me alone!
Phoebe: These old things.
Phoebe: You mean the—Okay by siadic, you mean the towel covered portion.
Phoebe: Sure, yeah, no I can do that, yeah, because umm, y'know, the muscles in the siadic area can get y’know, real (lifts up the towel) nice and tight. So umm, tell me Rick, how umm, how did you injure the area.
Phoebe: Oh. (She goes to work, and her head slowly drops out of view.)
Phoebe: No!
Phoebe: (entering) Hey.
Phoebe: Ohh, you guys, remember that cute client I told you about? I bit him.
Phoebe: On the touchy.
Phoebe: No, I know! I-I’m sorry, but the moment I touch him, I just wanna throw out my old oath and take a new, dirty one.
Phoebe: (thinking to herself) Okay, baseball. Rick, playing baseball. Okay, slides into second, maybe even his pants come down a little… Oh no—wait no, no! No! Okay, all right, sandwiches, sandwiches. Umm, okay, on a plate, maybe Rick’s pants come down a little. No! No! Okay, Chandler! Okay Chandler, ooh, that’s working.
Phoebe: (thinking to herself) Chandler’s knees. Chandler’s… ankles. Chandler’s ankle hair. (notices the clock) Oh no. (to Rick) Okay, you’re all set.
Phoebe: Yeah! In… really long hour world.
Phoebe: Ugh, okay, I have an enormous crush on you. But because you’re a client, I can’t ask you out, even though you give me y’know, the feeling.
Phoebe: Really?!
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: (laughs) Okay, quit down. (they start to kiss again)
Phoebe: Oh yeah, oh and I know, but this isn’t what it looks like, ‘cause Rick is my ahh, husband.
Phoebe: Yes, I will tell her.
Phoebe: Hey! So I had a great day, Rick and I really hit it off, and we started making out, and then my boss walked in and fired me for being a whore.
Phoebe: It’s so weird, I have never been fired from anything before!
Phoebe: I just-I just started walking around not knowing what to do next, y’know? I-I started asking people on the street if they wanted massages. Then these policemen, thought I was a whore too. It’s been a really bad day, whore wise.
Phoebe: Yeah, they thought I was a whore.
Phoebe: Great! Thank you very much.
Phoebe: Thank you.
Phoebe: (entering) Oh.
Phoebe: (in a nasally voice, from her cold) But I'm unemployed, my music is all I really have now. Well music, and making my own shoes. (She puts her shoe on the table, and it's horribly decorated) Pretty, huh? (Sneezes)
Phoebe: Before I start, I just wanna say that umm, I have a cold, so if I sneeze in the middle of song, it's not on purpose. Oh, except the last verse of Pepper People. (Starts to sing) Smelly cat, smelly cat. What are they feeding you? (Stops singing) This chick sounds good. (Singing) Smelly cat, smelly--(stops singing) Hey Gunther, be a good little boy and bring me a whiskey.
Phoebe: (singing, drunk) My sticky shoes, my sticky-sticky shoes, why do you stick on me, ba-a-by! Thanks for the lights honey. 
Phoebe: It's fun, God I love how sexy I am. (Coughs really loudly.)
Phoebe: Well, I think it's great that the medical community is finally trying to help sick hamsters.
Phoebe: Yes, you do. Chandler loves Kathy.
Phoebe: So, I need to write some depressing stuff to go along with my new floozy voice, but nothing that sad has ever really happened to me.
Phoebe: Uh-huh. Oh, yeah, I could write about the time my hair did that "Woo-hoo" thing.
Phoebe: Hey.
Phoebe: Hi.
Phoebe: Wow, cute one!
Phoebe: Yeah, I should go to, `cause I'm playing in one hour. Hey, (clears her voice and in her normal voice) you guys should come hear me, ooh hear me. Ooh, (tries to sing) My sticky shoes--eww! Eww! I lost my sexy phlegm!
Phoebe: Okay, I wanna be sexy again so I'm trying to catch a cold. It should be easy, supposedly they're pretty common.
Phoebe: What?!
Phoebe: Well, how-how-how is that possible? You barely know her!
Phoebe: You mean you stole it! (Monica sneezes again) Don't cover your mouth when you do that!
Phoebe: (entering) Hi! It's me. And soup. (to Rachel) Hey, I just saw Josh, he looks so yummy in your leather jacket.
Phoebe: (to Monica) Here, now I don't eat chicken, so it's just noodle soup. And there's no chicken in the broth either, so it's really just... noodle water. 
Phoebe: (picking up Monica's used Kleenex and putting some in her pocket.) Sure.
Phoebe: But, I need your germs! I want my cold back! I miss my sexy voice.
Phoebe: It's okay. How's the soup?
Phoebe: (singing) Platting goats are platting. Platting down the street. Platting goats are platting, leaving little treats. (to Gunther) Does it even work without my sexy voice?
Phoebe: Gunther, kiss me.
Phoebe: (singing) And I'm still waiting for my paper mache man. Thank you my babies.
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe: Wow! Could everyone totally see up his robe?
Phoebe: (singing) "Little, tiny Tarzan, swinging on a nose hair. Swinging with the greatest of ease…" Darn it! Now, I don’t know who to get to the next verse.
Phoebe: Yeah, ooh, I like that! Yeah. Wait! How do you know about ‘bah-bah-bha-bhan?’
Phoebe: Oh yeah, that’s right, the keyboards, huh?
Phoebe: I wanna hear "The Sound."
Phoebe: Come on, play that funky music white boy.
Phoebe: Wow, it was so—wow!
Phoebe: What are you guys talking about, I loved it! It was soo moving. Oh, plus it’s just, it’s so different from the stuff you usually hear.
Phoebe: (pushing Monica back onto the couch) It’s so inspired! Look at him! Look at him go!
Phoebe: Oh no, I’m not playing tonight.
Phoebe: I can’t follow Ross! It’d be like those bicycle ridding chimps that followed The Beetles. No.
Phoebe: Oh my God, he’s not even appreciated in his own time. I would give anything to not be appreciated in my own time!
Phoebe: You guys. You suck too. (She hugs them both.)
Phoebe: Hey! You were really great! You were really, really great!
Phoebe: Well, kinda. Yeah. Yeah.
Phoebe: Yeah, I-I can’t—I mean y’know I was trying to be really y'know okay and upbeat about it, I just—I feel so dwarfed by your musical gift. I…
Phoebe: Oh no. No-no-no, don’t do that! How could I live with myself if I knew I was depriving the world of your music.
Phoebe: Does Joey know?
Phoebe: I think maybe, yeah.
Phoebe: Yeah! No, that’s right. And I thought it was a really good idea.
Phoebe: Oh my God, he’s lost it. He’s totally lost it.
Phoebe: After that? Yeah! No, I mean if I can help.
Phoebe: Look everyone, it’s the spirit of Thanksgiving!
Phoebe: Speaking of Christmas, umm since Monica and I are starting a new business and have like no money, umm, this year maybe we could do secret Santa, and then we each only buy one gift. And-and there’s the added mystery of who gets who.
Phoebe: I picked her! Oh thank God you want her! Ooh!
Phoebe: Because she exchanges every gift she ever gets, it’s like impossible to get her something she likes. Come on, let’s trade!
Phoebe: Ohh.
Phoebe: You don’t have to do that, Ross and Joey aren’t here, you can watch the parade if you want.
Phoebe: God, what happened?!
Phoebe: Open it up, let me see.
Phoebe: Ooh, God it looks bad.
Phoebe: Honey, you’ve got to go. What’s his office number?
Phoebe: (on phone) Hi! Yeah, I’m calling on behalf of Monica Geller’s eye, and is um, is Richard Burke in today. (Listens) (to Monica) He’s out of town, but does she want to see the on-call doctor?
Phoebe: Yes! She’s very excited about that.
Phoebe: This is so cool, ‘til Monica gets back, it’s like I’m head chef and I get to make all the decisions. (She looks at the remaining butter, and then decides to add it to the dish.)
Phoebe: Okay, get out of my kitchen!
Phoebe: All right I… I gotta call my mom and ask her a left handed cooking question.
Phoebe: Yeah, I can see where I’d be your best shot but, no. I’m sorry, but I think it’s twisted.
Phoebe: Yeah, but Monica, do you actually want to be in a relationship where you can actually use the phrase, "That’s not how your dad used to do it."
Phoebe: Oh, I’ll get it. (goes over to the door.)
Phoebe: Oh, he-he can’t talk right now.
Phoebe: He’s just trying to show Joey how much he means to him.
Phoebe: They were threefold.
Phoebe: Oh, she sees him! Oh, they’re hugging!
Phoebe: Oh, there they are!
Phoebe: All right, get a room.
Phoebe: Okay!
Phoebe: Okayyyyy, open up! 
Phoebe: Yeah, it’s for our catering business!
Phoebe: No, we’re gonna paint over the sword, and replace it with a baguette. 
Phoebe: And also, we don’t know what to do with this. (She turns on a switch and the girl’s nipples light up.)
Phoebe: Oh sure, Cilantro Larry.
Phoebe: How could you say yes, what about our catering business?
Phoebe: Oh, in that case—(hops up and down in joy)—Yay! (Monica looks confused) That was me hopping on board.
Phoebe: Wow! Okay, dude alert! And who is this guy?
Phoebe: Ohh! Oh, the Chelsea Reporter, ohh, this used to keep me so warm.
Phoebe: Oh, okay! (reading) "Would I go back to Allesandro’s? Sure, but I’d have to order two meals, one for me and one for the guy pointing the gun to my head." (to Monica) Wow! You really laid into this place.
Phoebe: Ooh, I gotta go. I found a guy that who could fix up the van for catering.
Phoebe: No-no, it’s okay. But are we sure we don’t want the waterbed?
Phoebe: Yeah, all right. (starts to leave)
Phoebe: Bye!
Phoebe: (on intercom) Hey, do you need to get in? Here you go.
Phoebe: Hey, Monica!
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: I don’t know, it would totally depend on her coloring and… (realizes) You got the job!!
Phoebe: Okay, is this the day of good news or what? I got us a job! The wedding reception.
Phoebe: But we’ve only had one job.
Phoebe: Yeah! What are you saying?
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: You’re the cook! With out you it’s just me driving up to people’s houses with empty trays and asking for money!
Phoebe: For what? I can’t believe this! I gotta get out of here. (leaves) 
Phoebe: Okay, I’m hearing.
Phoebe: What?!
Phoebe: I wa-I wa-I wa…
Phoebe: Monica! 
Phoebe: No.
Phoebe: No.
Phoebe: Really?! Are you sure?
Phoebe: Oh! It will be fun! Ohh! Yay! Oh! Okay, ooh, let’s plan the wedding reception. (She grabs the notebook which Monica used for her ideas and starts flipping page after page after page after page after page to find a blank one.) Wow! You really wanted me to do something with this van. (pause) Y’know what, I want you to take the chef job.
Phoebe: Yeah. That’s what you really want. Yeah, I don’t want to be the reason you’re unhappy, that would just make me unhappy, and I really don’t want to be the reason I’m unhappy.
Phoebe: Besides, it might be kinda fun to form the new A-Team.
Phoebe: Joey stuffing 15 Oreos in his mouth. (Joey, with an obvious mouth full, nods yes.)
Phoebe: Where were you?
Phoebe: Oh, which museum?
Phoebe: (just Phoebe) No, answer his.
Phoebe: Umm, that paper’s two weeks old. 
Phoebe: What’s wrong Mon?
Phoebe: Oh.
Phoebe: Hey, maybe they meant to write, ‘Quiet, bitch.’
Phoebe: Hey! You guys, I’m writing a holiday song for everyone. Do you want to hear it?
Phoebe: (singing) Happy Chanukah, Monica! May your Christmas be snowy, Joey! Happy New Year, Chandler and Ross. Spin the draddle, Rachel!
Phoebe: Oh, yay!
Phoebe: I know but it’s so hard! Nothing rhymes with your stupid name!
Phoebe: All good, thanks. (to Rachel) Do you maybe have a nickname have like a nickname that’s easier to rhyme?
Phoebe: Pumpkin? Yeah. But did he ever call you like, Budolph?
Phoebe: (shocked) You work with robots!!
Phoebe: No! No, the robots just work for them.
Phoebe: If she’s no fun, why do you want to date her at all?
Phoebe: Hey! Ooh, how was your first day working at the restaurant?
Phoebe: (singing) Happy, happy Chanukah, Chandler and Monica. Very merry…
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: So! Ross doesn’t really decorate his tree with floss, but you don’t hear him complaining do you? God! (Phoebe hits her guitar which wakes up Ross with a start.)
Phoebe: So, did you pick one yet?
Phoebe: Well look, you don’t really like the one from uptown and you’re too exhausted from dating the one up in Poughkeepsie, so I say you just end them both. Okay? You take a train up to Poughkeepsie and break up with her, and on your way back you break up with uptown. And then by the time you get home tonight, you’re done!
Phoebe: Umm, well I had a similar problem when I lived in Prague.
Phoebe: There’s sooo much you don’t know.
Phoebe: (singing) "Went to the store, sat on Santa's lap.                                 Asked him to bring my friends all kind of crap.                                 Said all you need is to write them a song.                                 They haven't heard it, so don't try and sing along.                                 No, don't sing along.
Phoebe: Oh my God! I can’t believe my little brother is married!
Phoebe: You guys, why didn’t you tell me you were eloping?
Phoebe: Wait, wait, why were you at the courthouse? 
Phoebe: Wow, a year and a half ago I didn’t even know I had a brother, and now I have a sister too. (They all hug, and Frank and Alice start kissing.) Okay. Okay. Stop it, don’t. So, I gotta get you a gift now. Is there anything you need?
Phoebe: (shocked) That’s a really nice gift. I was thinking of like a gravy boat.
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!!
Phoebe: Guess what. Frank Jr., and Alice got married!
Phoebe: And! And, they’re gonna have a baby! (The gang is shocked.) And! And, they want me to grow it for them in my uterus. (The gang is stunned into silence.)
Phoebe: Yeah
Phoebe: Ewww! And "Oh no!" It’s—they just want me to be the surrogate. It’s her-it’s her egg and her sperm, and I’m-I’m just the oven, it’s totally their bun. 
Phoebe: Well, they said that I had to think about it first, but what is there to think about? I’m gonna be giving them the greatest gift you can possibly give.
Phoebe: I know!
Phoebe: Yeah, what’s your point?
Phoebe: Y'know you guys were a lot more supportive when I wanted to make denim furniture.
Phoebe: My mom never gave birth. Oh! But my birth mom did.
Phoebe: Hi!
Phoebe: I’m sorry, I’m late.
Phoebe: Wow! You really go all out when you’re expecting company.
Phoebe: Oh! Ooh! Oh, I didn’t know that you did…pot.
Phoebe: Ooh, erotiery!
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: Why not?
Phoebe: Oh no! No-no! I understand the pain! Don’t-don’t hurt the puppy.
Phoebe: Oh, I get a puppy!!
Phoebe: Why?
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: All right, I’m sorry.
Phoebe: Ooh, y’know what, I think it’s time for puppy to go out again. Come on, let’s go to the balcony.
Phoebe: Umm, the street. Come on, let’s go to the street. Ooh, listen, don’t go onto the balcony until after I get back. (Leaves)
Phoebe: My mom’s gonna be here any minute. I can’t do this, I can’t give him up. Yes—no, I can. I don’t want to. But I can. No.
Phoebe: Ooh, I can’t do this. My mom was right. If I can’t-if I can’t give him up, then there’s no way I can give up a baby. Ohh, God, Frank and Alice are gonna be so crushed. What-what else, what else can I give ‘em—a kidney!
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: Oh! Ooh! Umm!
Phoebe: Hey, why don’t you?
Phoebe: Uh-huh, yeah!
Phoebe: No, I’m really okay with this. Y’know why? ‘Cause look at them, and I made that, so… I know it’s gonna be like a million times harder to give up a baby but, oh my God, it’s gonna feel like a million times better, right? I wanna do this. (To Frank and Alice) I wanna carry your baby.
Phoebe: Oh, I-I gave them the puppy and it made them so happy that I decided I’m gonna carry their baby.
Phoebe: No-no-no, I know, but you and I are different people though, and this is a totally different situation, and I know that I am not gonna regret this.
Phoebe: Oh!
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: You guys you really should get rid of those animals. They shouldn’t be living in an apartment.
Phoebe: All right. I’m gonna go to the fertility doctor and um, see if I’m ready to have Frank and Alice’s embryo transferred into my uterus.
Phoebe: Oh, they’re just gonna umm, look to see if my endometria layer is thick.
Phoebe: Okay everyone, think thick.
Phoebe: Hi! Wish me luck!
Phoebe: Oh! I knew it! I knew it! I felt really thick this morning.
Phoebe: Embryossss? As in, "More than one?"
Phoebe: Five? Okay, where am I giving birth, a hospital or a big box under the stairs?
Phoebe: That’s it! 25 percent? That means that’s it’s like 75 percent chance of no baby at all!
Phoebe: Okay, well y’know what, don’t worry you guys, ‘cause I’m-I’m gonna do this as many times as it takes to get it right.
Phoebe: Whoa!! That—okay, that’s a lot of pressure on me and my uterus. (to Dr. Zane) So, well okay, so is there—is maybe is there something that I can do y’know just to like help make sure I get pregnant?
Phoebe: Wow! You guys really don’t know anything!
Phoebe: Hello, tiny embryos. Well, I’m-I’m Phoebe Buffay, hi! I’m-I’m-I’m hoping to be your uterus for the next nine months. You should know, that we’re doing this for Frank and Alice, who you know, you’ve been there! Umm, y’know they want you so much, so when you guys get in there, really grab on. Okay, and-and I promise that I’ll keep you safe and warm until you’re ready to have them take you home, so… Oh! And also, umm next time you see me, I’m screaming, don’t worry, that’s what’s supposed to happen.
Phoebe: Uh-huh. (To the embryos) Good luck.
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!
Phoebe: Umm, yeah, uh-huh, they’re implanted.
Phoebe: Well, freaked. ‘Cause it turns out that the odds are really sucky. And! This is Frank and Alice’s like only shot. Like, they are literally putting all of their eggs in my basket.
Phoebe: All right, I’m gonna go take a pregnancy test, right now.
Phoebe: Well the doctor says it takes a couple days, but my body’s always been a little faster than Western medicine. 
Phoebe: Nope, not knocked up yet.
Phoebe: Yeah, all right. Meanwhile, I’m gonna do whatever I can to help this so, I’m just gonna y’know, lie it your chair, (She climbs into the chair and drapes her feet over the back of the chair.) Y'know? Yeah, good, I’m let gravity y’know, do its jobs.
Phoebe: (singing) "Are you in there little fetus?                               In nine will you come great us?                               I will buy you some Adidas."
Phoebe: Oh. Oh.
Phoebe: All right, I will. No, I will. But umm, y’know just remember that it’s still really early, okay so, if it says that I’m not pregnant, that doesn’t mean that I’m not gonna get pregnant, okay and, and just please, just so I don’t go completely nuts, just try not put all your hopes on this.
Phoebe: Great. (Goes to take the test.)
Phoebe: You guys! You guys! You’re gonna have a baby! They’re gonna have a baby!
Phoebe: Okay, but this can’t be good for the baby.
Phoebe: Oh, hey, Mon, do you still have your like old blouses and dresses from high school?
Phoebe: Well, it’s just that maternity clothes are so expensive.
Phoebe: Personal shopping? What is that? Like where you walk around with snooty rich people and tell them what to buy?
Phoebe: That sounds great!
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Ooh! How was Kathy’s play?
Phoebe: That’s a good idea for a business!
Phoebe: Hey, Mel Gibson and Clint Eastwood.
Phoebe: Oh-okay, I get the game now.
Phoebe: Oh. (Joey flips the pancake and Phoebe catches it and throws it on her plate.)
Phoebe: Rachel has a new doll.
Phoebe: Ooh, what do I smell?
Phoebe: Ooh! (They all go over to her apartment)
Phoebe: What? What?
Phoebe: (getting up) Well, I hate to eat and run, but…
Phoebe: Yeah, I don’t need it.
Phoebe: Well, why did you make like a whole big thing out of y'know, everyone has to hang out in the big apartment?
Phoebe: If you wanted to punish them, you should’ve just made them hang out here! 
Phoebe: Oh, are we gonna trash that place?
Phoebe: Wait a minute.
Phoebe: Why don’t you ask him out?
Phoebe: He just got a divorce right? 
Phoebe: So he’s probably really nervous around women, y'know? Maybe, you just have to make the first move.
Phoebe: (shocked) You’ve never asked a guy out?!!
Phoebe: Thousands of times!! That doesn’t make me sound too good does it?
Phoebe: Oh, please!
Phoebe: I’ve never done that.
Phoebe: No, sorry.
Phoebe: Great!
Phoebe: Oh did you—what did you—did you work for two days straight?
Phoebe: Oh good!
Phoebe: How? How is your fault?
Phoebe: (holding a lure) So now, what is this now?
Phoebe: (laughs and picks up another lure) And this?
Phoebe: (laughs harder) You make it so funny.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: I would, but I get my morning sickness in the evening. 
Phoebe: Unless! She wants to spend the night holding my hair back for me.
Phoebe: Don’t you just love the way they talk?!
Phoebe: Ohh!
Phoebe: It kicked! I think the baby kicked!
Phoebe: Oh no wait, oh no, the elastic on my underwear busted.
Phoebe: Why?
Phoebe: Ohh! So, did you get to meet her?
Phoebe: (going over to comfort her) Aww, Pheebs.
Phoebe: That’s short for Phoebe?! I thought that was just what we called each other!
Phoebe: Shhh!! Please! What’s he saying?
Phoebe: What? Oh my God!
Phoebe: Well, look, why don’t you just, why don’t you do your Phase Two strip club thing with us.
Phoebe: Come on! Let us be guys! Maybe we want to be guys!
Phoebe: Y’know you, you just stop being such a wuss and get those off and you come with us and watch naked girls dance around!!
Phoebe: I’m sorry. (Goes and hugs him)
Phoebe: Oh, no umm, hi, that-that, you have to put that out, ‘cause I’m pregnant.
Phoebe: Ha-ha, it’s not my baby, ha-ha-ha! (He leaves.)
Phoebe: (doing the same) I really, really enjoyed it. Very exotic.
Phoebe: Come on! Look where you are!!
Phoebe: Remember, a virgin for me please.
Phoebe: Well, if you think it will help.
Phoebe: You should! How is she?
Phoebe: Who, Josh?
Phoebe: Oh no! Wait! Wait! Okay, y’know what, you were right, you were right. We really weren’t great at being guys, but you know why? Because we’re girls.
Phoebe: And do you know what girls are really good at?
Phoebe: No, listening! Sit! Y’know, maybe it would just really, really help if you would just talk.
Phoebe: Yeah, I really liked that fighter pilot one.
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: Oh! What is that? What is that?
Phoebe: Hey—ooh so, how was Vermont?
Phoebe: I-I wanna be with her, (points to the stripper next to her) I like her.
Phoebe: Ohhh, wow.
Phoebe: What?! I thought you were crazy about her!
Phoebe: Yep!
Phoebe: Oh my God, that’s so freaky! Turn him off!!
Phoebe: Ooh, hey, could we put on the news? I think it might be raining.
Phoebe: (whispering to Ross) Janice.
Phoebe: Yeah, I know, I do that ‘cause it makes me look taller.
Phoebe: Well, why are you doing this anyway?
Phoebe: You’re kidding! And he plays rugby?! That’s so funny. (Realises) Ohh! I see how you did that. All right.
Phoebe: (to the player) Hi.
Phoebe: Whoa! (The player leaves and to Joey) I kinda liked it.
Phoebe: No offence but, y’know sometimes it’s hard to understand you, y’know with the accent, so…
Phoebe: Oh, poor baby.
Phoebe: She’s right! You have to stop!
Phoebe: Now, are you sure you don’t want to go see a doctor?
Phoebe: Ooh, ice! I am so in the mood for ice! (They go and get the coffee and the ice leaving Ross and Emily alone.)
Phoebe: See? I’m doing it. I am totally doing it. (Suddenly it stops working.) I lost it.
Phoebe: I-I can’t find anything that I want to eat! Everything I eat makes me nauseous! I’m telling you, being pregnant is no piece of cake—ooh! Cake! (Chandler shrugs, and Phoebe grimaces.) No.
Phoebe: God! Ooh! What is that smell? It’s coming from the bathroom. Ooh! (She goes to the bathroom.)
Phoebe: It’s me. It’s Phoebe. Listen there’s something in here I want to eat, what-what smells so good?
Phoebe: (she smells his head) No!
Phoebe: Yes. Yes. Yes. I can’t believe it! The baby wants bologna! Maybe he wants me to eat meat? I can’t eat meat!
Phoebe: (angered by the rubbing) Yes! I know! I know! Yeah! So the baby is totally craving meat. This afternoon I tried tricking it, I made it a soy-burger to make it think it was getting meat, y’know? And I got nauseous.
Phoebe: Being pregnant is tough on your tummy.
Phoebe: That’s sweat. You throw up all morning, you’ll have that glow too.
Phoebe: Ooh, yeah. Then what are you going to put on top of that?
Phoebe: Ooh yeah! Then umm, what goes on top of the salami?
Phoebe: Oooh, yeah. You’re a genius.
Phoebe: Oh my God!! The baby just kicked!
Phoebe: Y’know it doesn’t matter how much I’m craving it. Y’know why I’m never gonna eat meat? Because it’s murder, cold blooded murder.
Phoebe: I can’t help it. I need the meat. The baby needs the meat.
Phoebe: Yeah, totally!
Phoebe: Yeah, but at what cost? Six more months, three meals a day, I’m gonna eat like, y’know millions of cows.
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: Joey, I can’t believe you would do that for me.
Phoebe: Pastrami.
Phoebe: Hm-mm, corn beef.
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: Six months.
Phoebe: Not if I get there first.
Phoebe: (entering, carrying her massage table) Hi!
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: Ohh, I’m getting too pregnant for this, lugging around a stupid massage table. Y’know, I have to find a job where I carrying a smaller table. (She goes over and stands in front of the TV.)
Phoebe: You mean like a doctor?
Phoebe: Ohh! (She moves.) Oh my. Oh, that reminds me, I have to see my OB-GYN today.
Phoebe: Oh my God!
Phoebe: Why don’t take care of this one, and should I get pregnant again, I’ll hold onto your card, okay?
Phoebe: Three? You guys were worried I wouldn’t even have one!
Phoebe: Well, yeah.
Phoebe: Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God!! So I-I mean so in a few months I’m going to have three full grown babies just walkin’ around inside me?! Oh! Oh! And it’s gonna be one of those log rides where they just come shooting out!
Phoebe: What do you know?!
Phoebe: Ooh! Hi!
Phoebe: Oh well, okay, hey, y’know how when you’re umm, you’re walking down the street and you see three people in a row, and you say, "Oh, that’s nice?"
Phoebe: Okay, yeah well, good news, you’re going to have three babies.
Phoebe: Oh God, I’m so glad you guys are happy, I was so afraid you were going to be all freaked.
Phoebe: No, no maybe ‘cause it’s harder to raise them, and the added expense, and…
Phoebe: No, back to happy. Back to happy!
Phoebe: No you can’t quit college! No! You’re in college? Really?
Phoebe: You can’t give up on your dream.
Phoebe: Hey.
Phoebe: Well, Frank has to quit college because his super fertile sister is having three babies! I need to make a lot of money really fast, and I had an idea that I want to talk to you (Points to Chandler) about, ‘cause you work for a big company. Okay, insider trading, what information is there that you can give me.
Phoebe: (entering carrying a case) Ooh, good, you’re hear! Okay.
Phoebe: Hi!
Phoebe: Oh this, well I’m glad you asked. (She opens the case and removes a knife and an soda can.) Now, don’t you hate it when you have to cut a tin can with an ordinary steak knife? (She efficiently cuts it in half.) Ahh! Now, I know what you’re thinking…
Phoebe: No!
Phoebe: No!
Phoebe: No-no, I know that, but I just have to make enough money for the second part of my plan.
Phoebe: My Saturn dealership.
Phoebe: Ooh-Ooh! I did it! I did it! I figured out a way to make money! I’m gonna open up my own massage place and Frank’s gonna help me! And! We can work it around his schedule so he doesn’t have to quit school!
Phoebe: I’m telling it! I’m telling it!
Phoebe: Okay. You know how people need transportation, but they also need massages to help them relax so I just figured we could combine the two, okay, I give the massages and Frank drives! I can fix up the van, bolt the table in the back, and you know what I’ve got?
Phoebe: No! Think about it, it’s a taxi that people take when they need to relax, it’s…
Phoebe: The name was my favourite part!
Phoebe: YOU DID NOT!!!! Oh! No! You came up with Relaxi Cab! That’s not good.
Phoebe: Hey, tell him about Relaxi-Taxi, and-and ask him if he thinks that’s better than Relaxi Cab.
Phoebe: Oh, that is better.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: (not amused) Ha-ha. (She sits down on the couch.) No, it’s just I’m so pregnant that I—my guitar doesn’t fit anymore. So I thought ‘til I’m not, I’m just gonna play all my songs on this drum. It sounds really cool!
Phoebe: Listen. Listen. (She starts to play and sing.) Smelly cat, smelly cat, what are they feeding you? 
Phoebe: I know! I know, and I’ve only been playing for like an hour!
Phoebe: Hey! What are you doing here?
Phoebe: Oh, well, don’t tell me you want to keep more of your stuff in my uterus.
Phoebe: Wow! That’s so great! Oh! Oh! Cougar.
Phoebe: Hi!
Phoebe: Ugh! No! This is so hard! I went through this whole book (Holds up a book) and found nothing! I want a name that’s really like, y’know strong and confident, y’know? Like-like Exxon. 
Phoebe: No, I’m-I’m not sure about Hulk, but I like the idea of a name starting with "The."
Phoebe: Well, I, I like the idea of naming him after someone I love, and Joey and Chandler are great names. (They both stare at her.) But, all right, I don’t—maybe I’ll just name him The Hulk.
Phoebe: God, Susan is so fun!
Phoebe: Yeah, I definitely. I don’t like the name Ross.
Phoebe: No! No! I-I meant for the baby!
Phoebe: Well, it’s just y’know that something like this would never to like The Hulk, y’know…
Phoebe: So, I decided I’m definitely going to go with either Joey or Chandler.
Phoebe: Well, how about a compromise then, okay? What if it’s like y’know, Chanoey?
Phoebe: All right, so, what are we supposed to call you?
Phoebe: Umm, Gene.
Phoebe: Bye, Gene.
Phoebe: Oh my God!
Phoebe: Wow, Carol really messed you up!
Phoebe: Yeah, she turned you into this-this-this untrusting, crazy, jealous, sycophant. (They all look at her.) All right, so I don’t know what sycophant means, but the rest is right.
Phoebe: All right, all right, so up until ‘92-93 he was very trusting, then ’94 hit, Carol left him and bamn! Paranoid city!
Phoebe: Yeah. The ’92 Ross wouldn’t.
Phoebe: Drum roll.
Phoebe: You’re actually going through with this?
Phoebe: You got problems because of you! Not your name! All right, this has got to stop! Chandler is a great name! In fact—yes, (To Joey) I’m, I’m sorry. I know you really wanted me to name the baby Joey, but eh, so, I’m-I’m, I’m gonna, I’m gonna name the baby Chandler.
Phoebe: Yeah, but you have to keep the name too!
Phoebe: Okay!
Phoebe: Yeah!
Phoebe: Yay! 
Phoebe: Yay—oh—yay! Okay, I gotta go tell Frank and Alice! Right now!
Phoebe: Ooh, uh… (She grabs her coat and runs out.)
Phoebe: Okay, bye! 
Phoebe: (entering, wearing Santa pants) Hello!
Phoebe: Excuse me.
Phoebe: Oh, yeah! You like ‘em? I just, I went to a used clothes store and got a bunch of maternity stuff. These are sooo comfortable!
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: Nuh-uh! They’re maternity pants. They even came with a list of baby names. (Pulls out a sheet of paper which lists who’s been naughty and who’s been nice.) See, these names are good, and these names are bad. (Finally, she figures it out.) Ohh.
Phoebe: I don’t know! How are the-the-the-the, y’know—You’re clothes aren’t funny.
Phoebe: Boy! I didn’t see that coming!
Phoebe: That’s too hard. Too hard!
Phoebe: Hey, so? Are you gonna do it?
Phoebe: Or you could end up with everything.
Phoebe: Ooh, this is so exciting! Ooh, God, what are you going to bet?
Phoebe: Okay. Umm, ooh, ooh—oh, I have a game!
Phoebe: This is great!
Phoebe: Oh, well, it doesn’t have a name—oh, okay, Phoebeball! No, it doesn’t have a name. Umm, okay, Monica, what is your favourite thing about trees?
Phoebe: Good! Good! Five points!
Phoebe: All right, Joey, same question.
Phoebe: Ooh, three points. Both fine answers, but we were looking for leafy, leafy.
Phoebe: Oh, I have cards!
Phoebe: Yeah! Here! (She grabs a deck out of her purse) Oh no, these are the trick deck. Okay. Here yes. Okay.
Phoebe: What make you think I can?! (Shields her eyes from it.)
Phoebe: I don’t know. Ooh! Ooh! Look it! (She fans out the trick deck.) Ah-ha!
Phoebe: (opening the door) I had nothing to do with it. (Closes the door.) (Opens the door.) Okay, it was my idea, but I don’t feel good about it.
Phoebe: That’s so funny to think if you’d just done that right after the last contest, no one would have had to move at all.
Phoebe: Okay, scarf’s done. (It’s not really a scarf, it’s just a bunch of yarn that Phoebe has tied together. Just then, Ross and Emily enter dragging with them Joey and Chandler.)
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: What? Oh, are you pregnant too?!
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Oh, the Olympics.
Phoebe: I still cannot believe you’re engaged! (Ross looks at her) Just ‘cause its happening so fast; not ‘cause you’re such a loser. 
Phoebe: Already?!
Phoebe: Yeah, but y’know, about have of these are gonna end up getting divorced.
Phoebe: You’re the most beautiful bride I’ve ever seen.
Phoebe: No-no, let me in!
Phoebe: Yeah!
Phoebe: No, you have to let me in right now!!
Phoebe: Yes!
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: (catching it) I got it! Mine! (They both hug)
Phoebe: Thank you!
Phoebe: Okay! (Gets into position) Okay, ready?
Phoebe: Okay. (Phoebe turns and throws it on the couch.)
Phoebe: I’m not gonna right to you! That’s not real!
Phoebe: Yeah, I think we are.
Phoebe: Well, at least you didn’t rent yours from a store called, "It’s Not Too Late."
Phoebe: Me too.
Phoebe: Me too.
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: Yay!
Phoebe: I hate my regular clothes now! Y’know? I look down and-and I know that this isn’t gonna be the most special day of my life.
Phoebe: I guess.
Phoebe: Oh my God! 
Phoebe: Oh, you’re such a cheater!
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Oh, how’d that happen?
Phoebe: What is that?
Phoebe: Oh, how did it go?
Phoebe: What did he say?
Phoebe: Yeah, maybe.
Phoebe: Any luck?
Phoebe: (looks at Monica) Hey, y’know what might cheer you up?
Phoebe: No, yeah! The groom cannot see the bride!
Phoebe: Not after this!
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!
Phoebe: What-what’s up?
Phoebe: Really?! I looked into that. Yeah, but, I mean it costs like $60,000 and y’know you can die. And, you would die!
Phoebe: So you guys’ll stay here and hang out with me?
Phoebe: Oooh look! Isn’t this adorable, Ross let Ben address mine!
Phoebe: Hey! Hey, did you get your invitation to Ross’s wedding?
Phoebe: I’m so jealous you’re all going! I can’t believe I never knew that you can’t fly in your third trimester!
Phoebe: Remembered what?
Phoebe: Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.
Phoebe: See, he's her lobster.
Phoebe: (angrily) That’s like the tenth time I’ve peed since I’ve been here!
Phoebe: Yeah, oh I’m sorry, it must be really hard to hear! I tell ya, it’s a lot easier having three babies play Bringing in the Noise, Bringing in da Funk on your bladder! I’m so sick of being pregnant! The only happiness I get is from a cup of coffee, which of course is decaf, ‘cause—Oh! I’m pregnant!
Phoebe: (starting to cry) Thank you so much.
Phoebe: I haven’t really had any yet.
Phoebe: (to her babies) Stop it!
Phoebe: One of the babies is kicking.
Phoebe: It’s not kicking me, it’s kicking one of the other babies. Oh (looks down her dress)! Don’t make me come in there!
Phoebe: Hey!! Get your ass back here, Tribbiani!! (Joey walks back in, scared.)
Phoebe: I can’t believe I’m gonna have a party! This is so great! (Really excited) A party! (Really, really excited) Yay!! (Suddenly, she starts crying and Rachel moves to comfort her.) I don’t know why.
Phoebe: What the hell is this?! What, did you actually thought it would make me feel better to give me stuff that I can’t use for another two months?! This sucks! All right, what’s my next present?!
Phoebe: Hi, guys.
Phoebe: I-I wanted to apologise if I—y’know seemed a tad edgy yesterday at my shower. Y’know it’s just the hormones, y’know.
Phoebe: Anyway, I just wanted to say thank you, it was just, it was so sweet. (She goes to hug them and they both flinch, thinking that Phoebe is about to attack them.)
Phoebe: Good. Y’know—no-no, okay, it’s-it feels like everything’s been about me lately, so what’s happening with you?
Phoebe: Oh!
Phoebe: Wow! This reminds me of the time when I was umm, living on the street and this guy offered to buy me food if I slept with him.
Phoebe: Well, let’s see, it’s not. Really, like that. Because, you see that was an actual problem, and uh, yours is just like y’know a bunch of y’know high school crap that nobody really gives y’know…
Phoebe: Alrighty, here come the water works. (Rachel starts crying harder.)
Phoebe: (sips it) It’s so good. (Monica and Rachel breath a sigh of relief.) Oh, thanks.
Phoebe: (sets the cup down) Oh! (Grabs her stomach in pain.)
Phoebe: Oh! No, I-I think I just had a contraction.
Phoebe: Yeah, I thought I had one a couple of minutes ago, and now I know that was definitely one.
Phoebe: No. It’s all right; it’s probably false labour. They said that, that can happen near the end, just somebody get the book.
Phoebe: Well, do you see any babies?
Phoebe: Okay, I guess. I mean… I don’t know, it’s just, I guess I know it’s going to be over soon.
Phoebe: I know. It’s just y’know usually when you’re, when you’re done with the pregnant thing, y’know, then you get to do the mom thing. I’m gonna be y’know, sitting around in my leather pants, drinking Tequila.
Phoebe: Okay that’s even sadder. Look, I know, I know what I got myself into, it’s just that now that they’re in me it’s like, it’s like I know them y’know, I mean-I mean, it’s just not gonna be easy when these little babies have to go away.
Phoebe: Yeah, okay.
Phoebe: Cool Aunt Phoebe. I am pretty cool!
Phoebe: They are gonna love me.
Phoebe: Thanks you guys! Again.
Phoebe: You’re the best. Thanks. Oh! 
Phoebe: Just kidding. Ahh!
Phoebe: Got cha again, you guys are so easy.
Phoebe: Yeah, my mom used to put her head in the oven. Well, actually, she only did it the one time. But it was pretty weird.
Phoebe: Okay, okay, but Rachel’s gonna be here too, can’t I just ask her this stuff?
Phoebe: Ohhh, I wanna come over there and give you a hug and wish you luck on your wedding, but I don’t—can’t get up.
Phoebe: Great! Yeah, could you bring me the newspaper?
Phoebe: Oh, have a great wedding!
Phoebe: Oh, hey, Chandler I wanna hug you too!
Phoebe: Oh, and great! You might as well bring me my book, it’s on the counter in your apartment.
Phoebe: (laughs) Thank you.
Phoebe: Thank you. (She pats him on his head.)
Phoebe: Oh, do you need a hug? You don’t have to bring me anything!
Phoebe: Oh. Oh.
Phoebe: Oh, no. Oh, nothing.
Phoebe: Okay, I have a wedgie.
Phoebe: So-so, what do you want for lunch?
Phoebe: Yeah, I do. What’s the matter?
Phoebe: Eh, don’t be so hard on yourself. If someone I was still in love with was getting married…
Phoebe: Yeah!
Phoebe: Oh. No. No. Good! Yeah, me neither.
Phoebe: We thought you knew!
Phoebe: Yeah, we all know! We talk about it all the time!
Phoebe: Oh no, Ross doesn’t know anything.
Phoebe: Well, because we thought you knew!! It’s so obvious! God, that would be like telling Monica, "Hey, you like things clean."
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: So, did shopping make you feel any better about Ross?
Phoebe: Well, I think I can help you get over him.
Phoebe: Yeah. I just need you to bring me some photos of Ross.
Phoebe: And a small piece of chocolate.
Phoebe: And a glass of tepid water. (She gathers up all of these things.)
Phoebe: Uh, only if you have the hiccups too. Yeah, the pictures are for you, the water and the chocolate is for me. I just didn’t feel like getting up. Okay, I’m gonna show you a picture of Ross. Okay? And you’re going to remember all of the bad things about him. All right? Really focus on his flaws.
Phoebe: Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I love Ross, I think he’s such a great guy. Here. (Hands her the picture, Rachel grabs it out of her hand.) Okay, now, close your eyes. And imagine that you’re with Ross okay and imagine that you’re kissing him. And you’re-you’re running your hands all over his body. And then you run your hands through his hair, but eew-oh gross it’s some kind of grease, it’s—uck! Hah?
Phoebe: Okay, this is going to be harder than I thought. Umm, let’s try some uh, aversion therapy.
Phoebe: Okay?
Phoebe: So uh, now look at the picture…
Phoebe: All right, and umm… (She grabs the picture and smacks her in the head.) 
Phoebe: Okay, how do you feel now?
Phoebe: Hello.
Phoebe: Hey, Joey! Hey! Ooh! Ooh! I just say someone on the—that looks just like you on the subway. And I was gonna go over and say ‘hi!’ but then I figured, he doesn’t care if he looks like you.
Phoebe: Ohh, they’re having a great time with their Aunt Phoebe! Aunt Rachel hasn’t been helpful at all. So, do you miss me?
Phoebe: So you’re not homesick yet?
Phoebe: All right, the seven of us miss you.
Phoebe: Y’know, me, Rachel, the birds, the babies…
Phoebe: Ooh, the pizza guy’s here!
Phoebe: Yeah. But y’know we were thinking about you, y’know we ordered the Joey Special.
Phoebe: Yep! Okay, gotta go, talk to you later.
Phoebe: Yeah?
Phoebe: Yeah, it’s in the guys’ apartment under the sink. Why?
Phoebe: What?! What do you mean you’re going to London?
Phoebe: I—Rachel, you can’t go! Ross loves Emily!
Phoebe: That’s not why you’re going! You’re going because you hope he’s gonna say, "Yeah, I love you too, Rach. Forget that British chippy."
Phoebe: No! Because he’s in love with the British chippy! Look, Rachel, if you go, you’re just gonna mess with his head and ruin his wedding! Y’know, it’s too late! You missed you’re chance! I’m sorry, I know this must be really hard, it’s over.
Phoebe: I do! I do! I do! (Chases her into the hall, but Rachel doesn’t stop.) I do! (Gives up.) Ugh, like I can really chase you. I’m carrying a litter.
Phoebe: Oh...yes..is this..umm..Emily’s Parents’ house.
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: (On the phone, in New York) Uh, hello, this is Ross Geller’s personal physician, Dr. Philange.
Phoebe: Yeah, I’ve discovered that Ross forgot to take his brain medicine, uh, now without it, uh, in the brain of Ross, uh women’s names are interchangeable, through-through no fault of his own.
Phoebe: No, not Phoebe, Dr. Philange. Oh no! You have it too!
Phoebe: Hello?
Phoebe: Hi, so what happened?
Phoebe: Yeah, I know, but I don’t think that means anything.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: (To Joey) You ate meat! (Joey is shocked) (To Chandler and Monica) You had sex! (They’re shocked.)
Phoebe: I know you didn’t, I was talking about Monica.
Phoebe: This pregnancy is throwing me all off.
Phoebe: Oh, me too!
Phoebe: Oh right, maybe I’ll just go home. 
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!
Phoebe: I have to tell you this story. Okay, I was coming over here and this driver…
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: Oh. Ha-ha-ha. All right, anyway…
Phoebe: Yeah, so, he had a really funny hat—I don't want to talk about it.
Phoebe: So you still hadn't heard from Emily?
Phoebe: London is stupid! Stupid!
Phoebe: Oh… No, I did that for someone once and I'm not comfortable having that kind of power and control over someone's life.
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!
Phoebe: (Grabs the pictures) Oh! Here we all are! Yeah, there's Ross and Joey and you and me. (She picks up a magic marker and draws herself in. Monica can't watch.)
Phoebe: No. I'm sorry. It's just 'cause I couldn't be there. 'Cause all I ever get to do now is pregnant stuff, it just bums me out.
Phoebe: Well, it felt French.
Phoebe: Yeah?
Phoebe: Yeah?
Phoebe: Ohh, that's so nice! How great! Well, where? Where's the trip?!
Phoebe: (excited) Central…(not so excited) Park!
Phoebe: That sucks! That's not a trip! I just came from the park! What are we gonna high five about at the stupid Central Park? "Well, it's right by my house, all right!" 
Phoebe: That's fine, just don't bring it in my mouth.
Phoebe: Okay, woo! Hi.
Phoebe: Ooh, Atlantic City! Oh, that's a great plan! Who's plan was that?
Phoebe: Okay! Ooh-ahh, I'm gonna go pack. I'm gonna go pack my ass off!
Phoebe: Atlantic City, baby! Let's roll some bones! Hey Joey, high-five for rolling bones! 
Phoebe: All right. Well, don't worry, I call shotgun! (She starts out the door.)
Phoebe: Wait, wait, remember when my water broke? (They all high-five again.)
Phoebe: (to the nurse) Hi.
Phoebe: Hi, yeah, hi! I'm umm, Phoebe Buffay, and I have babies coming out of me.
Phoebe: Not yet. Umm, I heard they really hurt, do they hurt?
Phoebe: Oh my God!
Phoebe: Oh no, none of them are the father. The father is my brother.
Phoebe: Oh, okay, umm, hi kids! Um, it's me, Aunt Phoebe. I can't wait to see you. Please don't hurt me! 
Phoebe: (standing up) Okay, so umm, somebody has to call Frank and Alice. (As she is talking Joey is sticking the camera under her skirt.) And then my mom wants to know-(notices Joey)-Joey, what are you doing?!
Phoebe: What?!
Phoebe: Oh my God, she's so stupid!
Phoebe: That's easy for you to say, I don't see three kids coming out your vagina!
Phoebe: All right—Ooh! Oh dead God, save me! 
Phoebe: I'm having my first contraction!
Phoebe: Ooh, it's not bad.
Phoebe: Ooh, it's sympathy pains. Ohh, that's so sweet!
Phoebe: No-no-no! We haven't started yet. Where's Alice?
Phoebe: Oh, okay, I'm having another one! This one doesn't hurt either—Ooh, yes it does! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ooh! (Checks under the blanket.) Oh, I was kinda hoping that was it.
Phoebe: Umm, sympathy pains. I thought it was really sweet at first, but now I think he's just trying to steal my thunder.
Phoebe: Hey.
Phoebe: It's very weird! I don't want some guy down there telling me, I'm y'know, dilatedamundo!
Phoebe: (interrupting) What are you doing?!! Why are you defending him?! Just get me another doctor! One who is not crazy and who is not Fonzie!
Phoebe: Hi! And you're going into what grade?
Phoebe: (interrupting) Uh-huh, me too. Ross, maybe I should've specified that I'd be needing a grown up doctor. 
Phoebe: Shh! Doogie, shh! Doesn't anybody understand that I'm gonna be having babies soon? Huh? Go! Go little boy, go!
Phoebe: They are. Why?
Phoebe: Happy birthday!
Phoebe: I know, it is.
Phoebe: Can I tell you a little secret?
Phoebe: I want to keep one. (Giggles in excitement.)
Phoebe: Why not?! Maybe I can, you don't know!
Phoebe: Maybe not! Y'know? Seriously, three babies are a handful maybe they're y'know, looking for a chance to unload one of them. Listen, I-I hate to miss an opportunity just because I didn't ask! Y'know?
Phoebe: Oh, just ask him!
Phoebe: I can't ask him! Do you have any idea how inappropriate that would be?! All I'm saying is just talk to Frank. Okay? Just, y'know, feel him out!
Phoebe: You're right. 
Phoebe: Tell him it's for you.
Phoebe: (To Rachel) So did you ask him?
Phoebe: Well, I'm kinda on a clock here.
Phoebe: Undo it. Undo it. Undo it.
Phoebe: Hi!
Phoebe: Okay, doctor says any minute now.
Phoebe: Sorry Frank, I'm kinda in the middle of the last favor you asked me to do.
Phoebe: Oo, this is a big one. Eww! Arghhhh!!
Phoebe: What is that?
Phoebe: Oh my God!
Phoebe: I already had a baby. Leave me alone.
Phoebe: Which one do you have?
Phoebe: But umm, I mean, did you talk to them about, y'know…
Phoebe: Oh. It was a long shot. Hey, you guys can I just like have a second alone with the babies.
Phoebe: So, here you are. It seems like yesterday I was talking to you in that little petri dish. Everyone said labor was the hardest thing I'd ever have to do, but they were wrong this is. Oh, I had the most fun with you guys! I wish I could take you home and see you everyday. Okay, I'll settle for being your favorite Aunt. I know Alice's sister has a pool, but you lived in me. Okay, so we're cool. Yeah, we're gonna be great. Little high fives! (Imitates the high fives.) Ahh! Ahh! Ahh! (One of the babies begins to cry.) Well, if you're gonna cry. (She starts crying.)
Phoebe: I know.
Phoebe: Yeah. You won't be able to take it.
Phoebe: They're gonna call her Chandler.
Phoebe: Works on you.
Phoebe: Ugh, PBS!
Phoebe: Ugh, what's right with them?
Phoebe: Okay, 'cause right after my mom killed herself, I was just in this really bad place, y'know personally. So, I just thought that it'd make me feel better if I wrote to Sesame Street, 'cause they were so nice when I was a little kid! No one ever wrote back.
Phoebe: All I got was a lousy key chain! And by that time I was living in a box. I didn't have keys!
Phoebe: This isn't a good deed, you just wanted to get on TV! This is totally selfish.
Phoebe: What-what are you talking about?!
Phoebe: Yeah. So?
Phoebe: Yes there are! There are totally good deeds that are selfless.
Phoebe: Yeah, it's… Y'know there's—no you may not!
Phoebe: Are you calling me selfish?!
Phoebe: I'm gonna find a selfless good dead. I'm gonna beat you, you evil genius.
Phoebe: Hey, Joey, when you said the deal with Santa Clause, you meant?
Phoebe: Right. (She turns and opens her eyes in shock.)
Phoebe: I cannot believe I can't find a selfless good deed! Y'know that old guy that lives next to me? Well, I snuck over there and-and raked up all the leaves on his front stoop. But he caught me and force-fed me cider and cookies. Then I felt wonderful. That old jackass!
Phoebe: I will find a selfless good deed! 'Cause I just gave birth to three children and I will not let them be raised in a world where Joey is right!
Phoebe: Ooh-ohh!
Phoebe: Why?
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: Yeah, but you've known Rachel since High School and you cannot just cut her out of your life.
Phoebe: (on phone from Central Perk) Hey Joey, I just wanted to let you know that I found a selfless good deed. I just went down to the park and I let a bee sting me.
Phoebe: Well, it helps the bee look tough in front of his bee friends. The bee is happy and I am definitely not.
Phoebe: (Thinks for a moment.) Aw, dammit! (Slams the phone down.)
Phoebe: Ooh, it's not a toy.
Phoebe: (on phone) Hi Joey.
Phoebe: I would like to make a pledge. I would like to donate $200.
Phoebe: Oh, I'm still mad at them but I also now that they bring happiness to lots of kids who's moms didn't kill themselves, so by supporting them, I'm doing a good thing, but I'm not happy about it. So there, a selfless good deed.
Phoebe: No, it sucks. I was saving up to buy a hamster.
Phoebe: Yeah, not the one I had my eye on.
Phoebe: Oh, look-look, Joey's on TV! Isn't that great? My pledge got Joey on TV! Oh that makes me feel—Oh no! (Realizes that her deed made her happy and therefore it's selfish and covers her mouth in horror.)
Phoebe: Oh weird, Chandler just told us he's got a conference there!
Phoebe: Wait a minute! So when Emily comes you're just, you're not gonna see Rachel anymore?
Phoebe: Yeah that's better than my way.
Phoebe: (To Chandler) Can you hear anything?
Phoebe: Ooh, Madlibs, mine! (Grabs it.)
Phoebe: I know it's le poo right now, but it'll get better.
Chandler and Phoebe: 
Phoebe: Hey.
Phoebe: Oh no! Not that guy! He does look like him though.
Phoebe: Ehh!!
Phoebe: Come where?
Phoebe: Okay, but try and get Joey too.
Phoebe: Oh, sure! (She gets up to leave.) Bye Ross! (Whispering behind his back.) Forever.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Oh hey, Monica, I heard you saw Donald Trump at your convention.
Phoebe: We're so stupid! Do you know what's going on in there? They're trying to take Joey!
Phoebe: The most popular Phoebe in tennis is called the overhand Phoebe. And if you win, you must slap your opponent on the Phoebe and say, "Hi, Phoebe!"
Phoebe: Count for what?
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Yeah, my mom sent me a family heirloom that once belonged to my grandmother. Can you believe it?! A year ago I didn't even have a family, and now I have heirlooms for crying out loud.
Phoebe: Eeeee-(She opens the box and removes its contents and sees that it's a fur coat.)-ohh!! God! (She throws it at Joey.)
Phoebe: Yeah! Why would my mother send me a fur? Doesn't she know me but at all! Plus, I have a perfectly fine coat that no innocent animal suffered to make!
Phoebe: Oh my God! You got off easy! When my friend Silvie's husband said someone else's name in bed, she cursed him and turned his thingy green.
Phoebe: Oh, I hate this. Everything's changing.
Phoebe: I don't know what I'm gonna do about this coat.
Phoebe: That might work! (She gives him the coat.)
Phoebe: Why?
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: So listen, you know my friend Chris who owns the crematorium? 
Phoebe: He says, that he would cremate my fur coat for free if I umm, y'know, bring in the next person I know who dies.
Phoebe: This is fashion?! (Grabs the coat from Rachel.) Okay, so to you, death is fashion?! That's really funny. (She puts the coat on and starts to model it.) Here's Phoebe umm, sporting uh, y'know, cutting edge hairy carcass from y'know, the steal traps of wintry Russia. I mean, you really thing this looks good? (Sees herself in the mirror.) 'Cause I do.
Phoebe: Nooo!!
Phoebe: I think he's right. You guys hang out at the coffeehouse way too much.
Phoebe: Oh, I know.
Phoebe: All right, I can't sit here anymore. I have to walk places. (She puts on her fur coat.)
Phoebe: Well, I've been reading up and for your information, minks are not very nice. Okay, I admit it! I love this coat! Okay, I—it's the best thing I've ever had wrapped around me, including Phil Huntley! (She starts to leave but stops and says to Monica.) Remember Phil Huntley? He was fine!
Phoebe: Are you still mad at us?
Phoebe: Oh good! Because we have an "I'm sorry" song.
Phoebe: (To Chandler) You're kinda stepping on the song. (She gets ready to play but is stopped by…)
Phoebe: Okay, now you're just taking lines right out of the song!
Phoebe: Yes! Exactly! And that's why…
Phoebe: Okay, let's get some perspective people; it's not like I'm wearing a seeing-eye dog coat!
Phoebe: Oh God, I really missed that fat bastard!
Phoebe: Hi Emily!
Phoebe: Here. (She wraps her coat around his shoulders.)
Phoebe: (to the squirrel) Okay, stop tormenting me! This mink! Okay, they're mean! And they hate squirrels! And y'know, okay, most of these probably wanted to be coats! (The squirrel stares at her.) All right, fine, now I get it. (To the clerk.) Here. (She hands him her coat.) You take it. (To the squirrel.) Are you happy now? I'm cold!
Phoebe: Umm, do health inspectors work on commission? 
Phoebe: It's okay to laugh right?
Phoebe: Okay. (She laughs harder.)
Phoebe: Yum-my!
Phoebe: Oh yeah! I'd let him check out my kitchen floors.
Phoebe: Hey, you should really read that book you wrote. (To Larry) Wow! You saw the hat in the kitchen and knew that she'd have to go in there hatless to get it. You can have your own health inspector detective show!
Phoebe: Yeah, but then I can be you sidekick Vunda.
Phoebe: Okay, she would love that! Y'know, 'cause you know all the clean places to eat.
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: He's so funny! (She imitates what he just did.)
Phoebe: (smiles) Show me the badge again.
Phoebe: Shiny. 
Phoebe: (laughing) You are just nonstop!
Phoebe: Why?!
Phoebe: (awed) You have the power to do that?
Phoebe: (excited) Shut it down.
Phoebe: Oh, I took Larry there to eat but it was all violated. So we shut it down!
Phoebe: Hey, guys, you know what Larry would say? He would say, "See you ladle." (Laughs.)
Phoebe: Ooh, absolutely!
Phoebe: Ooh, I love that place! (Thinks about it.) So, no.
Phoebe: Enh. Sure!
Phoebe: Oh, no-no, this place is totally healthy! That—this milk is mine. I bought this today, 'cause I was thirsty for milk, y'know. (She takes a swig of it, but has to turn away from him as she makes a face to show that it has gone bad.) Okay, let's go!
Phoebe: Okay, stop! Larry, okay, can't you just be Larry and not Larry the health inspector guy? Y'know I mean it was really exciting at first but now it's like, okay, so where are we gonna eat ever?
Phoebe: Thank you. (To Gunther, who's standing there frozen) Okay, go! Go! Go! (He runs off.) (To Larry) Now, if after dinner you still really need to bust someone, I know a hot dog vendor who picks his nose.
Phoebe: Does anyone wanna watch TV?
Phoebe: Monica your remote doesn't work.
Phoebe: Oh. Aw, forget it.
Phoebe: Wow! See, and I didn't think you'd be able to come up with anything.
Phoebe: I don't know about that. I've got one that's worse.
Phoebe: Oh, did the little rich boy have a problem with the butler? Yes, mine's worse!
Past Life Phoebe:
Phoebe: Oh, this life! Oh okay no, Chandler's is worse.
Phoebe: Of course you don't sweetie. You're brand new.
Phoebe: Oh no, I know! I know! It's the one where Joey got Monica's turkey stuck on his head!
Phoebe: (surprised) Hello?
Phoebe: Joey? What's going on?
Phoebe: Oh my God!
Phoebe: (walks him to the kitchen) Easy. Step. How did it get on?
Phoebe: Oh my God! Monica's gonna totally freak out!
Phoebe: Well, of course it smells really bad. You have your head up a dead animal.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: No, it's not supposed to be funny, it's supposed to be scary.
Phoebe: All right, hold on! Okay, let's just all think.
Phoebe: Oh wait! That can't be the one Rachel's talking about. She didn't even know that happened. So which one was it?
Phoebe: Oh, I can't believe you called her fat.
Phoebe: Oh, no, I have the cutest Christmas story!
Phoebe: Fine, all right, mine had a dwarf that got broke in half, but y'know whatever.
French Phoebe:
Phoebe: What am I sitting on?
Phoebe: (taking something out of the couch) Ew-eww!! Undies! 
Phoebe: Umm, Wethering Heights. I'm taking a literature class at the New School and I have to finish it for the first session tomorrow.
Phoebe: Yeah! Well, I really liked that Lamaze class I took! Y'know and this time I thought I'd go for something, y'know a little more intellectual, with a less painful final exam.
Phoebe: Yeah! Ooh, you should come with me! Oh yeah, then I'd have someone to sit with!
Phoebe: Yeah! Okay—ooh, but are you going to have time to read it?
Phoebe: This is going to be so much fun! Okay-shhh, I have to finish.
Phoebe: Okay, look you wanna hold onto your food? You gotta scare people off. I learned that living on the street.
Phoebe: Okay, this will keep them away from your stuff. (Writes him a note and the gang reads it.)
Phoebe: Someday I'll, tell you about the time I stabbed the cop.
Phoebe: Well, he stabbed me first!!
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: I thought you said you read it in high school.
Phoebe: Okay, umm, it's this tragic love story between Cathy and Heathcliff and umm, it takes place on like these really creepy mores in England. Which I think represents the wildness of Heathcliff's character. I totally get symbolism.
Phoebe: (To Rachel) You completely stole my answer!
Phoebe: Well how would you know?! You didn't even read it!
Phoebe: I think that uh, yours is a question with many answers.
Phoebe: Would you care to venture one?
Phoebe: Are you just repeating what I'm saying?
Phoebe: Okay then.
Phoebe: Yeah but why didn't you just say that you didn't read the book?!
Phoebe: Yeah?
Phoebe: Hi!
Phoebe: You didn't read this one either?!
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: No! You should've read it yourself!
Phoebe: Fine! Okay, all right, so Jane Eyre, first of all, you'd think she's a woman, but she's not. She's a cyborg. 
Phoebe: Yeah, this book was light years ahead of its time.
Phoebe: Umm, Rachel and I were just discussing it and she had some very interesting insights.
Phoebe: (smiling) I'm sorry. It was just so funny when you started comparing Jane Eyre to Robocop. 
Phoebe: Well, I snapped! Okay? You weren't taking the class seriously.
Phoebe: Well, yeah! Fun is good, but y'know I also wanted to learn. Y'know, people are always talking about what they learned in high school and I never went to high school.
Phoebe: All right, wait! Just wait. Everybody just calm down. Okay? Let's give our friend Joey a chance to explain why he's such a big pervert!
Phoebe: What's going on?
Phoebe: So that's why she gave you a naked picture of herself.
Phoebe: I really thought you making a good point. I mean y'know, until you got cut off.
Phoebe: I don't know! I didn't come with her!
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: Oh, thanks!
Phoebe: Wow!
Phoebe: Is that a new Swede jacket? It looks really expensive.
Phoebe: Just get your nails done?
Phoebe: Okay! Thanks! Happy Holidays, here's your joy. (She waves her arm and spreads her joy.)
Phoebe: Thank you! And Happy Holidays.
Phoebe: Wait, you can't take the money out.
Phoebe: But, can't you leave the dollar? This money is for the poor.
Phoebe: Okay, Seasons Greetings and everything, but still…
Phoebe: Oh, I'm going to give him something else besides joy, just… (She scowls at him.)
Phoebe: Thank you, Happy Holidays.
Phoebe: Now, that's trash. Young lady, you can't… (The lady ignores her and walks off.) Hey! Stop that young lady, she donated trash!
Phoebe: Hey!! (The bucket starts smoking.) The charity's on fire! Help! (Yet another guy walks by carrying a cup, which Phoebe grabs.) Oh good! Thank you, I need that. (She throws onto the smoldering fire. Suddenly the bucket erupts in flames.) Whoa! What is that?! (She sniffs the cup.) (To the guy.) It's nine o'clock in the morning!
Phoebe: Nobody! Nobody respects the bucket! You wouldn't believe what people put in here! Look! (Hands it to Monica.) Okay, does this look like a garbage can to you?
Phoebe: Does it look like an ashtray?
Phoebe: Does it look like a urinal?
Phoebe: Well, yeah! But I'm not gonna take anymore crap. Okay? No more Mrs. Nice Bucket!
Phoebe: Yeah, I'm gonna go back to being Street Phoebe. Yeah! Oh but, y'know what? I can't go totally back because Street Phoebe really wouldn't be friends with you guys. Sorry. (Leaves.)
Phoebe: Oh whoa-whoa-whoa! Wait a minute, open up your hand; let me take a look. (The lady opens up her hand.) Quarter. Dime. Lint? Not interested in that. (She throws the lint away.) What's this? A Canadian coin? Get outta here! (The lady walks away.)
Phoebe: Whoa-whoa-whoa! No drinks near the bucket! Set it down over there and then you can make a contribution! (The guy starts to walk away with a hurt look on his face.) And you can leave the hurt bunny look over there too! (Her boss and a co-worker walk up.) Hi Bob! (The same old lady from before walks bye.) (To the old lady.) I thought I told you to get outta here!
Phoebe: What?!
Phoebe: That chick can't handle my corner.
Phoebe: Fine. (She hands her bell to Ginger and starts to take down her signs.) (The same old lady walks by again.) All right, I'll give you one pointer. Look out for that bitch. (The old lady.)
Phoebe: It's so obvious, why doesn't he just ask?
Phoebe: You too!
Phoebe: Ooh! That's a good one! Mine is to pilot a commercial jet.
Phoebe: Maybe your resolution is to not make fun of your friends, especially the ones who may soon be flying you to Europe for free on their own plane.
Phoebe: Really?! How come?
Phoebe: Do you want me to teach you? I'm a great teacher.
Phoebe: Well, I taught me and I love me.
Phoebe: Hey! 
Phoebe: Hornswoggle? (To Chandler) Ooh, this must be killing you.
Phoebe: Okay. (Joey tries to take the guitar.) Oh no-no-no, you don't touch the guitar! First you learn here, (Points to her head.) then you learn here. (Points to the guitar.)
Phoebe: Okay, lesson one: chords. Now, I don't know the actual names of the chords but umm, I-I-I made up names for the way my hand looks while I'm doing them. (She starts to show Joey the chords. Transcribers Note: For this one you'll have to use your imagination, 'cause it would take me 50 pages to describe each one. So if you want to see them, you'll have to wait for this episode to come to a TV near you.) (Holding up her hand and then reconfiguring her hand with each name.) So then, this is Bear Claw. Okay, umm, Turkey Leg and Old Lady. (Joey tries to imitate them.)
Phoebe: Hey everybody, Rachel was so good today. She didn't gossip at all.
Phoebe: Ooh, you nailed the Old Lady! (They both laugh at what she said.)
Phoebe: Did you, did you touch any of the guitars while you were there? Did you?!
Phoebe: Give me your hands. (He does and she smells his left hand.) Strings. Gimme it! (He gives her his right hand and she smells it as well.) Pick. Do you want to learn to play guitar?
Phoebe: Then don't touch one!!
Phoebe: Tiger! (Joey moves his hand in an attempt to do the chord, in fact he does it with each name.) Dragon! Iceberg!! (He fails.) Joseph, did you even study at all last night?
Phoebe: Then do Iceberg!
Phoebe: G-sharp? Have you been studying the real names of the chords? (Joey doesn't answer.) Have you? (He looks away in shame.) Oh my God! 
Phoebe: No, but you're questioning my method!
Phoebe: Y'know none of my other student thought I was stupid.
Phoebe: Yeah, well, y'know maybe you just need to try a little harder!
Phoebe: Fine! You go learn from your qualified instructor! But don't come crying to me when everyone's sick and tired of hearing you play Bad, Bad Leroy Brown!!
Phoebe: Oh, fine! Take his side! (Storms out.)
Phoebe: No, I can't talk to you! I don't have a fancy ad in the Yellow Pages!
Phoebe: Uh-huh!
Phoebe: No!
Phoebe: Yeah!
Phoebe: Okay, I'm gonna go too. I'm gonna go to the airport. I figure if I hang around there long enough, someone's bound to leave one of those planes unattended.
Phoebe: Bye! (She exits, leaving Rachel and Joey alone.)
Phoebe: Hey! It's raining. I don't want to fly in the rain. So…
Phoebe: That's weird. (Pause.) I bet they're doing it.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Hey, you know what might help you deal with it? Think of it this way, you and Emily are in the past and you can't be mad about the past. So are you still mad about the Louisiana Purchase?
Phoebe: Exactly! Because it's in the past!
Phoebe: Okay, then what happened?
Phoebe: (gasps) Ohh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. (The chick clucks.) You'll get your turn!
Phoebe: Nothing! (Picks up and sets the chick down on the floor.) (To the chick.) This is not over!
Phoebe: What?!
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: What were you doing?
Phoebe: Oh, nobody's judging you. (They all turn and look at Ross.)
Phoebe: You two will have very hairy children.
Phoebe: So are you actually gonna see her again?
Phoebe: Uh-hmm.
Phoebe: Get your foot off my contestant! Judge!
Phoebe: Ohhh.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Are you serious?!
Phoebe: You don't need Janice for that, you've got us. We…
Phoebe: (turning from Ross.) No!! Hey-hey that's not a Nutter-Butter, that's just an old Wonton!
Phoebe: Ohh, tough call.
Phoebe: Hey! Umm, well, only okay because I just got back from, from the hospital.
Phoebe: Oh yeah, no-no-no. I'm fine. I'm okay, but umm, my Grandma sorta died.
Phoebe: It's okay, I mean she had a really incredible life. And it's not like I'm never gonna see her again, y'know she's gonna visit.
Phoebe: Yeah, her first day on a new spiritual plane and she's gonna come to the coffeehouse!
Phoebe: It's okay. Actually y'know what, it's kinda cool. 'Cause it's like y'know, one life ends and another begins.
Phoebe: Well umm, okay we were in the market and she bent down to get some yogurt and she just never came back up again.
Phoebe: It was really sweet. The last thing she said to me was; "Okay dear, you go get the eggs and I'm gonna get the yogurt and we'll meet at the checkout counter." And y'know what? We will meet at the checkout counter.
Phoebe: It's Phoebe.
Phoebe: Umm, well I sorta have some bad news, can I come in?
Phoebe: Umm, well, umm Grandma died.
Phoebe: No, she just died today! Okay, umm, we're having a memorial service tomorrow.
Phoebe: No you didn't!
Phoebe: Well, lots of people! Look, are you coming to memorial service or not?
Phoebe: Fine. Okay, enjoy your concert. (Starts to leave.)
Phoebe: Well hello, Mrs. Penella! Thank you so much for coming! Well, okay look, here's your umm, 3-D glasses and Reverend Pong will tell you when to put them on.
Phoebe: (notices his bag.) Hey, y'know what? My Grandma had the exact same bag!
Phoebe: Thanks!
Phoebe: Yeah, welcome.
Phoebe: Umm here's your 3-D glasses.
Phoebe: So how did you know Francis?
Phoebe: Really?! What's your name?
Phoebe: You're Frank Buffay?
Phoebe: You just said…
Phoebe: But…
Phoebe: Oh my God!
Phoebe: That was my dad!
Phoebe: Uh-huh.
Phoebe: He said, "Nice to meet you Glenda." (They stare at her, dumbfounded) Well, obviously I couldn't give him my real name?
Phoebe: Come on, you saw the way he ran out of here! What do you think? He's gonna stick around and talk to the daughter he abandoned!
Phoebe: Well, I said, I told him y'know, that I was the executor person of Francis' will and that I needed to talk to him so I'm gonna meet him at the coffee house later.
Phoebe: All right, well, I just can't think about that right now. I just wanna say good-bye to my Grandma.
Phoebe: All right, I'd better go too. I have to go talk to my dad.
Phoebe: Umm, no, not at first 'cause I-I don't want to freak him out
Phoebe: Y'know it's funny, you'd think I'd be angry. I mean, you'd think I'd wanna rip his tiny little head off. Fortunately, I'm past it.
Phoebe: All right.
Phoebe: Oh! Get off!! Ow!! Oh, stop it!! Why?! Why are you doing that to me?!
Phoebe: As a masseuse and a human, I'm begging you, never do that to anyone!
Phoebe: (seeing the look on Chandler's face) He-he does not like it! He hates it! He's in pain!
Phoebe: Umm, thank you for meeting with me.
Phoebe: Come, sit. (He's hesitant.) Sit. (Still hesitating.) Sit! (He sits on the arm of the couch.) Umm, all righty, before we get started I just—I need you to state for the official record that you are in fact Frank Buffay.
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: Huh?
Phoebe: Oh yes. Yes. Yeah—no. She did. She left you umm, (looking in her purse) this lipstick.
Phoebe: Okay. I have just a few questions to ask so I'm going to get out my official forms. (She picks up a couple of crumpled receipts.) Okay, so, question 1) You and uh, you were married to Francis' daughter Lilly, is that correct?
Phoebe: Okay, umm, question 2) Umm, did that marriage end A. Happily, B. Medium, or C. In the total abandonment of her and her two children?
Phoebe: Yeah. See? (Quickly shows him.)
Phoebe: Hmm, okay, total abandonment. Okay, reasons for abandonment, A. Top secret government work, B. Amnesia, or C. Or you're just a selfish, irresponsible bad, bad man?
Phoebe: What?!
Phoebe: But you-you-you came to see Lilly?
Phoebe: Lilly's dead. (He looks up in shock.)
Phoebe: She's dead.
Phoebe: Well, if she isn't then cremating her was a big mistake.
Phoebe: 17 years ago.
Phoebe: Well, Ursula is a waitress and-and she lives in Soho. And Phoebe, (pause) is on this couch.
Phoebe: Yep, lipstick and a daughter, big day for you!
Phoebe: Yes. Well, that's neither here nor there.
Phoebe: Y'know what, it doesn’t matter what you say it's not gonna make a difference anyway, so you can just go.
Phoebe: That's a defense?
Phoebe: You make up songs?
Phoebe: Well, I am. (Moves over and takes his hand.)
Phoebe: Not yet, no. (Drops his hand and moves back.)
Phoebe: (looking out the window) Oh hey, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy is putting stuff in boxes!
Phoebe: It's amazing! You better hurry up and fill out an application or I'm gonna beat you to it.
Phoebe: (looking out the window) Oh, look! There's Monica and Chandler! (Starts yelling.) Hey! Hey, you guys! Hey! (Chandler and Monica start taking each other's clothes off.) Ohh!! Ohh! Ahh-ahhh!!
Phoebe: (screaming) Ahhh!! Chandler and Monica!! Chandler and Monica!!
Phoebe: CHANDLER AND MONICA!!!!
Phoebe: OH!! MY EYES!!! MY EYES!!!!
Phoebe: NO! THEY'RE DOING IT!!!
Phoebe: YOU KNOW?!!!
Phoebe: (Screaming incoherently.) Get in here!!! (Motions to join her and Rachel.)
Phoebe: You mean whenever Monica and Chandler where like y'know doing laundry or going grocery shopping or—Oh! All that time Monica spent on the phone with sad Linda from camp!
Phoebe: Oh! Oh, I can't believe it! I mean I think it's great! For him. She might be able to do better.
Phoebe: Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?
Phoebe: Or, we could not tell them we know and have a little fun of our own.
Phoebe: Well y'know every time that they say that like they're doing laundry we'll just give them a bunch of laundry to do.
Phoebe: No! You don't have to do anything! Just don't tell them that we know!
Phoebe: Well, you could use your position y'know as the roommate.
Phoebe: And then. I would use y'know the strongest tool at my disposal. My sexuality.
Phoebe: Okay, watch, learn, and don't eat my cookie.
Phoebe: Hey! Ooh, wow that jacket looks great on you!
Phoebe: (feels his arm) Yeah the material feels so soft—hello Mr. Bicep! Have you been working out?
Phoebe: Well, if you really wanna know, I'm—Oh! I can't tell you this.
Phoebe: Well actually you're the one person I can't tell this too. And the one person I want to the most.
Phoebe: I think it's just y'know that I haven't been with a guy in so long and how sometimes you're looking for something and you just don’t even see that it's right there in front of you sipping coffee—Oh no, have I said to much? Well it's just something to think about. I know I will.
Phoebe: I have quarters! (She holds up a bag of quarters.)
Phoebe: But there's a whole table of mini-muffin baskets. Which one did you send?
Phoebe: Bye Chandler! (She walks up to him.) (Quietly.) I miss you already. (She pinches his butt.)
Phoebe: Yeah, why don't you just find another apartment?
Phoebe: He broke that.
Phoebe: I wouldn't bring that up, it would probably just bum him out.
Phoebe: (in a sexy voice) Oh? (Takes the phone from Rachel.) Hello you.
Phoebe: Eh?
Phoebe: Really?
Phoebe: I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, bye! (Hangs up.) Oh my God! He wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more!
Phoebe: No!
Phoebe: God, they thought they can mess with us! They're trying to mess with us?! They don't know that we know they know we know! (Joey just shakes his head.) Joey, you can't say anything!
Phoebe: All right. All right! If he wants a date? He's gonna get a date. All right, I'm gonna go in.
Phoebe: (laughs) Please.
Phoebe: So Chandler, I-I'd love to come by tonight.
Phoebe: Oh absolutely. Shall we say, around seven?
Phoebe: Good. I'm really looking forward to you and me having sexual intercourse.
Phoebe: Okay, Rachel, get me perfume!
Phoebe: And Joey, get me a bottle of wine and glasses? (He begrudgingly does so.)
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: Good idea! 
Phoebe: Oh now, don't give away the farm!
Phoebe: Chandler.
Phoebe: I was going too. (They go inside and he closes the door.) Umm, I brought some wine. Would you like some?
Phoebe: So, here we are. Nervous?
Phoebe: No, I want this to happen.
Phoebe: Maybe, maybe I'll dance for you. (She starts doing a rather suggestive and seductive dance that's silly at the same time.)
Phoebe: Thanks! Y'know, that when you say things like that it makes me wanna rip that sweater vest right off!
Phoebe: Really?
Phoebe: No. No! It's just y'know first, I wanna take off all my clothes and have you rub lotion on me.
Phoebe: He's not backing down. He went to get lotion.
Phoebe: Joey! (Examining the dress.) Wow, you didn’t rip off any buttons.
Phoebe: Umm, not without you, lover. (She slowly walks over to him and is showcasing her bra.) So, this is my bra.
Phoebe: You should be. I'm very bendy. (Pause) I'm gonna kiss you now.
Phoebe: Ooh.
Phoebe: Here it comes. Our first kiss.
Phoebe: And why not?!
Phoebe: You're-you're what?!
Phoebe: I just—I thought you guys were doing it, I didn't know you were in love!
Phoebe: God! (She turns and buttons up.)
Phoebe: Ooh, I'll go in on that with you! I couldn't think of anything.
Phoebe: Hey! I brought you some house warming gifts.
Phoebe: Yeah. Salt, so your life always has flavor.
Phoebe: Bread, so you never go hungry.
Phoebe: And a scented candle for the bathroom, because well, y'know.
Phoebe: Yeah!
Phoebe: Mr. President.
Phoebe: Yeah. I really like his glasses.
Phoebe: Oh, hi Ross!
Phoebe: Oh, I thought this was your party and it turns out it’s a party for Howard. He's just the sweetest little man! (A guest walks up to her.)
Phoebe: Yeah, uh-huh, a 100 dollars.
Phoebe: Yeah, but they didn't ask me! Y'know? This way I'm just y'know, the exotic, generous stranger. That's always fun to be.
Phoebe: No I'm not. No! If anything I'm making you look better! They'll see you talking to me and that's--I'm a hit!
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Yeah, okay, my bad.
Phoebe: (ignoring him and continuing her conversation) That's what I'm saying. (Laughs.)
Phoebe: Ooh. (Turns to him.)
Phoebe: No! No! I'm talking you up to people. Just give it a little time, all right? Relax, get something to eat! Okay?
Phoebe: Oh, I was telling them about you and Emily. Y'know, try to get some sympathy.
Phoebe: But somehow you came off as the bad guy.
Phoebe: Yeah, I think I told it wrong. Y'know, we should talk about that because I don't totally understand what happened there.
Phoebe: Oh, okay, see? Things are looking up already!
Phoebe: All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who here likes Ross? (Ross is the only one who raises his hand and Phoebe glares at him to put his hand back down.) Of course you don't like him! He-he didn't give you any money, he raised his own hand when I asked, "Who hear likes Ross," and he's wearing two nametags! (He takes one off.) I-I'll be honest with you guys, when I first met Ross I didn't like him at all! But then once I got to know him I saw that he's really sweet and caring and very generous. I mean, all I'm saying is don't judge Ross before you get to know him all right? I mean, I like all you guys now, but when I first meet you y'know Kurt, I thought, y'know abrasive drunk, umm Lola, mind numbingly stupid! And okay, you guys (She turns to an elderly gentleman and a 20 something woman, who're a couple.) (To the girl) Gold-digger, (To the old guy) cradle robbing perv! So, I think you all know what I mean.
Phoebe: Obviously I didn't think they were gonna start throwing things. I just thought if I kept insulting everyone, you would jump in and defend everyone and then you could look like the hero.
Phoebe: Aw, and I was gonna ask you to marry me because I forgot to say hello to you last week.
Phoebe: All right. Hold on. (She starts digging in the chair.) I got it. Nickel! (Donates it.) How much more do we need?
Phoebe: Okay, dime! (Donates that.) You guys should probably keep talking; this could take a while. (Finds something else.) Oh no, wait! Look it! Whoa! (Looks at it.) Oh my God, this is a police badge!
Phoebe: Yeah, I should probably take it back. Ooh, but you know what? While I'm at the police station, I could check their Ten Most Wanted lists because my friend Fritzy has been like number 11 forever, so this could be her year! (She crosses her fingers in hope.)
Phoebe: Oh. Oh! Ma'am? Excuse me, ma'am? 
Phoebe: You can't put your cigarette out on a tree!
Phoebe: No but you shouldn't! Don't ever do that again.
Phoebe: Hold it! (Grabs the badge) N.Y.P.D! Freeze punk!
Phoebe: Yeah that's right you are so busted. (To no one in particular.) Book 'em.
Phoebe: Save it Red! Unless you wanna spend the night in the slammer, you apologize to the tree.
Phoebe: You apologize to the tree right now or I am calling for backup. (The woman calls her bluff.) (Screaming at no one in particular) Backup! Backup!!
Phoebe: Okay, cancel backup! Cancel backup!
Phoebe: …so this guy was all (Mumbles.) And I'm all, Buffay, Homicide. (Flashes the badge.) It was just so cool!
Phoebe: I know but I'm having so much fun doing good deeds.
Phoebe: You could get arrested, right now! (Flashes the badge and they glare at her.) All right, yeah, I gotta take it back. I'm totally drunk with power. (She heads for the door just as Joey enters.)
Phoebe: (To Joey) Hey.
Phoebe: Excuse me, is this your car?
Phoebe: Well I don't think it's very nice of you to park here, y'know you're blocking the entrance. 
Phoebe: Well, it's a problem for me, which means it's a problem for you 'cause I'm a cop. (Shows the badge.)
Phoebe: Ohh, no. (Pause) Oh okay, so you're a cop which means you can park anywhere, 'cause I know that 'cause I'm a cop too. So, all right, keep up the good work. 10-4. (Tries to leave.)
Phoebe: I-I'm with the umm, the 57th.
Phoebe: I'm in vice. Yeah, in fact I'm undercover right now. I'm a whore.
Phoebe: Umm, do you know, umm Sipowicz?
Phoebe: Yeah, big guy, kinda bald.
Phoebe: (starts to walk away, but stops) Don’t try to call him or anything, 'cause he's not there, he's out. His umm, his partner just died.
Phoebe: I-I sure will, take care. (Starts walking off.)
Phoebe: Oh. (She starts laughing. Then she throws the badge at him and runs away.)
Phoebe: Ooh, God, it's him! It's that cop! God, I can't believe it! He found me!
Phoebe: Well, if I'm going down, I'm taking you (Points at all of them) with me. (They all look at her.) Harboring a fugitive? That's one to three years minimum. Good luck Chandler. (She opens the door to the cop from before.) Okay, you can arrest me. Fine. But you'll never make it stick and you know it!
Phoebe: Yep! As long as you understand that I'm going to call my lawyer and once he puts you on the stand he'll make you look like a fool. A fool!
Phoebe: I would love it if I weren't here!
Phoebe: Me?!
Phoebe: Wow! I didn't see that coming! You're-you're asking me out!
Phoebe: Umm, yeah, I'd like to go out with you officer…
Phoebe: Gary.
Phoebe: Yeah! So--ooh, I gotta ask you though. How did you know where to find me?
Phoebe: Ohh, impressive.
Phoebe: Yeah, we'll talk at dinner.
Phoebe: All right, I can't wait!
Phoebe: Wow! Well, if you nail the interview, you'll get it!
Phoebe: You wanna work on your interview skills?
Phoebe: Okay! All right, let's start with the handshake. Hi.
Phoebe: Very good handshake, good wrist action.
Phoebe: Okay. (They shake hands and she pulls away suddenly) Oh my God! What did I ever do to you?! (Rubbing her hand.)
Phoebe: Let's just say, I'm glad I'm not Chandler.
Phoebe: But it's just so unfair that our date has to get cut short just 'cause some guy shot at a store clerk.
Phoebe: Okay, then maybe I can come too!
Phoebe: All right, you go. (They kiss.)
Phoebe: 'Kay, bye!
Phoebe: Oh God!
Phoebe: Oh I just miss him so much!
Phoebe: Yeah, it's weird. I can't help it though he's so sweet, he's like this little puppy dog, y'know? But like a really tough one that shots bad guys. Ohh, I just love beginning parts of relationships, y'know?! You just like can't keep your hands off each other.
Phoebe: So-so how long did that last for you and Chandler?
Phoebe: Come on, seriously! When did it end?
Phoebe: Okay, you know where you are better than I do. I was just curious.
Phoebe: (Under her breath) God, I woke the beast. Sorry. (To Monica) I was wrong obviously, I just—I misspoke. It's okay.
Phoebe: Oh we can't, we already have plans.
Phoebe: Well, same thing we did all day, hang out at Gary's apartment. He is so amazing, we never left the bedroom. But have fun at the movie.
Phoebe: You're not? Then why did you ask us if we wanted to go?
Phoebe: Yeah!
Phoebe: You tired Chandler?
Phoebe: Ohh, (laughs) umm, we kinda took a little detour on the way over here.
Phoebe: We did! We violated Section 12 Paragraph 7 of the criminal code!
Phoebe: What are you talking about?!
Phoebe: Okay, let's discuss Rachel's birthday. I say we throw a surprise party this weekend.
Phoebe: Yeah but if we throw her a party on her birthday, then it's not a surprise.
Phoebe: Okay, great so do you want to do it together?
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!
Phoebe: Hey Rach, you wanna get some coffee?
Phoebe: Oh good!
Phoebe: Oh good.
Phoebe: Oh wait, I change my mind! (She slams the door on them.) Okay, let's talk about the party! I have so many ideas! (Holds up a cocktail napkin.)
Phoebe: Oh, look at that.
Phoebe: What happened to the intimate dinner party?
Phoebe: So wow, it looks like you took care of everything. Thanks a lot, co-host.
Phoebe: Like what?
Phoebe: Cups? You're giving me cups?
Phoebe: Cups and ice? Ooh, I get to be in charge of cups and ice? (Thinks of something) All right. Fine, okay, I will be in charge of cups and ice!
Phoebe: I got it! Mine!
Phoebe: (entering, carrying two garbage bags) Hey!
Phoebe: Is it okay if I leave this stuff here 'til Rachel's birthday party?
Phoebe: Umm, cups.
Phoebe: Yeah well, that's 'cause Monica put me in charge of cups and ice, and Monica is gonna rue the day that she put me in charge of cups and ice.
Phoebe: Okay, time to bring up the rest of the cups. (She goes and opens the door to Joey.) Oh, hi Joey!
Phoebe: (To Chandler) Check it out! Cup hat! (Points to her hat.) Cup banner! Cup chandelier! And the thing that started it all, the cup! (Holds up one.)
Phoebe: (following him) And did you notice the ice? (Gestures to 3 huge buckets of ice on the table.) Look! We have it all! We have crushed! Cubed! And dry! Watch! (Pours some water onto the dry ice, causing it to evaporate/smoke.) Ahhh! Mystical!
Phoebe: (noticing her) Oh, look! Look! Look!
Phoebe: I was in charge of cups.
Phoebe: I know. But don't you think that it should be called Order and Law?
Phoebe: Don't get me started on that.
Phoebe: Sounds like somebody wants to be Mr. Pizza Delivery Girl.
Phoebe: (looking through the pizzas) Okay pepperoni, pepperoni, pepperoni, okay Ross, I know she's pretty and you love her, but is she stupid?! She forgot my vegetarian!
Phoebe: See? Vegetarianism benefits everyone.
Phoebe: This is so cool!
Phoebe: But I like it here!
Phoebe: Okay, well I think that they're in my purse. Why don't you go get dressed and I'll look for them.
Phoebe: Okay! (Walks over to Rachel) Rach, hi, I need those earrings you borrowed.
Phoebe: I guess so. (See, the brief possession didn't affect her at all, like we could really tell.)
Phoebe: Wait, Rach! Where's the other one?
Phoebe: Rachel Karen Green, where's the other earring?!
Phoebe: Well, what am I going to tell Monica? She wants to wear them tonight!
Phoebe: These are her earrings.
Phoebe: Why not?
Phoebe: (entering from Rachel's bedroom) I found it!
Phoebe: On your dresser.
Phoebe: (smiling) Maybe your scene's coming up?
Phoebe: (smiling) This is terrible, what are you going to do?
Phoebe: (not smiling) That's not good.
Phoebe: But I already gave them back to you!
Phoebe: All right, I already didn't give them back to you, that's what I said. (Walks away over to Rachel.) Where is that other earring?
Phoebe: Make sure you check Chandler's jewelry box.
Phoebe: Okay, we have like ten minutes. Do you want me to get into that now?!
Phoebe: (she just looks at him) Why are you being weird?
Phoebe: No, that would be, "Why are you being cute?"
Phoebe: Ohh! I did not get that.
Phoebe: Did you find it?
Phoebe: Okay, those are my sunglasses, you borrowed them from me.
Phoebe: (To Rachel) What are we going to do?!
Phoebe: All right well, we're just gonna have to tell Monica, that's all.
Phoebe: I suppose I could tell her it's just all my fault.
Phoebe: Mon, can I talk to you for a sec?
Phoebe: Umm, I lost one of your earrings. I'm sorry! I am so, so sorry!
Phoebe: I will replace it, I promise. I feel so terrible.
Phoebe: No. 
Phoebe: Yeah! You're the best!
Phoebe: Oh, right! (Hands Monica back her sunglasses.)
Phoebe: I-I-I found it interesting.
Phoebe: (walking over to Ross) Ross?
Phoebe: What else do they add smell too?
Phoebe: Oh no!
Phoebe: I am definitely gonna watch that!
Phoebe: Definitely!
Phoebe: Oh, then no.
Phoebe: (entering, with Gary) Hey!
Phoebe: Monica, I'm sorry I didn't come by last night. I was out with Gary; he let me ride around with him in his cop car. We saw and prevented crimes.
Phoebe: Uh-huh!
Phoebe: (excited) John Glenn is here?!
Phoebe: Hi!
Phoebe: My God, Joey!
Phoebe: Yeah! Sure! Yep! (Gets up) Oh, y'know what? If I heard a shot right now, I'd throw my body on you.
Phoebe: Okay!
Phoebe: Bye!
Phoebe: Yes. Once. Yeah, a little. He kinda did it to himself. It's not really a good story.
Phoebe: Well you all know that I'm a pacifist so I'm not interested in war in any way. (Gets up) But y'know what? When the revolution comes, I will have to destroy you all. (Starts to leave.) (To Joey) Not you Joey.
Phoebe: I'm fine, thanks.
Phoebe: Nope. (Chandler nods in agreement.)
Phoebe: Okay. Bye! 
Phoebe: So, what movie should we see?
Phoebe: What?! Really?!
Phoebe: I can't believe this!
Phoebe: No, but it is fast. Isn't it?
Phoebe: No, I like him a lot but I don't think I'm ready for this!
Phoebe: I don't know. I'll just handle it—I'll ask you to talk to him!
Phoebe: Because you are so afraid of commitment! You talk to him, make him scared like you! Make him a…man!
Phoebe: Hmm, did you talk to Gary about the moving in thing?
Phoebe: What?!
Phoebe: You are useless! Freaking out about commitment is the one thing you can do! The one thing! And you can't even do that right! God!
Phoebe: Ohh!! God! (Gary enters and she sees him) Ooh! (To Chandler) Get out of here, good for nothing.
Phoebe: Yeah! Okay. (They move to the couch.)
Phoebe: Thanks! Okay. (They sit down.)
Phoebe: Yeah?
Phoebe: Uh-hmm.
Phoebe: No that's not true. If you're not moving forward, you're just staying still. And staying still is good. Watch this. (She stays still for a brief second.) 
Phoebe: Yeah?
Phoebe: That is so sweet. But don't you think it's a little too soon? I mean there's so much we don't know about each other.
Phoebe: I just—I don't want us to jump into something we're not ready for.
Phoebe: I really don't want to mess up what we have. I'm just—I'm worried it's gonna be a big mistake.
Phoebe: Which is why my answer is yes!
Phoebe: Uh-huh! (They hug.) I'm so…happy. (She's not happy.)
Phoebe: We're moving in together! Isn't it great! Yay!
Phoebe: I know, I'm so excited!
Phoebe: Well, you're not more excited than I am! No way! I'm the most excited!
Phoebe: Okay, yeah, I'll see you later! Don't forget about the moving in!
Phoebe: I couldn't tell him no. He got so sad. Maybe it'll be all right. I do really like him a lot and probably do it eventually anyway and plus, think of all the money I'll save on stamps.
Phoebe: No, I just heard when people live together, they split the cost of stamps. Don't they?
Phoebe: Oh, I'm sorry, the oven mitts really freaked me out.
Phoebe: No, nothing.
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: No, as soon as something opens up we'll move right in. Unless it doesn't have a pool, I need a pool. (Turns away from him.)
Phoebe: Uh-huh!
Phoebe: (sits down) Yeah, I feel great. 'Cause we're moving in together.
Phoebe: Yeah, uh-huh, there was nothing. (Pause) Can I get some water?
Phoebe: Umm, yeah! Today's.
Phoebe: (looks at the paper) Are these for rent! I thought people were just bragging!
Phoebe: Yes. Yes! Fine! I am someone! You want me to say it? I have doubts! (Pause) I'm sorry! (Puts her head down.)
Phoebe: Yeah?
Phoebe: That's so sweet.
Phoebe: Living with you would make me happy.
Phoebe: No, I really wanna live with you! I wanna move in with you!
Phoebe: Yes. Definitely! Yes! Let's live in an apartment that we both live in! (Hugs him.) 
Phoebe: Oh wait, one sec. One sec. (Goes to the mirror) Hey you! Behind the glass! Who are you looking at! I've always wanted to say that when I was in one of these rooms, (sees the look on his face) which was never!
Phoebe: I like waking up with you too. (Looks out the window) Oh! It's such a beautiful morning. (Some birds are singing outside the window) Oh, I can stay here all day.
Phoebe: We could have breakfast in bed…
Phoebe: Okay. (He grabs his gun and shoots the bird.) Oh! Oh no.
Phoebe: (entering) Oh good, you're all up.
Phoebe: Oh yeah, that's over.
Phoebe: He shot a bird!
Phoebe: Yeah. Yeah, I'll be alright.
Phoebe: (catches it) Nah, I don't feel like playing. (She sets the ball down on the table and everyone gasps.)
Phoebe: Yeah!
Phoebe: Ohh, give him a kiss for me!
Phoebe: Bye!
Phoebe: (after he's gone) I am so sorry you got caught in the middle of that. I didn't mean to be so out there. I am furious with him!
Phoebe: I'm trying, but man that guy can push my buttons!
Phoebe: Look, I don't wanna talk about it. Okay?
Phoebe: You wanna be on my list too? Keep talking! Has anyone seem my list by the way?
Phoebe: Uh, it's a piece of paper and it says, "Ross" on it.
Phoebe: Ohh-oh, chilling!
Phoebe: Oh wait, my grandmother's dead.
Phoebe: No! No, her cab! She probably won't be using it; you can drive it to Las Vegas.
Phoebe: Oh hey Joey! What's up?
Phoebe: Yeah, I've been around.
Phoebe: Ooh, if you take the northern route there's a man in Illinois with a beard of bees. {Okay, I must protest this, I've lived in Illinois all my life and know of no man with a beard of bees! Wisconsin, on the other hand, might be a different story.}
Phoebe: But on the southern route there's a chicken that plays tic-tac-toe.
Phoebe: Oh, I know a way that you can decide! All right, I'm going to ask you a series of questions and you answer as quickly as you can.
Phoebe: Good, but wait. Okay, all right, here we go. Now I want you to relax. Take a deep breath. Clear your mind. (Quickly) Which do you like better peanut butter or egg whites?
Phoebe: Which would you rather be a fireman or a swimmer?
Phoebe: Who would you rather sleep with Monica or Rachel?
Phoebe: No thinking! No thinking! Tie or ascot?
Phoebe: North route or south route?
Phoebe: Bamn! There you go! Huh?
Phoebe: Oh, this guy again. (She ignores him.)
Phoebe: Umm, no thank you. (She gets up and moves to the couch. They were at a table previously.)
Phoebe: Thanks a lot! I just got that jerk out of my mind!
Phoebe: Bye!
Phoebe: Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't see you there.
Phoebe: Well, if you don't know I can't help you.
Phoebe: Well, I can't help you.
Phoebe: Apology accepted.
Phoebe: Uh-huh.
Phoebe: (quietly) Bye, fat ass. 
Phoebe: I don't know! I don't remember!
Phoebe: Oh no, I am mad at you. I know that much. But, I am sorry about the fat ass thing. You actually have a very sweet little hiney. 
Phoebe: No.
Phoebe: No that made me feel precious.
Phoebe: That game should not be played without my supervision. 
Phoebe: What's in the bag?
Phoebe: I do!
Phoebe: Ooh that is definitely Chandler, Joey, or Ross. (Thinks) Or-or Rachel!
Phoebe: Hey, dude!
Phoebe: Oh that's my grandma. (Joey holds the box away from him.) And thanks Joey she's having a really great time. (Joey is happy now.)
Phoebe: Okay Joey? Chandler's here, he was wondering… (We hear the dial tone as Joey hangs up.) Okay, I guess he ran out of change.
Phoebe: No, don't-don't say I'm sorry with porn!
Phoebe: Y'know what you should send him? A cartoon of cigarettes. 'Cause that why he could trade it for protection. No. That's prison.
Phoebe: Uh-hmm.
Phoebe: Fauna.
Phoebe: Garfunkle.
Phoebe: You said I was boring--Ohh!
Phoebe: Oh my God, I remember now! We were playing chess!
Phoebe: Oh, come on! Yes, remember that time on the frozen lake? We were playing chess, you said I was boring, and then you took off your energy mask and you were Cameron Diaz! (Realizes) Okay, there's a chance this may have been a dream.
Phoebe: Why? Just 'cause you're too lazy to get up off your touchie? 
Phoebe: (smiles) Okay! (Goes to answer the phone.)
Phoebe: (answering the phone) Hello? (Listens) Hey Joey!
Phoebe: Sure! Where is it?
Phoebe: Ohh! So you're 5639?!
Phoebe: (to Joey) Ooh, do you want to talk to Chandler?
Phoebe: Who was that?
Phoebe: Yeah! (She hands the phone to Chandler.)
Phoebe: Monica! I'm sorry I'm late! (Starts looking around for her) Monica? (Goes into Monica's bedroom.)
Phoebe: (saddened) It's okay. What the hell took you so long?
Phoebe: Which Richard?
Phoebe: Richard Simmons?! Oh my God!
Phoebe: Oh! Okay, that actually makes more sense. So how was it?
Phoebe: That is so weird! I had a dream that you'd have lunch with Richard.
Phoebe: But again, Simmons. Go on.
Phoebe: Ooh! So now why can't we tell Chandler?
Phoebe: Oh, I can't believe you guys lasted a whole year!
Phoebe: Wow! I owe Rachel 20 bucks!
Phoebe: On a totally different bet.
Phoebe: Awww! Now you're just my annoying friend Chandler.
Phoebe: Okay, I'm gonna go too!
Phoebe: Oh please, you are not gonna ditch again like you did with London.
Phoebe: Uh-huh, great story! I'm going!
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Hey, you guys, listen, this weekend we're all gonna go to Las Vegas to surprise Joey! Including me!! You wanna go?!
Phoebe: Of course you can take a couple days off work because this trip includes me!
Phoebe: Oh yeah, so you can walk around naked.
Phoebe: Naked alone time.
Phoebe: Uh-huh! Why do you think it takes me so long to answer the door?
Phoebe: So, so far is this trip to Vegas better or worse than the trip to London?
Phoebe: Okay, what about after I give you these candies? (Hands them each one from her purse.)
Phoebe: Ah-ha! Okay, (takes out a notepad) Las Vegas 1, London 0! I'll be right back. (Gets up and heads aft.)
Phoebe: (sitting down) Oh good! All right, so you decided to tell him about the Richard thing.
Phoebe: Oh no. [The patented version.]
Phoebe: (To Monica under her breath) Simmons! Go with Simmons!
Phoebe: Okay, London 1…
Phoebe: Hey you guys wait! Guys! (Catches up to them.) This place is so much better than London! Okay? This lady dressed like Cleopatra gave me a coupon, 99 cent steak and lobster dinner. Huh!
Phoebe: For 99 cents, I'd eat you. (Sees the casino) Okay, I can totally settle down here. It's got everything I could ever want, including Joey! Look! (Points to Joey in his gladiator suit posing for a picture with two old ladies.) Oh! Look! Hi!
Phoebe: Hey! Joey! (They all head over to him, he spots them coming and panics.) Hey! Hey!! Wow! (She hugs him.)
Phoebe: Why are you dressed as a gladiator?
Phoebe: So you're a gladiator! Wow!
Phoebe: Monica had lunch with Richard.
Phoebe: Noo! But that would've been so cool!
Phoebe: I love Vegas!
Phoebe: Thanks.
Phoebe: Y'know Monica you had a minor setback in your relationship with Chandler. Big deal! It's only Chandler. (Monica turns and stares at her.) I am so sorry.
Phoebe: So go fix it! Go find Chandler! He's probably up in your room! Tell him that you're sorry and that you love him.
Phoebe: Sure! (When Monica gets close to the door.) (Yelling) Yeah! Las Vegas, number one!
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Yeah?
Phoebe: Ohh, you are so lucky! (To Chandler) Hey! So, where's Monica? Did you guys make up?
Phoebe: But she just came up here!
Phoebe: I wonder where she is. That is so weird.
Phoebe: Would you stop that! Do you wanna know the first thing she said when she came back from her lunch with Richard? She didn't feel anything for him. She loves you!
Phoebe: Yes! Now, she feels terrible! She really wants to make up! You gotta find her.
Phoebe: Good. (After he leaves, she puts on Joey's gladiator helmet and checks herself out in the mirror) I should really start wearing hats!
Phoebe: (sees Ross and Rachel) Hey!
Phoebe: You guys are here! Yay!
Phoebe: (sees Rachel's face) What? Did you go to a costume party? Let me guess umm Pancho Vila? (Points at Rachel) and you're Bob Saget. (An old lady has sat down at the slot machine Phoebe was just at.)
Phoebe: Yeah! (Motions to her face, indicating all of Rachel's "make-up.")
Phoebe: Whoa, what kind of party was this?
Phoebe: Ugh!
Phoebe: That's like the third time that lady's won on a machine I was playing.
Phoebe: M-M-Mole people?
Phoebe: Oh. What's a lurker?
Phoebe: Kills you?
Phoebe: Ohhh!
Phoebe: How do you know about this?
Phoebe: Dance karate?
Phoebe: (seeing her) Get out of here you lurker! (She doesn't move) Go on! Get! (She throws a quarter at her.)
Phoebe: Ohh! You made up!
Phoebe: Ohh, get a room.
Phoebe: I know. Use it.
Phoebe: Oh well, lost again. (She gets up and slowly moves away. The lurker scurries in and takes her spot, only this time Phoebe set a trap for her and catches her in the act.) That's it! You and me, outside!
Phoebe: Be cool! (They both pretend to have a nice conversation as the guard walks by, but after he leaves they both start fighting again.) Okay lady, your lurking days are over!
Phoebe: Yeah, from now on everyone you lurk, I'm gonna lurk first! You move on to someone else, I'm gonna be one step ahead of you, every single time! And then I'll be on your ass every hour of every day 'til Monday, because that's when I go home. When do you leave?
Phoebe: What time? Maybe we can share a cab!
Phoebe: I won! I won! I finally won!
Phoebe: Fine! Here! Take a hike toots! (Gives back her quarter.)
Phoebe: (quietly) Sells drugs to kids.
Phoebe: She sells drugs to kids. (The guard looks at the lurker.)
Phoebe: How about we talk about this over dinner?
Phoebe: No! No, you can't arrest me! No!! I won't go back! I won't go back to that hell hole!!
Phoebe: Oh, okay. (Walks out.)
Phoebe: (entering and sitting down at the table.) Hello. My name is Regina Phalange. I'm a businesswoman in town on business. Would you like to see my card? (Looks down) Ooh, what did I do with my file-a-facts? I must've left it in conference room B.
Phoebe: Oh my God! May I just say that you two gentlemen have the exact same hands! They're identical! Now, I've never seen anything like that in the business world.
Phoebe: No, you threw out Phoebe. I'm Ms. Regina Phalange. Phalange!
Phoebe: Okay! Okay! Okay! (They run into the chapel.)
Phoebe: (to her) Hey! Don’t you give me any of your—Hey! (Sees Chandler and Monica standing there.)
Phoebe: Well, maybe you wouldn’t have had you (turns to the attendant) run in the chapel!
Phoebe: What’s the big deal, y’know? It’s not like it’s a real marriage.
Phoebe: Yeah, if you get married in Vegas, you’re only married in Vegas.
Phoebe: (shocked) Really?! 
Phoebe: Oh my God!—Eh! Well…
Phoebe: Oh Joey, I’m so sorry. You want some of my breakfast?
Phoebe: What about my cab?
Phoebe: No, Joey! You borrowed my cab; you have to drive it back.
Phoebe: I don’t know, it’s such a long trip.
Phoebe: Are you asking me to have a frenaissance?
Phoebe: All right. Although I don’t think we need one, I never stopped loving you.
Phoebe: Um-hmm, yeah. They left me a message; they should be here any minute.
Phoebe: Well you don’t.
Phoebe: Good! Good! I was just testing you.
Phoebe: No, we were talking about tennis. Tennis is more believable. 
Phoebe: Uh-huh! Ross invited us all to watch.
Phoebe: Hell, I’m drunk right now! (They all turn and look at her.) What? I can’t have a mimosa with breakfast?! I’m on vacation!
Phoebe: Oh-oh, that’s your thing.
Phoebe: You’re thing. You’re thing. Y’know? You’re the guy who gets divorced.
Phoebe: Yes you do! This is your third divorce! You love divorce so much you’re probably gonna marry it! Then it won’t work out and you’re gonna have to divorce it, divorcing guy. (Pause) I’m so drunk.
Phoebe: Okay, you have 19 questions left. Use them wisely. (Joey groans.) Come on Joey! You can’t win if you don’t ask any (sees that he’s asleep) QUESTIONS!!!
Phoebe: Well, you promised me a fun road trip! We’ve been on the road six hours and you’ve been asleep for five and a half! We are switching at the next rest stop and you are going to drive all the way back! That will be your punishment, you greedy sleeper!
Phoebe: Yeah! And until then you are going to sing to me because the radio’s broken and you are selfish but have a nice voice.
Phoebe: Sing!!
Phoebe: (To Joey) How could you pick up a hitchhiker?! He could be a rape—(She holds her hand in front of the hitchhiker’s face), a rapist or a killer or something!
Phoebe: Y’know what? I’m not talking to you! You go back to sleep! (To the hitchhiker) And you, are you a rapist?!
Phoebe: Do you like car games?
Phoebe: I love the license plate game!
Phoebe: No-No! You need your sleep. Night-night! Shh! (She closes the partition.) 
Phoebe: Oh, okay.
Phoebe: And I have your name and the fact that you’re a drifter, so the ball’s pretty much in your court.
Phoebe: Stop it! Stop it no! That’s not fair! Y’know I can’t resist that beautiful voice!
Phoebe: You can still sleep at night and stuff.
Phoebe: Okay. Is it a kind of hot sandwich?
Phoebe: Is it a meatball sub?
Phoebe: No thanks, I’ve already seen one.
Phoebe: Always.
Phoebe: What?!
Phoebe: Always.
Phoebe: What?!
Phoebe: (running out) Wait! Wait! Hi! Listen, Ross can I just talk to you for just a second?
Phoebe: Oh, there’s a cab! Taxi!! (The cab stops and she opens the door.) Good timing, my God, huh? Here you go. (Pushes Rachel in and closes the door.) 
Phoebe: Oh, the Angelica!! Go! Go! (She bangs on the cab’s roof and it pulls away.) (To Ross) You didn’t get the annulment?!!
Phoebe: Ross?!
Phoebe: Don’t be worried about that! Your tombstone can say whatever you want it to say! It could say, Ross Geller, Good at Marriage! Y’know? Mine’s gonna say Phoebe Buffay, Buried Alive.
Phoebe: So okay what? You’re gonna be married to a girl who doesn’t even know about it?!—Op, woman! Sorry.
Phoebe: Rachel is one of my closest friends. (Pause) Although, being the only one who knows anything about this does makes me feel special. Okay!
Phoebe: Hey Rach!
Phoebe: Sorry, mix up. Hey, how was the movie?
Phoebe: Well then you’d better hurry! The Angelica! Go! Go! (Bangs on the roof again and off they go.)
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: No, why?
Phoebe: (gasps) You’re pregnant!
Phoebe: Ooh! That’s good! Wow! But now if you were pregnant, what would you name it? Hint: Phoebe.
Phoebe: Guys, I’m happy too.
Phoebe: Wow! Big day huh? People moving in, people getting annulled… (Winks at Ross.)
Phoebe: Hmm, something bad to tell Rachel… Bad news for Rachel, what could that be?!
Phoebe: Ross, it’s not that big a deal! So you’ll been divorced three times, you’ll still have a life, you’ll go on dates…
Phoebe: Ross, you’re being ridiculous! Okay? You are cute and smart and sweet and that is much more important than three stupid divorces!
Phoebe: Y’know that’s really fair. Y’know? Most guys who have been divorced three times are like 60. Ross, nobody cares about this except you! This-this embarrassment thing is all in your head! Here, I’ll show you! Come here.
Phoebe: (to the girls) Hi! Hi! Listen, my friend Ross is about to be divorced for the third time, but wouldn’t you date him?
Phoebe: Okay, so what do you think ladies? Who wouldn’t be interested? Who wouldn’t want to date him?
Phoebe: Okay, what about you? (Points to Karin) Wouldn’t you want a date?
Phoebe: (interrupting) Whatever! What about you Meg?
Phoebe: (leaning to him) She said, "He’s obviously still in love with this Rachel girl." (He glares at her.)
Phoebe: Well, I thought you loved her when you-when you married her.
Phoebe: Hey! You could do a lot worse than Joey Tribbiani!! 
Phoebe: Yes, and now he’s using this three divorces reason because he wants to stay married to her because he loves her. I must say, "Well done!" Bravo Meg.
Phoebe: (to Joey and Chandler) Okay, bye!
Phoebe: So? Did you get the annulment?
Phoebe: I knew it! Because you love Rachel.
Phoebe: Yeah, complicated ‘cause of the love.
Phoebe: I’ve never been more convinced of your love for her.
Phoebe: Oh we do, but not just yet.
Phoebe: Okay umm, well, first Chandler and Monica will get married and be filthy rich by the way. Yeah. But it won’t work out.
Phoebe: I know. Then, I’m gonna marry Chandler for the money and you’ll marry Rachel and have the beautiful kids.
Phoebe: But then we ditch those two and that’s when we get married. We’ll have Chandler’s money and Rachel’s kids and getting custody will be easy because of Rachel’s drinking problem.
Phoebe: I don’t want to go into the whole thing, but umm, we have words and I kill him.
Phoebe: Hey! Check it out! This is unbelievable! Joey has been holding his breath for almost four minutes! 
Phoebe: Uh-huh, what?
Phoebe: Oh!
Phoebe: Well, that would be great but then what do we do about Denise?
Phoebe: My roommate.
Phoebe: Yes, Denise. Denise! 
Phoebe: Maybe because you never listen to anything that I say. I talk about her all the time! DENISE!!!!!
Phoebe: Hey.
Phoebe: So, what did Rachel say when you told her you were still married to her?
Phoebe: You didn’t tell her did you?
Phoebe: Of course not, because you’re in love with her.
Phoebe: What do you mean, comforted her?
Phoebe: Ah-ha! A classic sign of love, the hug!
Phoebe: Yeah, not in your case Lovey Loverson. (Tries to take a bite out of Ross’s cookie.)
Phoebe: Okay, just tell me this, did you or did you not smell her hair?
Phoebe: Ninety percent of a women’s pheromones come out the top of her head! That’s why, that’s why women are shorter. So that men will fall in love when they hug them! (Ross is staring at her dumbfounded.) Oh come on Ross, you’re a scientist. 
Phoebe: (taking his coffee) Okay, whatever you say. But just be careful, all right? Rachel’s not in the same place you are.
Phoebe: Okay, I didn’t understand that, but y’know, maybe that’s ‘cause you were speaking the secret language of love! 
Phoebe: Shhhhhh! I’m swamped right now.
Phoebe: Umm, I’m trying to move that pencil. (There’s a pencil lying on the table.)
Phoebe: It worked!
Phoebe: Wait, no, look at this! (Points to one.) (Reading) "Two bedroom, two bath, must be non-smoker, Satan worshipers okay…" Oh, yeah, but it’s on the ground floor.
Phoebe: I saw it.
Phoebe: Umm, I’m talking about that which you already know but won’t admit. You love her again; you re-love her!
Phoebe: I can’t believe you won’t just admit it! (Pause) Okay, just promise me that you won’t do anything stupid.
Phoebe: What?!
Phoebe: Wow! I’m-I’m so happy for you guys. (To Ross) This is so-so, not stupid.
Phoebe: No. No, I won’t. But I should tell you this, this exact same thing happened to my roommate Denise. She moved in with a guy who was secretly married to her and he said he didn’t love her, but he really did, and it just blew up! And that’s how she ended up living with me! (Ross looks at her.) (Pause) Okay, that’s a lie.
Phoebe: (singing) I found you in my bed!                            How’d you whined up there?                            You are a mystery!                           Little black curly hair!                           Little black curly hair!                           Little black, little black, little black, little black, little black curly hair…………
Phoebe: Now if you want to receive e-mails about my upcoming shows, then please give me money so I can buy a computer.
Phoebe: (on the microphone, accidentally) Yes.
Phoebe: Ross, I know what you’re thinking.
Phoebe: That she’s gonna move in with you and maybe then she’ll fall in love with you and then when she finds out you’re already married, she’ll just be happy. Y’know? You’re just, you’re very sad.
Phoebe: What?!!
Phoebe: No! (Ross’s phone rings.)
Phoebe: Yeah, Professor and Mrs.
Phoebe: Oh! Yeah, y’know you and Ross are still married.
Phoebe: Just kidding!
Phoebe: (To Ross) Saved your ass.
Phoebe: Hi.
Phoebe: Well, you know that psychic I see?
Phoebe: Well, she told me that I’m gonna die this week, so I’m kinda bummed about that.
Phoebe: Yeah, and I know you guys don’t know a lot about psychic readings, but that one is pretty much the worse one you can get.
Phoebe: I don’t—she said y’know that I’d have triplets! But she also said one of them would be black.
Phoebe: No, ‘cause she didn’t tell me I was gonna die until the very end of the session, and I was not gonna waste a whole another hour there! I mean I’ve only got a week left, y’know? I’ve really gotta start living now! (So she picks up the latest copy of Car and Driver (a U.S. auto magazine), leans back, and starts reading.)
Phoebe: Oh, this is it. This what’s gonna kill me.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Ugh, it’s so exhausting waiting for death. Ohh, by the way, do you think you could—(Groans, hacks, and then freezes with her eyes open and her tongue hanging out.)
Phoebe: I was preparing you for my—didn’t you think I was dead? Did that not come off?
Phoebe: Yeah, thanks. And listen, can you do me a favor? Could you just umm, wake me up in a couple hours, y’know if you can.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: What’s going on?
Phoebe: Hey! Maybe you’ll die!
Phoebe: No, we can go together! Just don’t wait too long though, okay? ‘Cause I’m outta here sometime before Friday.
Phoebe: No-no, it’ll be fun! We can come back and we can haunt these guys!
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!
Phoebe: Listen to this! My reading was wrong, I’m not going die!
Phoebe: Because my psychic is dead! She must’ve read the cards wrong!
Phoebe: Eh, better her than me! Hey, let’s bake cookies!
Phoebe: Have you really done this before?
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: We’re just celebrating that Joey got his health insurance back.
Phoebe: (overdoing it) Oh my God!!
Phoebe: Okay, this is inexcusable. I am shocked to my very core!
Phoebe: Another lie. You have a sickness!
Phoebe: (coming in from the bathroom) Oh, good, good, you guys are here! Listen, how would like to spend tomorrow taking care of three incredibly cute little puppies?!
Phoebe: Okay, well I’ll bring them by tomorrow morning. Okay, and uh, by the way, they’re not actually puppies, they’re Frank and Alice’s triplets. Okay, see ya! (Exits.)
Phoebe: (stops) Please! Please! Please! Please! Oh please! Please! Please! Frank and Alice asked me to baby sit the triplets and I’m nervous ‘cause I’ve never done that before by myself!
Phoebe: What about me? I just found out that Denise is leaving town for a while, I don’t have a roommate.
Phoebe: Maybe you could be my roommate!
Phoebe: Yeah!
Phoebe: Umm, she said she’d be back December 26th. 
Phoebe: (rapidly) I’m doing okay. I think it’s going well. Do you think they’re having fun? Am I talking to fast?
Phoebe: Na-uh, no, we are all responsible for our own babies.
Phoebe: That sounds really great, but maybe you should be in charge of wiping.
Phoebe: Yeah? (Checking the final diaper) Well this is not what I ordered.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: I don’t know why I was so nervous about this. And I don’t know why Frank and Alice are always complaining. This is so easy.
Phoebe: No Chandler, they can swallow one of those little parts! And also, look at his smooth area, that’s just gonna mess them up.
Phoebe: What?!
Phoebe: Oh, look at little Leslie stretching in her sleep.
Phoebe: Oh, I can still do that.
Phoebe: How did that happen?!!
Phoebe: Yeah, but only a genius would swallow a sonic blaster gun.
Phoebe: What?! No, you can’t, you can’t leave me here with them! We’re baby-sitting! 
Phoebe: But you-you can’t leave me with them! We-we’re a team! We’re playing a zone! They’re gonna triple team me!
Phoebe: But no, because a doctor won’t be able to help him, it’s just gonna y’know naturally pass through his system in like seven years.
Phoebe: I’m pretty sure it’s gun.
Phoebe: A real man wouldn’t just run to the hospital! (They don’t stop.) No! What would, what would Krog do? (They ignore her and Phoebe is left alone.)
Phoebe: Me taking care of you is no problem, huh? You guys feel safe. Right? Okay, I’m gonna take that spit bubble as, "Yeah, I do!" Okay, after I get rid of this dirty diaper Leslie, I’ll set you up with a clean one. (She throws it at the garbage without looking, misses, and knocks over a vase and flowers, which fall to the floor and break.) Okay, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you. I just have to clean that up. Okay? ‘Cause let’s face it, we’re at Monica’s. (She crawls over, disposes of the diaper, picks up the flowers, and the vase.) I broke it. All right. Well, that’s just the way that goes. (She throws out both the flowers and the vase.) Okay, good. (She turns around and only counts two babies.) Why are there only two of you? Where is Leslie? Well, you can’t answer. (She starts looking for her) Leslie? Where are you Leslie? Leslie, now would be a good time for your first words! (She turns around and finds that Leslie has managed to crawl into the bottom drawer of the TV cabinet.) Well, look at you! Hey! You are a little bit mischievous! My gosh! (She picks her up and notices a surprise is waiting in the drawer.) Oh, you’re a lot mischievous! Well, it’ll dry. (Closes the drawer with her foot.) (To Leslie) Okay, you sit with your brother and sister now—who aren’t there! (They both have disappeared as well.)
Phoebe: (exhausted) How do you feel?
Phoebe: Okay, so I totally took care of the babies all by myself! I fed ‘em, bathed ‘em, and put ‘em to bed.
Phoebe: I know, the babies are asleep.
Phoebe: I did it! I took care of the babies all by myself!
Phoebe: So is Joey going to have to give up the apartment?
Phoebe: Well, how much do you think he needs?
Phoebe: Why don’t you hire him as an actor? You could have him dress up and put on little skits. Whatever you want.
Phoebe: And also, my birthday.
Phoebe: What a mean thing to say! I would never tell you it’s not your birthday!
Phoebe: Hey! So you guys have anything planned for the big last night?
Phoebe: My God, I can’t get a minute of peace around this place.
Phoebe: Oh my God! Monica’s just gonna kill you.
Phoebe: Well, what you’re wearing is fine for that.
Phoebe: I have plans.
Phoebe: That’s right.
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: Hurry! Monica’s gonna make you pack! She’s got jobs for everyone! Now, it’s too late for me, but save your selves! (The guys scramble for the door.)
Phoebe: You guys, we said we were gonna have fun! Come on, hey, remember the time… (She starts laughing hysterically.) You don’t remember?
Phoebe: Well, this doesn’t have to be so sad though. Y’know? Maybe instead of just thinking about how much you’re gonna miss each other, you should like think of the things you’re not gonna miss.
Phoebe: Come on, there’s gotta be something.
Phoebe: Good! Great! You can go first.
Phoebe: Good that’s a good one. Okay, Monica, anything? Y’know? Does Rachel move the phone pen?
Phoebe: Okay, good. There you go. Doesn’t anyone feel better?
Phoebe: Great! It worked! No one’s sad.
Phoebe: Yeah, I think it was better when you guys were sad. Hey, uh, remember the roller blades?
Phoebe: Hey! I call her!
Phoebe: Yeah, we should get a move on if we wanna make those dinner reservations. (Phoebe dumps a drawer full of makeup into a box.)
Phoebe: Well, one of you has to take the first step! And it should be you, because she’s the one who’s leaving. It’s harder for her!
Phoebe: I know, I took it hard too.
Phoebe: Hey, how are you guys doing?
Phoebe: Okay, you guys. You guys I think I know what’s going on here. Okay, you guys… STOP!! (They stop.) I know that, I know that you’re acting mad because you think that it’ll make it easier to leave. But deep down you’re still really sad. Deep-deep down.
Phoebe: Well, deep-deep-deep down!
Phoebe: Then keep running. (They resume the chase.)
Phoebe: Hey you guys, I don’t mean to make things worse, but umm, I don’t want to live with Rachel anymore.
Phoebe: You’re just so mean to each other! And I don’t want to end up like that with Rachel. I still like you!
Phoebe: What else?
Phoebe: That’s nice. I like having things to read in the bathroom.
Phoebe: Okay Rachel, I can’t wait to live with you! And you know what we should do? Bring Monica and then we could all live there together! We’ll have so much fun!!
Phoebe: Oh that’s right. You’re still set on that?
Phoebe: Ready?
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: it's...
Phoebe: and…
Phoebe: please...
Phoebe: leave…
Phoebe: Yeah, I know because you have all the good words. What do I get? I get "it’s," "and" oh I'm sorry, I have "A." Forget it.
Phoebe: All right, so let's switch.
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: Hi…
Phoebe: It's…
Phoebe: and…
Phoebe: Please...wait, how did you do that?
Phoebe: Oh, you're no ordinary roommate are you?
Phoebe: Really?
Phoebe: Okay, let's go running!
Phoebe: Let's run towards them!
Phoebe: All right, wait just one more second. Hi, it's Phoebe and Rachel's. Please leave a message, thanks! 
Phoebe: Uh-huh. You've met your match Rachel Green.
Phoebe: I have to tie my shoe, so you go ahead, I'll catch up.
Phoebe: Okay. (Starts running crazily with her arms flapping and her legs far apart) Come on! That's not running! Let's go! (Rachel pauses, then follows, embarrassed.)
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Why? Why would you do that?
Phoebe: (jumps in front of Rachel) Hi! Oh yeah, uh-huh, it's me. I saw you grab your running shoes this morning and sneak out. You lied so you could run by yourself.
Phoebe: Please Rachel, I am not an idiot. (Runs off)
Phoebe: Sure 
Phoebe: So, what should you have done?
Phoebe: Uh-Huh, Which is...?
Phoebe: So?
Phoebe: Why do you care?
Phoebe: But people that you don't know and will never see again.
Phoebe: Well, I didn't get embarrassed running next to Miss (panting). But no, okay. No, no, I can see why running with me would be embarrassing to you. Yeah, okay. You're uptight.
Phoebe: That's okay Rachel. I'm not judging you; that's just who you are. Me. I'm more free y'know? I run like I did when I was a kid, cause that's the only way it's fun. Y'know, I mean didn’t you ever run so fast you thought your legs were gonna fall off? Y'know, like when you were like running towards the swings or running away from Satan? (Rachel looks confused) The neighbor's dog.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: See? And you don't care if people are staring, it's just for a second cause then you're gone!
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Wow, that sounds great! And what are you making Monica, in case Rachel’s dessert is...[about to say “bad”] so good that I eat all of it. There’s none left for anybody else!
Phoebe: And who else is going to be there?
Phoebe: Yeah, and-and leaving us to go see hot dancer girls is not very Thanksgivingy.
Phoebe: Rach, Rach, I just remembered. I had a dream about Mr. Geller last night.
Phoebe: Yeah, I dreamt that he saved me from a burning building and he was so brave and so strong! And it’s making me look at him totally differently. Y’know, I mean he used to be just, y’know “Jack Geller Monica and Ross’s dad” and now he’s he’s “Jack Geller, dream hunk."
Phoebe: Rachel?
Phoebe: Okay, look at him. Look at those strong hands. Oh what I wouldn’t give to be that can of (looks closer to see what Jack is drinking) condensed milk.
Phoebe: Monica, leave him alone!
Phoebe: So, now, Rach, this is a traditional English trifle, isn’t it?
Phoebe: Wow. So then did you make it with beef or Eggplant?
Phoebe: I can’t have any. You know I don’t eat meat. (Faking dissapointment.) Ohhh no.
Phoebe: Rachel, come here. (Rachel walks over to Phoebe. Chandler sits down on the lounge-chair.) Okay, I was just starting to take my Thanksgiving nap, and I had another dream about Jack.
Phoebe: I dunno, let’s see! So, okay, I dreamt that we were gonna get married, and he left, becuz he had to go fight a fire. And, um, so okay, I went to a night club, and I saw him making out with a girl.
Phoebe: Yeah, but then Jacques Cousteau came and he kicked his ass for betraying me! It was soo cool! Then, he took me diving and he introduced me to his pet seahorse, who, by the way, was totally coming on to me, and please, that is not gonna happen.
Phoebe: Five minutes ago, a line like that would’ve floored me. Now nothing. Well, not nothing, I am still a woman.
Phoebe: (joining in) I love Jacques Cousteau!
Phoebe: That is nice and we’re done. TADA!
Phoebe: Yeah, Chandler why don’t you take a walk? This doesn’t concern you.
Phoebe: No-no, we do it every year!
Phoebe: No, yeah, we never find them! She’s always best at us that wily minx.
Phoebe: But we have to!
Phoebe: Well then, you should look with us.
Phoebe: Oh, that’s it? (Mimics Chandler) A great idea!
Phoebe: Ooh ooh, we have a live one!
Phoebe: Ooh, who’s it for?
Phoebe: Uh-oh. She may be onto us.
Phoebe: Yeah, and you have nothing to worry about 'cos they're all crap!
Phoebe: Ohhh. Thanks Chandler they're great!
Phoebe: Oh, okay, I'm sorry, thank you for my azzz. 
Phoebe: Hey! Look who I found!
Phoebe: Y’know, birds have a very good sense of direction, and I thought maybe they could help us find where the presents are hidden.
Phoebe: Or we could just follow your clever jokes – any ideas? No! Didn’t think so! Okay, c’mon guys, show us where the presents are!
Phoebe: Hmm, how about my azzz?
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: No, don’t look directly at them!
Phoebe: Alright, no, we could look at them!
Phoebe: Oh, this one’s for Chandler. Here.
Phoebe: And the big one’s for me!
Phoebe: Hee hee!
Phoebe: Will you get us better gifts?
Phoebe: Oh yes, I see what you mean. That look is priceless.
Phoebe: She’s made it pretty clear, it is not going to happen.
Phoebe: Yeah well, we’ll see.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: (sees the table) Ooh, what a great table! Where-where did you get it?
Phoebe: Umm, a flea market?
Phoebe: Wow! Oh you can just imagine that this is where (She’s opening and closing the drawers) they kept all the stuff to make their potions.
Phoebe: Y’know? Ooh, you can almost smell the opium.
Phoebe: How much was it?
Phoebe: 500 bucks at a flea market?!
Phoebe: Oh no.
Phoebe: A dollar?
Phoebe: Ohh, okay, they gave you the old time pricing.
Phoebe: Well, what period is it from?
Phoebe: Yes, yes I do. God, oh it’s just perfect! Wow! I bet it has a great story behind it too. Did they tell you anything? Like y’know where it was from or…
Phoebe: (gasps) White Plains. Oh, it sounds like such a magical place.
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!
Phoebe: Okay. Hey—Ooh, cool sheets! (Notices the sheet over the table.) 
Phoebe: Sure!
Phoebe: You bought your sheets at a flea market? Ross come on, you gotta loosen the purse strings a little.
Phoebe: Oh sure! (She goes to take her feet off, but drags the sheet with her which spills the wine.) Noo!
Phoebe: What?!
Phoebe: Ross, where did you get this?!
Phoebe: Wow! Oh my God, well if they’ve ripped off our table ours must be much more than one and fifty dollars!
Phoebe: Well this doesn’t even smell like opium.
Phoebe: Oh Ross, calm down, I’ll give you the 80 cents. (Ross glares at Rachel)
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!
Phoebe: (sees Ross) Oh Ross no. Be careful, that is very old! Okay? Early Colonial bird merchants used to bring their birds to market in that.
Phoebe: (gasps) Another amazing find! Wow! Oh I bet this has a great story too!
Phoebe: Ah!
Phoebe: Yeah no, I’m telling you Rachel has such a great eye for this stuff. Ross, y’know if you ever decide you need to redecorate—And I think that you should. You should, you should ask Rachel to help.
Phoebe: Oh, come on! I think he’s ready to get rid of, what did you call it? The cheap knock-offs and dinosaur junk.
Phoebe: No! I do want to!
Phoebe: Yeah!
Phoebe: Well at least I got these sheets for Ross.
Phoebe: Uck, look at this! Pottery Barn, yuck!
Phoebe: No! Look-look! There’s the coffee table they stole from us!
Phoebe: That fan kinda looks like ours. And the birdcage and the…wait a sec! This is our exact living room!
Phoebe: Oh my God. This is where you got all our stuff, Pottery Barn! Oh my God!
Phoebe: No-no-no, but I am mad! I am mad! Because this stuff is everything that is wrong with the world! And it’s all sitting up in my living room and all I can think about is how I don’t have that lamp!
Phoebe: I can’t! I can’t! Unless… Well are you saying that-that you would move out if-if I didn’t buy that lamp?
Phoebe: But are you saying that you would move out if I didn’t buy that lamp?
Phoebe: Okay then I don’t have a choice! I have to buy that lamp!
Phoebe: But at least the apothecary table is real.
Phoebe: I didn’t know Playboy prints jokes.
Phoebe: (entering) Hey.
Phoebe: Wh-wh-what are you doing?
Phoebe: Oh, I want to look too! (She runs over and sits down and checks out a picture). Yikes!
Phoebe: Oh, yeah. Aw, remember the days when you used to go out to the barn, lift up your shirt, and bend over?
Phoebe: Rachel.
Phoebe: I don’t know. (Pause) Me neither.
Phoebe: I guess it was kinda funny.
Phoebe: Fine. The reason that I was leaning a little bit more toward Rachel than you is just that you’re … just … kinda high maintenance—Okay let’s go to lunch!
Phoebe: No, okay, you’re right. You’re easy-going. You’re just not as easy-going as Rachel. She’s just more flexible and-and mellow. That’s all.
Phoebe: Ya, you know, Rachel … she’ll do whatever you want. Y’know, you can just walk all over her.
Phoebe: Oh, okay, (laughing) you’re not a pushover.
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: That true, I am flaky.
Phoebe: Yeah, totally.
Phoebe: That’s great. Good for you guys.
Phoebe: Who said you were?
Phoebe: Oh, I’m flaky. I’ll say anything.
Phoebe: Really? I’ve heard better.
Phoebe: (to Monica) Y’know, suddenly I find you very attractive.
Phoebe: Wow! That is a bad audition.
Phoebe: (returning from the bathroom) Rach, you’re in my seat.
Phoebe: Hey, I never got to hear who you guys would pick to be your girlfriend.
Phoebe: Yeah, well, I kinda thought.
Phoebe: Yeah Joey that is so gross!
Phoebe: (giggles) I’m pretty.
Phoebe: Oh I do! (She grabs her huge purse and starts rummaging through it and taking out various items in a futile search for the gum.) Oh, y’know what? No. (Pause) Wait a second. (She removes a bag filled with water that has a goldfish swimming in it.) I know it’s in here somewhere.
Phoebe: (To Ross) Which-which sister is this? Is this the spoiled one or that’s bitter?
Phoebe: Never mind, I got it.
Phoebe: Of course, yeah!
Phoebe: Ooh, I like cards.
Phoebe: Seriously, I don’t Rachel’s gonna think it’s a good idea.
Phoebe: I would love that job!
Phoebe: Sorry Jill.
Phoebe: Oh well, all right, I got (Ross hands her a bag) (To Ross) thank you, I got uh, this y’know "I want a job sweater." (Holds up the same sweater.)
Phoebe: And, and then I got uh, these are apartment pants.
Phoebe: Yeah, you never heard of them?
Phoebe: What about, what about when I said y’know about the apartment pants, how dumb was I?
Phoebe: (gets up and sits between them) Okay-okay, why don’t I sit here and you’ll both stop it!
Phoebe: Hey.
Phoebe: Umm, I think there’s something you should maybe know.
Phoebe: No. No. It’s just I was umm, I was with Ross and Jill after you left and umm, I’m pretty sure I saw a little spark between them.
Phoebe: Yeah I mean it’s probably nothing, but I just wanted to warn you that there might be something there.
Phoebe: Yeah!
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: Okay then.
Phoebe: But great news about the apartment pants, huh?
Phoebe: (crying) Yeah me too.
Phoebe: Oh y’know what’s sadder than this? Bambi. I cried for three days with that movie. No wait two! Because on the third day my mother killed herself so I was partly crying for that.
Phoebe: All right, what’s going on there? (Points to a picture.)
Phoebe: Oh Chandler!
Phoebe: So that story doesn’t make you cry?
Phoebe: Yeah?
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: Oh you’re my biggest fan? I’ve always wanted to meet you! Hi! (Shakes his hand.) Sure! Yeah! (Signs the autograph)
Phoebe: You’re just saying that because you’re my biggest fan. (The fan leaves and Joey approaches.) (To Joey) Joey listen, take good care of that guy, okay? (Points) He’s a fan. (To the fan as she’s leaving) Bye! (Exits)
Phoebe: (entering) Hey! What’s up? (Sees the TV) Oh my God! What am I doing?!!
Phoebe: It’s Phoebe! Phoebe!
Phoebe: (seeing her dress) Oh God. So-so you’re making porn movies.
Phoebe: You’re making one right now!
Phoebe: And-and you’re using my name!
Phoebe: Look, I’m talking right now! You’re—you mean her.
Phoebe: What?!
Phoebe: No!! No way! No! And stop using my name! And shame on you! (Yells into the apartment) And shame on all of you! You’re disgusting! Especially you (points to someone) with that! (Storms away.)
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: So, I just came from the company Ursula works for.
Phoebe: No! No! I just went to pick up Phoebe Buffay’s checks; there were a lot of them.
Phoebe: Um-mmm, and I won’t have to go there anymore because I gave them my correct address.
Phoebe: Oh no! No! I know how to handle it.
Phoebe: Yeah. (She notices some guy putting a coat on his girlfriend is trying to remember where he’s seen her before.) (To him) You’re trying to figure out where you know me from? All right, I’ll give you a hint. From porn! Okay? (He tries to rush his girlfriend out.) Yeah your pervert boyfriend watched me in a porno movie! (To Joey) See?
Phoebe: Wow!
Phoebe: No! Barry and Mindy.
Phoebe: Which time?
Phoebe: What if I had taken that job at Merrill Lynch?
Phoebe: Yeah, I had a massage client who worked there and-and he said I had a knack for stocks.
Phoebe: Because at that time you see, I thought everything that rhymed was true. So I thought y’know that if I’d work with stocks, I’d have to live in a box, and only eat lox, and have a pet fox.
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: Ohh that’s so sweet! (Her cell phone rings.) Oh! Hang on! (Quickly grabs a cigarette and starts to light it as her phone rings.) Hang onnnnnn!!! (Gets the cigarette lighted and answers the phone.) (On phone.) Go!! No! No-no! I said sell when it hits 50! 5-0, it’s a number! It comes after 4-9!! No, it’s okay. It’s okay, you’re allowed one mistake. Just kidding, you are of course fired.
Phoebe: Hi!
Phoebe: Hang on! Hang on! Hang on! (Answering the phone.) Go!! Who’s this? (Listens) Oh okay, you’re gonna like working for me. What’s your name? (Listens) What kind of name is Brendy? I… Whatever… Stop talking! All right, from now on your name is Joan. You can pick your own last name.
Phoebe: (yelling from Monica’s room) No-no!! No!!
Phoebe: No! There-there was a little, a little diff in the market and I lost 13 million dollars.
Phoebe: What am I gonna do?! What am I gonna do?! I can’t call my office they’ll kill me! I can’t call my clients they’ll kill themselves! Great, now my chest hearts.
Phoebe: (louder) My chest hurts! Oh, and now I-I can’t breathe.
Phoebe: Oh, if I were, would-would I have shooting pains up and down my left arm?
Phoebe: Then yes that is what I’m having. (Takes another puff of the cigarette.)
Phoebe: Most people don’t like their jobs, I love my job! I have not been working for three hours and I’m already going crazy. I miss Joan.
Phoebe: (To Ross) So what’s going on with you?
Phoebe: Still going through that dry spell with Carol?
Phoebe: How long has it been since you had sex?
Phoebe: Oh that’s not so bad.
Phoebe: That is.
Phoebe: Maybe you need to spice things up a little.
Phoebe: I don’t know. You could tie her up, she could tie you up; you could eat stuff off each other…
Phoebe: Y’know, dirty talk, ménage à trois, toys…
Phoebe: Roll playing… You could be the warden; she could be the prisoner. You could be the pirate; she could be the wench!
Phoebe: Yeah! Or too, you could be two stockbrokers and you’re-you’re-you’re rolling around naked on the trading floor and everybody’s watching! (Ross looks at her.) It never happened.
Phoebe: Oh yeah, the doctor said that could be one of the side effects. 
Phoebe: No! It’s not a cigarette! The smoke is coming out of me!
Phoebe: Okay! Okay! (Puts it out and comes out of the bathroom.) I’m so glad you’re here.
Phoebe: Oh, give it to me.
Phoebe: Give it!
Phoebe: Was it my work? Were they mad? Was it Jack? Did he yell?!
Phoebe: Thank God.
Phoebe: Hey.
Phoebe: Well, I’ve got to get out of this bed, I’m going crazy here. Crazy!
Phoebe: What the hell is this, herbal tea? I hate herbal tea!
Phoebe: What are you two girls whispering about over there?!
Phoebe: Okay, what is this? A stupid contest? Because we got a winner here! (Points at Ross.)
Phoebe: I know! But if I didn’t work there, what else would I do?
Phoebe: Yeah that was lucrative! Smart like your brother!
Phoebe: Hmm, pulling in a salary in the high six figures or rubbing gross naked people for chump change—ooh, what do I do?! What will I do?!
Phoebe: I thought I’d try to take a walk. Would you pour me some water? I’ll be back soon.
Phoebe: No. I’ve learned my lesson.
Phoebe: Let’s go! Come on! Move it! (Grabs her coat.) Come on! (To an old man who’s holding her shoes and briefcase.) Shoes! Briefcase! (Takes them both.) Thanks Lou, good luck with the gall bladder. (She leaves.)
Phoebe: Surprise! Look who’s back!
Phoebe: Hey! 
Phoebe: Uh, I don’t think so!
Phoebe: Jack!! Hey!
Phoebe: All better! Back to work! Except this clown from research told me I was fired. He should do his research, huh?
Phoebe: Nu-uh!
Phoebe: Oh, okay I didn’t get that message. So this doesn’t count—Anyway, I’ll be in my office.
Phoebe: That’s all right, I’ll work here. This is goo, next to this plant. (She picks a place in the lobby next to a plant.)
Phoebe: You’re in my office! Look, I have made a lot of cash for this company! Okay? I am talking big bucks! Pesos! Yen! Rubles! You make one little mistake…
Phoebe: Oh, so this is all about money! Y’know it’s bad enough that—Ow! Oh, you have got to be kidding!
Phoebe: I’m having another heart attack!
Phoebe: I’m having another heart attack!! Call 9-1-1!!
Phoebe: (to Arthur, he’s the guy calling 9-1-1) Dumbass!
Phoebe: Well, they fired me and I’m having heart attack.
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: (singing)
Phoebe: Or, y’know, I used to beg for money. Of course it helps if you’ve got y’know a little of this (she sticks her chest out and shakes it) goin’ on. Wow! I still have it!
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Ohh! We went to a self-defense class today!
Phoebe: Now, we can kick anybody’s ass!
Phoebe: Yeah it is! It is! It’s freshwater eel!
Phoebe: (deadpan) Come on Ross. We’re sorry. Please tell us what it is.
Phoebe: You mean in case someone is trying to steal your bamboo sleeping mat or your kettle of fish?
Phoebe: No.
Phoebe: Ooh, Joey, that’s actually a really good idea!
Phoebe: You guys!
Phoebe: Oh, I love paper mache! What did you make?
Phoebe: What is that?
Phoebe: Ohh! I have! I have! I started making these little sock bunnies! (She takes out a sock that’s been made into a bunny with eyes, nose, mouth, whiskers, and two other socks sown onto it for ears.) Oh for crying out loud!
Phoebe: Now, it’s you little bunny friend. (She sticks it in Rachel’s face and they both laugh.)
Phoebe: Ross!!!
Phoebe: Ohh, you’re a freak!!
Phoebe: Pat Sajak?
Phoebe: Alex Trebek?
Phoebe: Chuck Woolery?
Phoebe: Say we are unagi!
Phoebe: (stopping her) No Rachel! They got here first!
Phoebe: Why is Ross doing that?
Phoebe: We should help him!
Phoebe: What’s a Movement class?
Phoebe: Oh my God! How bad was it?
Phoebe: Coming through! (Has to dodge a fireman) Oh! Coming through! (Sees a cute one.) Oh! Hello! Hi! (Smiles then realizes) No! Right! Coming through! 
Phoebe: Oh!
Phoebe: Oh, it’s bad. It’s really bad. The only thing in there that isn’t burned is an ass. Which I do not remember buying!
Phoebe: No, not usually. But yeah, I could use one right now.
Phoebe: Yes! I do! All the time! I love them! Oh my God! I did it! It’s me! It’s me! I burned down the house! I burned down the house!
Phoebe: Well, since the fire was kinda my fault I guess (To Rachel) you should get to stay here.
Phoebe: Well no, it was my fault so you should get the nice room.
Phoebe: What’s that smell?
Phoebe: So did you sleep well last night?
Phoebe: Yeah?
Phoebe: Y’know what Joey left on my pillow?
Phoebe: Gum!
Phoebe: Yeah I know, it was my candle. My candle!
Phoebe: I don’t use a curling iron.
Phoebe: Thanks Monica!
Phoebe: What the smell from Joey’s? No, I can hardly smell it over here.
Phoebe: I can smell it a little, bake the pie.
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: Oh! (Takes the phone.) Hello? (Listens) Yeah this is Phoebe. (Listens) Really?!
Phoebe: Well, not much has changed in the last five minutes.
Phoebe: Oh that’s all right. I’m still full from your homemade potato chips.
Phoebe: Okay. (Reaches for one.)
Phoebe: (gritting her teeth) Okay, I’ll be out in a second.
Phoebe: That doesn’t lock does it?
Phoebe: (entering) Hey! Hi!
Phoebe: (To Rachel) Listen umm, yeah okay, I need to talk to you!
Phoebe: Now I know that they said that the umm, the hair straightener started the fire but I think I’m partly at fault. You see, I didn’t, I didn’t tell you but umm, but I-I had recently refilled the tissues and so y’know let’s just face it, that’s just kindling! So I think it’s better that I stay at Joey’s.
Phoebe: Okay. Oh umm, Chandler, Monica is looking for you.
Phoebe: Yeah she said something about crumbies.
Phoebe: (To Rachel) Okay, you have to switch with me! Monica is driving me crazy!
Phoebe: No but at Monica’s you can eat cookies over the sink!
Phoebe: All right fine! This looks like so much fun. (Examining the bowl of wet paper towels.)
Phoebe: God, what a mess. (She grabs the bowl and heads for Monica’s.)
Phoebe: Well, what kind of guy are you looking for?
Phoebe: Y’know, this is probably none of my business, but weren’t you guys supposed to not be seen in public together?
Phoebe: Oh, sly.
Phoebe: (interrupting) Okay, I got a good one. Okay, umm, what is she? Like 12?
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!
Phoebe: Okay, I just thought of the perfect guy for Rachel to take to her thing.
Phoebe: Oh that’s good, I guess she’ll have a choice between my guy and your weirdo.
Phoebe: ‘Cause that’s just your taste.
Phoebe: Oh yeah?
Phoebe: My guy is a lawyer who has volunteer work. And, he has one of these (She squeezes the skin on her chin together to form…)
Phoebe: A chin dimple!
Phoebe: Have you seen your guy’s body?
Phoebe: Well my guy is spectacular. Okay? He’s a massage client and one time umm, when he was on the table, I looked at it. And I mean all of it.
Phoebe: Oh yeah, like there are police for that!
Phoebe: I know. (Laughs.)
Phoebe: Oh, Chandler funny?
Phoebe: My guy is well read.
Phoebe: My guy has great teeth!
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: What did you do on yours?
Phoebe: Rachel, what the hell is this?!
Phoebe: You ask us to find you a guy and you come traipsing in here with your own!
Phoebe: Yeah and I-I found you one too who is not a weirdo.
Phoebe: So, Sebastian, do you do any volunteer work?
Phoebe: No reason, it’s just I know a single guy that cares about other people.
Phoebe: Well, so do a lot of people.
Phoebe: Yeah, y’know what I noticed Rachel? He scares easy. Is that the kind of guy you’d like to take to a ball? "Hey Sebastian, would you like to dance?" (Imitates him.) "Uhh, okay—I gotta go!"
Phoebe: Yeah! What have you got to lose? Y’know you might even end up with someone really special (whispers) if you pick my guy.
Phoebe: Okay sure!
Phoebe: Ooh, technically you owe me $600 for sending out happy thoughts on your last ten auditions.
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: Ross, you can’t tell her not to go. You just started dating.
Phoebe: Nothing, you just have to be cool with it.
Phoebe: This is Patrick. (Points to him.)
Phoebe: (looks) Oh my God, you’re right! I am too late; they’re sitting on the couch and talking! (To Patrick) Come on! (They go over to the couch.) Rachel?
Phoebe: This is Patrick.
Phoebe: Yeah, this is the guy I was telling you about. 
Phoebe: Yeah. And believe me, this suit does not do justice to what’s underneath it.
Phoebe: Yeah?
Phoebe: Oh! Okay! Yeah, that’s okay. (To Patrick) Have a seat. (Sits Patrick down next to Rachel.)
Phoebe: Rachel? Patrick is really rich. (To Patrick) Give her some money.
Phoebe: Yeah, okay, let’s talk it out.
Phoebe: Then why did she ask us to…
Phoebe: Rachel, we’re sorry for pushing those guys on you.
Phoebe: Oh my God, look! That’s Elizabeth!
Phoebe: You’ve got to get out of here! Save yourself!
Phoebe: Don’t worry about me, I’m a robot! I’m just a machine!!
Phoebe: (she stops reading from the script) Oh my God.
Phoebe: I am extremely talented!
Phoebe: (interrupting) No, I mean I was really acting my ass off.
Phoebe: Oh yeah, you’re solid. Yeah, you’re just no me.
Phoebe: (tremendously overacting) Fine! I’ll do it without you! (Joey gives her thumbs up) I don’t need you or anybody else! I’m gonna make it on my own! (Joey closes the door to his bedroom.) You’ll see!! You’ll all see!! 
Phoebe: I am.
Phoebe: (overacting with a song this time) (singing) Gooood luck! Gooood luck! We all wish you good luuuuuuuuck!!!
Phoebe:  Well, he came in for a massage and everything was fine until... (The flashback shows Paulo lying face down on the massage table and slowly moving his hands up Phoebe's legs and grabbing her butt.)
Phoebe:  And all of the sudden his hands weren't the problem anymore. (The flashback shows Paulo rolling over and showing Phoebe his equipment.)
Phoebe:  Oh, Boy Scouts could've camped under it!
Phoebe:  It's not that bad.
Phoebe:  Chandler, Chandler.
Phoebe: Oh!  All right.  Now, let's not do this!
Phoebe: Happy thoughts!  Happy thoughts!
Phoebe: OK, now I'm gonna kick some ass.
Phoebe: I know!  I know!  I know! 
Phoebe: Alright, now I will let go if you both stop.
Phoebe: There we go.You know what, if we were in prison, you guys would be, like, my bitches.
Phoebe: (overacting badly) I can’t! My circuits are fried! They’re fried I tell you!!
Phoebe: I thought you were excellent! In fact for a minute there I was like, "Ooh, where’d Ross go?"
Phoebe: Yeah?
Phoebe: (To Ross) He’s holding us back.
Phoebe: No! Joey, you’re going to be great!
Phoebe: (in a sexy voice to Chandler) I’ll be waiting.
Phoebe: No, I’m just deciding which one to use—I’m gonna start writing another book!
Phoebe: Well, if you must know I have written 14 books. And as I am the only one who has read them, I can tell you that they all have been very well received. 
Phoebe: Oh, Rachel and I have appointments to get our hair cut.
Phoebe: I want to see what he wants first.
Phoebe: You’re Elizabeth’s father, huh? I can see now where she gets her rugged handsomeness.
Phoebe: Yeah. Not looking for dates. (Monica turns in horror.)
Monica and Phoebe: 
Phoebe: (writing frantically) You guys, I’m sorry, could you please talk a little slower? 
Phoebe: Yeah, it’s about relationships. Y’know? The traps, the pitfalls, what not to do, keep going. This stuff is great!
Phoebe: And how none of it matters when the people really love each other. (Chandler and Monica kiss.) And how people will believe anything you tell them as long as it’s a compliment.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Well, why don’t you just get him fired?
Phoebe: (writing in her book) "You wish."
Phoebe: I’m not writing about you! I’m writing about other people.
Phoebe: Marcia and Chester.
Phoebe: I see what you’re doing!
Phoebe: Ooh, I have tasted my own medicine and it is bitter!
Phoebe: (Turning around in the chair) Hi!
Phoebe: I know what time you said.
Phoebe: Well actually, I know what time Chester and Marcia said.
Phoebe: Quite an interesting turn of events, suddenly it’s my book to the rescue, huh? (Reading her book) Ooh, very interesting. Yeah, well this certainly clears things up.
Phoebe: I will tell you as soon as you thank me for writing my book.
Phoebe: Thanks! So are you.
Phoebe: (reading from her book) Mon… (Pause as she restarts) Marcia and Chester are planning on seeing a movie on Sunday night. Marcia thinks they’re supposed to meet at six, Chester thinks it’s at seven.
Phoebe: That’s right.
Phoebe: (writing in her book) Marcia and Chester are mad at Phyllis.
Phoebe: (dejected) Hi, you guys.
Phoebe: Well it’s just—it’s one of those situations that I just hate. Y’know? A massage client gave me three tickets to the Helmet-Pelts exhibit at the Morgan Chase museum.
Phoebe: No! No! It’s just that he gave me three tickets and there are six of us!
Phoebe: Okay that’s so generous!
Phoebe: Great! Okay then it’s just us girls!
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: It’s mostly just photographs of lesbian love scenes interspersed with video games and free sandwiches.
Phoebe: Oh, this is so exciting! You get your picture back up on the wall of fame! Eek!
Phoebe: (gasps) Ohh, okay maybe they put your picture back up they can put you next to Matt Lauer. Look at him, smiling at me. (Giggles) Yeah I know; we’d be great together!
Phoebe: So umm, now do you have any of Matt Lauer’s clothes here? Maybe? Just ones that haven’t been cleaned yet? 
Phoebe: Hey, and then lunch.
Phoebe: Oh wow. What, do you think maybe he’s gonna tell you that he’s gay?
Phoebe: No reason! That would just be a really big surprise, right?
Phoebe: Yeah, but there’s a two-year wait. And then what if you get engaged in two years and then you got to wait another two years for this place. That’s four years. Chandler’s not gonna wait that long. He’s gonna find somebody else, y’know? Someone, someone who did put their name on the list. (Rachel agrees.)
Phoebe: Me too!
Phoebe: I don’t know, I don’t have anyone right now. Y’know?
Phoebe: Don’t feel too sorry for me. At least my boyfriend isn’t gay.
Phoebe: Don’t even get me started on yours!
Phoebe: Yeah?
Phoebe: No! Why?
Phoebe: Well for the regular guy, it’s bad, but Chandler, Oh dear God!
Phoebe: What are you gonna do?
Phoebe: Rachel said that!
Phoebe: Oh! Here it is! (Noticing it next to the door.) Ooh, Joey! Why did you sign it, "Son of a bitch?" (Son of a bitch is written across the entire picture.)
Phoebe: Okay, maybe ask this guy.
Phoebe: Well, what did he do?
Phoebe: Joey!
Phoebe: Well, we should go.
Phoebe: (entering from her room) Hey, did she buy it?
Phoebe: So did Heldi show you the place?
Phoebe: I can’t believe you’re gonna ask Monica to marry you!
Phoebe: Now, have you told anyone else?
Phoebe: You told me.
Phoebe: Yeah well, once again not knocking pays off. I only wish you hadn’t been on the toilet.
Phoebe: Hey! So Chandler, wanna go to the coffeehouse? 
Phoebe: Yeah, coffeehouse.
Phoebe: So how are things going with Paul?
Phoebe: That’s easy! You just have to think of him as a-as a jar of pickles that won’t open.
Phoebe: No that’s what you do when you want to get the truth out of someone.
Phoebe: (To Rachel) Watch this.
Phoebe: Hi Paul!
Phoebe: So how are things going with you?
Phoebe: Yeah! That was so weird, huh?
Phoebe: I didn’t do it! It was Chandler! He’s… He’s mad at you!
Phoebe: Please, I think you know why.
Phoebe: Come on Ross, you’re a paleontologist, dig a little deeper.
Phoebe: Do you think that’s something that he’d be mad at you for?
Phoebe: Well then I think that’s it.
Phoebe: Oh, if that’s what you want you then you really should run his head under hot water and bang his head against a table.
Phoebe: Okay, so maybe you don’t get her a ring. Maybe you-maybe you do something different. Y’know? Maybe you get her an engagement bracelet, y’know? Or an engagement tiara? Or—ooh! An engagement Revolutionary War musket! (Picks one up from the display in the corner.
Phoebe: Huh? Can you just imagine getting down on one knee and handing her this gorgeous piece of weaponry?
Phoebe: (coming over after returning the musket) Wait a minute, no, this is, this is the reason you brought me. Okay? I know how to haggle. So let me handle this from here on out.
Phoebe: Or not, whatever.
Phoebe: Chandler, I-I will handle this! (To the jeweler) How much is it?
Phoebe: We will give you $10.
Phoebe: We stand firm at $10.
Phoebe: Okay. (To the jeweler) Listen, I’m sorry about before. Do you have anything her for $10.
Phoebe: I’ll give you $1 for them.
Phoebe: Okay umm, I’d also like to try on the tiara. (The male jeweler hands it to her.) Oh yeah. Okay. (Puts it on.) (To the jeweler) What do you think, too much?
Phoebe: Okay. Then, take the tiara back and let me hold the musket again. (He hands it to her and Phoebe poses in front of one of those small mirrors.) Something’s missing. It’s not… Okay oh, let me see the ring my friend picked out.
Phoebe: Oh my God!! (She runs after him, but sets of the security system, which locks the store’s door and brings down a set of bars behind her, caging her in.) No! What?! Help me! Let me out! Now! (Points the musket at them.)
Phoebe: Chandler, I found the perfect ring. (Holding it out for her.)
Phoebe: Oh my God Chandler, the one you picked is gone. It’s over!
Phoebe: Some guy bought it. I’m sorry. I tired to stop it but they (points to the jeweler) put me in jail!
Phoebe: The little jail between the doors!
Phoebe: I know, I’m sorry! But y’know, this ring is better! Monica never even saw the other ring.
Phoebe: Maybe it was the guy.
Phoebe: (entering from her room) Hey.
Phoebe: It’s not a stupid gumball machine looking ring! It’s a beautiful ring!
Phoebe: Okay. There may be a way that we can get the other ring back. ‘Cause I heard the guy tell the jeweler where he was going to propose. So maybe we can get him to trade rings or something.
Phoebe: Well you certainly can’t give her that stupid gumball ring.
Phoebe: There he is! (Points.)
Phoebe: Wow! You’re good! After this, we should solve crimes.
Phoebe: Oh, okay. (Walks over to him.) Excuse me sir? Could you come with me please? You have a phone call.
Phoebe: It is your office.
Phoebe: John?
Phoebe: (To Chandler) Here he is.
Phoebe: Wow! I would trade.
Phoebe: Yeah, do you want to break a dying woman’s heart?
Phoebe: Yes, and it is my dying wish to have that ring. See, if I’m not buried with that ring then my spirit is going to wander the nether world for all eternity…
Phoebe: (entering) Hi.
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: Oh I know, I helped pick out the ring.
Phoebe: Yeah!
Phoebe: If she says no, can I have the ring?
Phoebe: If!
Phoebe: (with her mouthful) Hi Monica.
Phoebe: It’s gone.
Phoebe: (To Chandler) We’re practically kissing. (Makes a kissy face and winks at him.)
Phoebe: Open bar?
Phoebe: I can do that for the kids.
Phoebe: Y’know, you are 12 years older than her.
Phoebe: Oh! Oop! (Hands him back the ring.)
Phoebe: Here.
Phoebe: So now what’s going on here?
Phoebe: No, I know what a silent is I meant, what’s going on with your hair?
Phoebe: No! It’s nice!
Phoebe: Oh, hi. (They shake hands.)
Phoebe: Hey you guys! Look! 
Phoebe: I got me some drinks!
Phoebe: Open bar!
Phoebe: You just can’t stand anyone else enjoying themselves can’t you?
Phoebe: Forget her! You enjoy this!! (Pulls him back up and starts applauding again. Joey waves and does a salute.] 
Phoebe: Well, just buy the damn boat! (She’s still working her way through her tray of booze.)
Phoebe: I’m just helping the kids!
Phoebe: Because the more I drink, the less there is for the kids to drink.
Phoebe: Oh, okay.
Phoebe: It’s a trip for two! (She gets up and takes off her blouse-type thingy she’s wearing over her dress.) Excuse me. (She walks over to table four.) Excuse me, is the person who won the Paris trip at this table?
Phoebe: Oh, en chante. (She holds out her hand for him to kiss it, but he only shakes it.) 
Phoebe: Ohh, let me see it! Let me see your hand! (Chandler is frantically trying to wave them off.)
Phoebe: I wanna see what’s in your hand. I wanna see the trash. 
Phoebe: Eww! Oh, it’s all dirty. You should throw this out.
Phoebe: What happened?
Phoebe: Well, a palm reader, a manicurist, a hand doctor…
Phoebe: Good one! Yeah.
Phoebe: Look, she only suspects something okay? She doesn’t know for sure, so just throw her off the track.
Phoebe: Yeah! Yeah! Convince her that-that you’re scared of commitment! Convince her that you’re a little coward!
Phoebe: No, you’re too late!!! She already took out the trash!!!
Phoebe: I know, they’re gonna be so happy together.
Phoebe: Not that often!
Phoebe: Me too! So happy for them!
Phoebe: Oh no! No God, definitely not jealous!
Phoebe: Totally. I’m like 90/10.
Phoebe: Definitely!
Phoebe: What do you mean?
Phoebe: You mean a backup?
Phoebe: Yeah, yeah I got that.
Phoebe: Hm-mmm.
Phoebe: Joey.
Phoebe: Yeah!
Phoebe: Yeah, I locked him years ago!
Phoebe: Yep, we shook on it. Yeah but believe me that is not how he wanted to seal the deal.
Phoebe: Ohh, yeah. I think his exact words were… (She makes two clicking sounds with her tongue and purrs.)
Phoebe: Well hey, it’s just a backup.
Phoebe: Of course I can! It’s just good sense to backup your backup! Look, I’ve already lost Chandler!
Phoebe: I don’t—Look I don’t know what you’re complaining about now? You were both aware of the situation!
Phoebe: Okay, this kind of back talk is not gonna fly when we’re married!
Phoebe: All right well let’s see, Ross is a good father, but Joey has a boat—This is hard!
Phoebe: No wait! Just—Okay—Just wait! You guys! Wait you guys! Don’t make any rash decisions, okay? Just remember my promise, when we get married, three times a week.
Phoebe: (To Rachel) I’m talking about massages.
Phoebe: Good!
Phoebe: Left! (Rachel hands her the napkin in her left hand and they both unfold and read them.) Thank you.
Phoebe: (reading) Ross!
Phoebe: Yeah absolutely! (They both switch.)
Phoebe: Oh no wait no, this is wrong! Ross isn’t here!
Phoebe: Oh no, let her stay out there. It’s sweet.
Phoebe: So have you decided on a band for the wedding? Because, y’know, I’m kinda musical.
Phoebe: Well speaking of chiming in, remember the time you burned down my apartment?
Phoebe: Oh, 19! We thought you said 90!
Phoebe: Oh honey no, you ate it all.
Phoebe: Check it out. Okay, I can play this when the guests are coming in. Okay. (Singing) 
Phoebe: If you would’ve let me finish, it goes on to say that he’s probably not gay.
Phoebe: I’m sorry, but I just wrote the best dance song for your wedding. Check this out. (Gets ready to play.)
Phoebe: Really?! Oh that’s so exciting! Thank you! Thanks Mon! Oh but Mon, if you touch my guitar again I’ll have to pound on you for a little bit.
Phoebe: Okay. (She goes to get ready.)
Phoebe: You guys kissed!!!!! What does this mean?!! Are you, are you getting back together?! Can I sing at your wedding?
Phoebe: What a great night, Chandler can’t do it, these guys kissed… (Points to Ross and Rachel.)
Phoebe: Well yeah, that and Chandler’s problem.
Phoebe: Okay, so The Plaza! Okay, we’ll get us some Mai Thai’s, (To Chandler) maybe no more for you though.
Phoebe: Why?!
Phoebe: (she’s strumming something) Yeah? (Joey nods yes.) Okay, I think I’ll play it at the wedding.
Phoebe: Well, I don’t think Monica is gonna take this away.
Phoebe: Would she?
Phoebe: Okay, you said I could sing at your wedding so, I’m just gonna need a small deposit.
Phoebe: Y’know, just some good faith money to hold the date.
Phoebe: Oh, I see. (Exits angrily.)
Phoebe: Y’know, I don’t really their permission.
Phoebe: Yeah! And if you wanna look 19, then you… You gotta do something about your eyes.
Phoebe: They give you away! There’s just-there’s just too much wisdom in there. (Joey nods in agreement.) Just put some tea bags on there for like 15 minutes.
Phoebe: Maybe just 10 minutes for you.
Phoebe: (singing, angrily) 
Phoebe: (singing)
Phoebe: Oh thank you.
Phoebe: Now… (Starts singing again) "Who will perform the ceremony! Who will perform the cer—(Chandler enters and grabs her guitar and closes the door behind him)—Oh—oh! All right, I’ll pound on him in the morning.
Phoebe: It starts?
Phoebe: That is so smart! (To Chandler, under her breath) Break it off. Break it off now.
Phoebe: Hey! Ross!
Phoebe: I need to talk to you, it’s pretty urgent. It’s about Monica and Chandler.
Phoebe: Well, umm, not much. But, I was just thinking that since those guys just got engaged that maybe it would be nice if they had some privacy, y’know? So, could I just move in with you for a couple days?
Phoebe: Nothing—Why?!
Phoebe: Oh yeah it is! I’m going to the movies and it starts in like five minutes.
Phoebe: (to the students) Oh, I’m sorry. I’m so rude. Does anyone want to come to the movies?
Phoebe: Oh Ross, hi.
Phoebe: I’m sorry, I’m with a client right now.
Phoebe: Okay, let’s talk outside.
Phoebe: What’s the big deal? I did it at Monica and Chandler’s!
Phoebe: (pause as she considers it) Okay, well Ross, what is this really about?
Phoebe: Okay, I will find someplace else to do the rest of my appointments. I just don’t know what the big deal is!
Phoebe: (gasps) My God! What did you order?!
Phoebe: Look, why don’t you just pay for it yourself?
Phoebe: (reading the slip of paper) Wow! (In a sultry voice) Hello, Mr. Chandler.
Phoebe: Wow, money and a firm hand. Finally a Chandler I can get on board with.
Phoebe: (entering) Ross! How could you do that to an old man?!
Phoebe: My massage client, Arthur? His daughter called and said that some guy that worked for me gave him a really weird massage this afternoon.
Phoebe: He said you poked at him with wooden spoons.
Phoebe: Well, he’s never coming back! Okay? You just cost me eight dollars a week!
Phoebe: Oh, it’s my fault?! You didn’t have to massage him! You could’ve sent him away! You could’ve not rolled Tonka trucks up and down his back!
Phoebe: So what do you guys want for an engagement present?
Phoebe: Not unless someone borrowed it and left it at the gynecologist.
Phoebe: You mean the chocolate chip cookie recipe?
Phoebe: You mean the one that my grandmother made me swear on her deathbed that I would never let out of our family?
Phoebe: Break my heart—Oh, all right.
Phoebe: If you don’t sail your boat, what do you do on it?
Phoebe: Your own boat?
Phoebe: I just went to my old apartment to get you the-the cookie recipe and the stupid fire burned it up!
Phoebe: (pauses as he figures out how to answer that) Because I’m normal! That was the one legacy my grandmother left me, and I know you wanted it as an engagement present.
Phoebe: Okay, here I wish you health and happiness. (She hands Monica a cookie in a plastic baggie.) 
Phoebe: See no-no, I made a batch and I froze it, and this is the only one left.
Phoebe: Why not?
Phoebe: Really?!
Phoebe: You do?
Phoebe: That and arrogance.
Monica and Phoebe:
Phoebe: I can’t believe that! Now the only thing left of my grandmother’s legacy is this crumb. (She picks it up with her finger and holds it out to Monica.) I wish you a long and happy marriage.
Phoebe: Come on, it’s not that big a deal!
Phoebe: Oh, what was that for? Like a bake sale?
Phoebe: Yeah, but not as good as batch 17.
Phoebe: Are there anymore from the good batch? ‘Cause we could just work off of those.
Phoebe: Y’know, I bet it would actually make my grandmother very happy to know that we’re trying to figure out her recipe. I bet she’s l-l-lookin’ up at us and smiling right now.
Phoebe: Oh yeah—No, she was really nice to me, but she’s in hell for sure.
Phoebe: Oh no-no, no, I made a promise to myself that the next time I would talk to Ursula would be over my dead body. And that’s not happening ‘til October 15th, 2032.
Phoebe: That’s what you think.
Phoebe: Well, y’know I may have relatives in France who would know. My grandmother said she got the recipe from her grandmother, Nesele Tolouse.
Phoebe: Nesele Toulouse.
Phoebe: Oh, you Americans always butcher the French language.
Phoebe: (reading the recipe on the back of the bag) Yes!! (Realizes.) Ohh.
Phoebe: I know! You see it is stuff like this which is why (Looking down) you’re burning in hell!!
Phoebe: I don’t know. I don’t know. I can’t lie to him again. Oh no I—no! I’m just gonna press my breasts up against him.
Phoebe: Uh-huh, yeah that’s right.
Phoebe: What? You mean behind my back?
Monica and Phoebe:
Phoebe: (gasps) Oh God!
Phoebe: Oh hey!
Monica and Phoebe:
Phoebe: (To Monica) Anyway, I should go. Okay, bye.
Phoebe: Come on you know what to do! You hire the first one! You don’t hire an assistant because they’re cute, you hire them because they’re qualified.
Phoebe: Let’s see. (Looking at the picture) Oh my God! Oh… But no! No! You can’t-you can’t hire him, because that—it’s not professional. Umm, this is for me (The picture) yes? Thanks. (Puts it in her pocket.)
Phoebe: Hey—Ooh, how’s Hilda? Is she working out?
Phoebe: Sorry.
Phoebe: What happened?
Phoebe: You! An actor?! That’s madness!
Phoebe: Hi!
Phoebe: You must be Hilda.
Phoebe: Oh, you like that? You should hear my phone number.
Phoebe: So you hired yourself a little treat did ya?
Phoebe: But-but you know you cannot get involved with your assistant.
Phoebe: Oh Willie’s still alive!
Phoebe: Oh my God! That’s the creep that you’re with at the Statue of Liberty.
Phoebe: Hey, why don’t you guys go, get portraits done by a professional photographer.
Phoebe: Yeah that’s great! Next to that, Chandler won’t look so stupid.
Phoebe: (returning) Hey you guys, Hums While He Pees just asked me out!
Phoebe: He is! But he’s getting divorced—Ross! Maybe you know him.
Phoebe: You don’t have to be back for a half-hour!
Phoebe: So you wouldn’t mind if he was dating someone else?
Phoebe: I’m having a really good time!
Phoebe: Ohh. No that’s okay, he’s a friend.
Phoebe: Yeah, I… Well y’know I-I mean I missed the-the semi-finals, so I’d just be lost.
Phoebe: Okay, don’t freak out. I’ll go.
Phoebe: Okay, I know. Hold on. (She walks over to the couch.) Hey Ross?
Phoebe: Yeah, umm that’s Whitney (Points), Kyle’s ex-wife out there, now do you think that you can y’know divert her so that we can slip out?
Phoebe: Well okay but I have two tickets to the ballroom dance finals. (She holds up the tickets that Kyle gave her.)
Phoebe: Hi Ginger.
Phoebe: I don’t have it!
Phoebe: Ugh, okay Sherlock! (Hands over the key.)
Phoebe: All right, well I just wanted to say thank you though for diverting Kyle’s ex. 
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: (To Ross) Kyle’s ex-wife? You were supposed to divert her not date her!
Phoebe: Watching ballroom dancing?
Phoebe: Well look-look, okay Ross, Kyle just told me some really bad stuff about her.
Phoebe: Like she’s really mean, and she’s over critical, and-and—No! She will paint a room a really bright color without even checking with you!
Phoebe: And! She uses sex as a weapon!
Phoebe: You’re still gonna go out with her?!
Phoebe: Well, didn’t you just hear what I said?!
Phoebe: (interrupting him) No listen to me! She is crazy!
Phoebe: You see? Nothing is good enough for her!
Phoebe: Hi.
Phoebe: So, how are things going with crazy? Has she cooked your rabbit yet?
Phoebe: Yeah well, maybe she should’ve spent a little less time decorating and a little more time in the bedroom.
Phoebe: You think he’s emotionally unavailable?
Phoebe: Well, maybe he wouldn’t be she didn’t bring the office home every night!
Phoebe: Yeah well, she certainly knew what she was doing New Year’s Eve 1997.
Phoebe: (gets up and starts to leave) We want the last six years back!!
Phoebe: Oh, I’m sorry. Is that annoying? And speaking about being selfish in bed, how’s Whitney?
Phoebe: Oh he knows! (Quietly) For the most part.
Phoebe: Both of you together?
Phoebe: What about her whining and her constant need for attention?!
Phoebe: Oh right, because you’re so capable of change.
Phoebe: Yeah, and y’know what? I don’t give a tiny rat’s ass.
Phoebe: Oh. Y’know, he hums while he does other stuff to.
Phoebe: And y’know, even if they break up again, you’d better not let him in your sad men’s club!
Phoebe: Potato, Potaato. (She’s pronounces potato with the both the short and long As.)
Phoebe: Ooh, let’s see it!
Phoebe: You guys make a very attractive couple. (The camera cuts to a shot of the picture and we see that Monica is posing with Joey instead of Chandler.)
Phoebe: I hope it’s you.
Phoebe: Yes!!! Oh!!
Phoebe: Still.
Phoebe: Yeah, I’ll do that. So who gets to be yours?
Phoebe: Wh-why is that the best part?
Phoebe: Aww, and good luck to you too! (To Monica and Rachel) What a nice lady!
Phoebe: Hey Rachel?
Phoebe: Umm, when I get married will you be my maid of honor?
Phoebe: Uh-hmm.
Phoebe: Oh! Well, if that’s what you want…
Phoebe: But why does it even matter?!
Phoebe: Because this one is now! And-and it’s two of our best friends! Who knows what you’re gonna marry!
Phoebe: (gasps) You wouldn’t! Okay look, Rachel I know you really want to do this, but I-I’ve never been maid of honor to anyone before! And I know you’ve done it at least twice!
Phoebe: And no, oh please, oh please let me finish. (Rachel stops talking.) Oh I guess that was it.
Phoebe: Oh, thank you so much! (They hug.) Okay.
Phoebe: Oh I know.
Phoebe: See? This is exactly why you shouldn’t lie!
Phoebe: Na-uh, I am!
Phoebe: Because I cared enough to lie!
Phoebe: What are you talking about?
Phoebe: Okay, so after this audition, who decides who gets it?
Phoebe: (To Rachel) Well, it’s better than us deciding.
Phoebe: No! Coins hate me!
Phoebe: Hey there, you handsome thing. (Rachel and Phoebe exit.)
Phoebe: Ugh, what a kiss ass.
Phoebe: Yes! Your honor?
Phoebe: Oh!
Phoebe: Hey! Do you want do you want a little taste of Pheebs?!
Phoebe: Okay, I can’t believe that Monica and Chandler are getting married. I remember talking about this day with Rachel while we were showering together, naked. (Raises her glass and drinks.)
Phoebe: Really?! I won!
Phoebe: The coins have finally forgiven me!
Phoebe: (running after her) Rach, it’s gonna be okay! (To Ross and Joey) You guys are the best!
Phoebe: Hi!
Phoebe: That’s ridiculous Rachel, we were all babies once. (Rachel looks at her.) Oh, you mean today.
Phoebe: Oh yeah!
Phoebe: Oh that’s so sweet thanks.
Phoebe: Ohh.
Phoebe: This stuff is great!
Phoebe: Y’know Rach, I think that, I think you should be Monica’s made of honor.
Phoebe: Because I think it means more to you.
Phoebe: Its fine. I mean, this is something that you’ve been thinking about since you were what, 14? (She’s referring to the Halloween picture.)
Phoebe: (looking at the picture again) Man alive!
Phoebe: Well, we just decided that Rachel is gonna be your maid of honor.
Phoebe: Okay!
Phoebe: And call me!
Phoebe: We want you to marry her!
Phoebe: She is so amazing! You have no idea.
Phoebe: Joey, she’s so cool. She speaks four languages.
Phoebe: Yeah, but you always say that.
Phoebe: Whatever.
Phoebe: Secret affair!
Phoebe: (entering with Erin) Oh. Hey!
Phoebe: Oh no.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Yay!! Oh so, you’re not, you’re not mad at us anymore?
Phoebe: Didn’t you sleep together?
Phoebe: Then change it back!
Phoebe: No spark? Didn’t you sleep together?
Phoebe: Does Joey have any idea?
Phoebe: Yeah, you mean like that you’re kind of a loner.
Phoebe: Yeah, and maybe that you’re a real (She says something in Italian, and it doesn’t matter what she said. It’s not important so I don’t need everyone who speaks Italian telling me what she said.)
Phoebe: Oh well, I guess Italian isn’t one of the four languages you speak.
Phoebe: No, just a regular old flying dwarf.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: So how was, how was your date?
Phoebe: Oh really? She said she wants to go away with you?
Phoebe: Hey Joey, y’know what? You are way to good for her.
Joey, Rachel, and Phoebe:
Phoebe: Oh, I got tired of naming states. So I decided to list the types of celery, and I have one: regular celery. 
Phoebe: Regular Celery! (Starts to write that on her list) Oh, I already have that. (She gets up and heads for her room) 
Phoebe: Hey you guys I'm gonna go out and take a walk. 
Phoebe: Oh, it's not! 
Phoebe: It's just my knitting that's all! (A dog sticks its head out of Phoebe's bag. Everyone looks puzzled.) Yes! I knit this. I'm very good. 
Phoebe: (answering the phone) Hi Geller-Bing residence. How can I help?
Phoebe: I'm sorry, who's this? 
Phoebe: No, there's no dog here? 
Phoebe: Oh my god! Where are you? (Looks around.)
Phoebe: (Phoebe hangs up and someone knocks on the door. She gasps.) They're here already? How are they doing this? 
Phoebe: There's no dog in here. 
Phoebe: No that's just me coughing! (Doing some weird coughing noises and the dog barks again. Phoebe comes out of the room.) Oh, good, there you are! Listen, um, I have a dog in my room. 
Phoebe: Well, I'm watching it for some friends who went out of town. Wait. (She bends down, picks up the dog, and waves with one of its paws) Hello, my name is Clunkers. May I please stay with you nice people?
Phoebe: That's odd, 'cause this dog's been living here for the past 3 days 
Monica and Phoebe:
Phoebe: Are you crazy? 
Phoebe: Why? 
Phoebe: You don't like ice cream? 
Phoebe: All right. We're gonna take Clunkers to Ross’s. We'll be back in a minute. (Gets up with Monica to do so.)
Phoebe: Oh, I'd say about a month. 
Phoebe: (doing Clunkers) Please don't leave me, I'll be lonely. 
Phoebe: Yeah, okay. 
Phoebe: You know if you want, we can sneak the dog back in and Chandler wouldn't even know. 
Phoebe: I've had that dog there for three days and Chandler had no idea. He's not so smart. 
Phoebe: Yeah, but you kinda knew that something was going on, didn't you? 
Phoebe: Where's Chandler? 
Phoebe: Wash your hands!!!
Phoebe: (interrupts him) No, no, we don't really have time for this right now. Okay, we have to keep Chandler away from my bedroom. 
Phoebe: See, this is exactly what we do not have time for. (She rushes into her room) 
Phoebe: (opens her bedroom door and peeks out) Hey, is Chandler here? 
Phoebe: Okay, but you cannot tell him... but look whose back! 
Phoebe: Oh no, the dog's not going to be there! 
Phoebe: (interrupts her, to Monica) Shh, wait and see. Maybe we will, maybe we won't. 
Phoebe: We have good news, look whose back! 
Phoebe: It's a Thanksgiving miracle! 
Phoebe: Yeah, she came all the way back from Ross' building. Oh, the things she must have seen! And then she climbed up the fire escape and she tapped on the window with her teeny little paw and then we ran to let her in…(Realizes, that Chandler starts to not believing her) I went to far, didn't I? When should I have stopped? 
Phoebe: His first big kid’s bike, this is so exciting!
Phoebe: I never had a bike of my own.
Phoebe: Well, we didn’t have a lot of money. But the girl across the street had the best bike! It was pink and it had rainbow colored tassels hanging off the handle grips, and-and-and a bell and this big, white wicker basket with those plastic daisies stuck on.
Phoebe: No! But she gave me the box that it came in. It had a picture of the bike on the front. (They’re all speechless) So I would sit on it and my step-dad would drag me around the backyard.
Phoebe: Not really, I got to drag him around too! (They all nod, "Oh.")
Phoebe: Yeah, and they’ve been coming by all day. They love it!
Phoebe: Sure!
Phoebe: (gasps) Oh my God Ross!!
Phoebe: I love it!!
Phoebe: Ohh!! Ohh!! And I love you!
Phoebe: Not that way! But the bike brought you a lot closer!
Phoebe: Okay! Oh my God! My first bike! Thank you for the best present I’ve ever gotten.
Phoebe: (starts to leave, but stops) Oh and Chandler’s about to cry.
Phoebe: Oh hi!
Phoebe: Ohh, uh-huh so much!
Phoebe: Of course!
Phoebe: Okay. (The gang is giggles then Phoebe gets the bike out of the rack, gets on, pushes off, rolls a few feet, and falls over.) See?
Phoebe: (hopping off the bike) Wait! This seat is really uncomfortable! Yeah, maybe before we start we should just get another one. Perhaps, like an airplane seat—or a beanbag chair!
Phoebe: Why? Why do I have to learn?
Phoebe: What kind of an emergency?
Phoebe: Okay, I would ring the bell to distract him and then I would knock the gun out of his hand with a Chinese throwing star.
Phoebe: You won’t let go?
Phoebe: Swear?!
Phoebe: (thinks it over) Okay. 
Phoebe: All right.
Phoebe: Well…
Phoebe: Okay. (Does so.)
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: Weee!!! (Ross pushes her and lets go.)
Phoebe: Oh! Oh! Oh no!! You swore!
Phoebe: I am shocked! Shocked!! (She storms off leaving Ross to defend himself from the angry looks from onlookers.)
Phoebe: (seeing him) Oh, hello liar.
Phoebe: I could’ve been killed I hope you know!
Phoebe: Well, I would love to but…the bike got stolen and the police have no suspects. (Ross just happens to have his hand on a sheet that is covering something that suspiciously looks like a bike.) 
Phoebe: What?! (Ross rings the bell.) What the hell?!
Phoebe: What?! Why?!
Phoebe: All right. If you care enough to make up that load of crap, okay.
Phoebe: (sarcastically) Okay Ross! (Ross exits and she says quietly to the bike) Please don’t die!
Phoebe: I can’t believe it! I did it! I rode a bike! I never thought I’d be able to do that! Thank you Ross.
Phoebe: Don’t be so corny Ross, it’s not an after-school special. (She rides off and the camera pans down to reveal two shiny, silver training wheels firmly attached.)
Phoebe: (entering carrying a skull) Hey!
Phoebe: Haaaa... (Puts the skull on the table) ... ahhhh!
Phoebe: Huh?
Phoebe: Oh, yeah, it's my mom's.
Phoebe: No, no, no. It's not! It's not my mom. It belonged to mom. Yeah, no, she used to put it out every Christmas to remind us, that even though it's Christmas, people still die. And, you can put candy in it. (She grabs the skull, pulls out a stick of licorice, and takes a bite.)
Phoebe: And maybe I could teach Ben about the Christmas skull and how people die.
Phoebe: (entering) Oh, hey, you guys!
Phoebe: Hey. Guess what! My landlord just called and my apartment is gonna get ready soon, so I guess I'll be moving out.
Phoebe: Yes, you will be very sad. All right, well I gotta go tell Rachel the good news.
Phoebe: Yeah, why not?
Phoebe: Why do you think, she's having so much fun living with Joey?
Phoebe: Really? So she said, she didn’t wanna live with me anymore?
Phoebe: You're sure? You're absolutely sure?
Phoebe: Probably? Yeah, I don't like that word. (Chandler and Monica look surprised) Kind of what ‘probably’ really means. Yeah, uh-huh. Yeah, oh, "Your mom probably won't kill herself," y’know? I'm sorry, but I'm not hanging all my hopes of Rachel and I living together on-on "Probably!" Y’know? You gotta take care of yourselves! (She starts to walk out) In this world history teaches us nothing! (Exits)
Phoebe: So you like the drums! That's, that's great! Y’know, I was worried, that, you know, they would maybe an unbearable living situation. All right, okay, well, apparently not! So, yay!
Phoebe: That's fun. (She exits disappointedly.)
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Hey! (she sits down next to him)
Phoebe: Yes, thank you. You see, this is how normal people are supposed to react to drums.
Phoebe: Maybe on some level.
Phoebe: (entering with an aquarium covered by a towel) Hey, Joey, I got you another present. (She puts it on the counter)
Phoebe: It's a…tarantula! (Joey almost falls down from his drum-stool jumping up) Oh! God! Rachel, look, I'm sorry. What was I thinking giving Joey this big, gross, scary spider in such a poorly constructed cage?
Phoebe: (sarcastic) Ah, yeah, he's so adorable, God, he's just so much fun, Joey is the best, I'm glad you're having so much fun here. (She turns around, about to leave)
Phoebe: Our apartment is ready.
Phoebe: Because you would rather live here with Joey.
Phoebe: Monica and Chandler said that you were having so much fun here. And apparently no amount of drums or tarantulas is gonna change that.
Phoebe: Hm?
Phoebe: (nods along) Fish!
Phoebe: Yes, but I wanted you to want to live with me, but okay, if you're having so much fun over here…
Phoebe: We did have fun, didn't we?
Phoebe: Oh, anyway, they say, if we want, we can see it tonight.
Phoebe: Yay, okay!
Phoebe: Great, all right, okay, and Monica ask me to make the drumming stop.
Phoebe: Oh, this is terrible. Oh, they’ve made so many changes I can’t even feel my grandmother’s presence anymore—Ooh! New sconces!
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: Yeah?
Phoebe: Yeah?
Phoebe: Oh no! (She runs to see.) (Running back, excitedly) Oh! Wow!!!
Phoebe: Well, I guess we’ll just have to put the wall back up.
Phoebe: There’s a skylight?! (Runs to see and yells from the bedroom.) Wow!!
Phoebe: (returning slowly) Y’know I’m-I’m sensing that um, my grandmother would not be comfortable with that.
Phoebe: A little bit, yeah.
Phoebe: You heard her too?! You have the gift!
Phoebe: Are you sure?
Phoebe: Oh me too.
Phoebe: No, I do not hear that.
Phoebe: Oh.
Phoebe: Oh.
Phoebe: Okay, I understand why Superman is here, but why is there a porcupine at the Easter Bunny’s funeral?
Phoebe: Absolutely!
Phoebe: Okay. (Joey exits.) 
Phoebe: Oh, I have dinner plans with Joey. We get together about once a month to discuss the rest of you guys.
Phoebe: Duly noted.
Phoebe: Joseph Francis Tribbiani are you home yet?!!
Phoebe: Well, I’ll tell you Rachel Karen Green, I had plans with Joey tonight and he left me this note. (Hands it to Rachel.)
Phoebe: Oh that’s a nickname we were trying out.
Phoebe: Oh! Here’s Joseph Francis!
Phoebe: So what?! That doesn’t give you the right to ditch me!
Phoebe: I don’t accept this rule. When me make plans, I expect you to show up. Okay, I can’t just be a way to kill time ‘til you meet someone better! Y’know boyfriends and girlfriends come and go, but this (Motions that their friendship) is for life!
Phoebe: Well, it does.
Phoebe: Okay, you wore me down.
Phoebe: (gasps) (whispering) Oh my God! That’s David!
Phoebe: David the scientist guy, David that I was in love with, David who went to Russia and broke my heart David!
Phoebe: Oh, you say someone’s name enough, they turn around.
Phoebe: David! (He kisses her cheek) What-what are you doing here? Aren’t you supposed to be in Russia?
Phoebe: Well… Yeah. You look great too. Did you get a haircut?
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: Uh-huh.
Phoebe: Well, of course I would want to see you. I…I think about you all the time.
Phoebe: Really?
Phoebe: Uh-huh.
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: (excited) Yes! Oh no! 
Phoebe: I can’t. I can’t believe I have plans, I can’t. Can you do it tomorrow night though?
Phoebe: Uh-huh. (They go over and talk.)
Phoebe: Well, I have plans with Joey tonight.
Phoebe: No he won’t. And that’s not even the point! Monica, I made a whole speech about you do not cancel plans with friends! And now y’know what? Just because, potentially, the love of my life comes back from Russia just for one night, I-I should change my beliefs?! I should change beliefs! No! No! No, if I don’t have my principles, I don’t have anything!
Phoebe: Or! I should rush through dinner with Joey and I can meet David at 9:00!
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Yes! I will have the green salad, umm the house salad, and water’s fine.
Phoebe: Okay. 
Phoebe: Oh Joey, we’ve heard the specials three times! Okay? There’s prime rib, mahi mahi, and a very special lobster ravioli. (She grabs his menu and hands it to the waiter.)
Phoebe: Huh?
Phoebe: (checking her watch) Yeah, I’m very wise. I know.
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: God Joey, this is taking forever!
Phoebe: W-w—I just—it’s that—I have—y’know I have-I have an appointment. And it’s very important.
Phoebe: Well… It’s a date.
Phoebe: Come on Joey, don’t make me feel badly about this.
Phoebe: That—It’s not the same thing! This is totally different! This is with David! Remember David, the scientist guy? Okay, he’s very special to me.
Phoebe: She was?
Phoebe: Okay, whatever. Y’know what? I don’t have time have time to convince you because he’s only here for four hours, and I’m gonna go see him! (Gets up and leaves.)
Phoebe: Yeah!
Phoebe: Yeah! (She exits.)
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Oh, I wouldn’t miss this.
Phoebe: Oh, you’re such a gentleman. (Grabs his arm.) Come on! We’re going to my place! (Drags him off to her place.)
Phoebe: Are you sure? I’ll bet there’s another flight to Minsk in like…
Phoebe: That’s really beautiful. What does it mean?
Phoebe: That’s good. I got to admit, I thought it was something else.
Phoebe: You’re right! You’re right. Don’t say it. 
Phoebe: I do too. (They kiss.)
Phoebe: (seeing him) Okay, now’s not the time Joey. All right? You can yell at me tomorrow.
Phoebe: No I’m not okay. The only guy I’ve ever been crazy about has gone to Minsk and I may never…I may never see him again. (Crying.)
Phoebe: Oh right, like they’re gonna let me have a passport.
Phoebe: Well—But—Now, if-if you can achieve positronic distillation of sub-atomic particles y’know before he does, then he can come back. (They hug again.)
Phoebe: (looking up) There it is! Oh, look at that! Isn’t Mother Nature amazing?
Phoebe: Well, all right. 1700 bags of peanuts flying that high, that’s pretty amazing too.
Phoebe: Oh! I won’t say, ‘no’ to a movie!
Phoebe: Shh! Get me out of here.
Phoebe: (crossing her fingers and closing her eyes) Please don’t be a space ship. Please don’t be a space ship. (She turns on the light and looks around and finds that it’s the smoke detector that’s beeping.) Oh thank God! (She moves a chair over and starts to investigate how to make the beeping turn off, in frustration she yanks the thing off of the wall. She sets it down and heads for bed, just as she gets there it beeps again. She opens the cover and removes the battery, but it still beeps.) How could you be beeping?! I just disconnected you! I took out your battery! How can…
Phoebe: Don’t interrupt me!!
Phoebe: Okay. So, this wire is connected to this wire which plugs into here. (She points at each as she says it.) Okay so, to get the beeping to stop all I have to do… (She picks up a shoe and proceeds to pummel the smoke detector. She then gets up and heads to bed, stops, quickly turns around, and is satisfied that the beeping has stopped.) Well done, Pheebs. (She resumes her trek to bed, but is stopped at the entrance to the hallway by the now steady and extremely loud tone emanating from the smoke detector.) (Yelling.) What do you want from me?!!!!!!!
Phoebe: Okay, this is where you and I part ways. (She drops the blanket into the chute.) Noisy bitch!
Phoebe: Oh my God! How did you get back here?!
Phoebe: (scared) Fire alarm? (She opens the door to reveal a fireman holding the blanket with the smoke detector.) Oh! Hi, officer—fireman, can-can I help you?
Phoebe: That’s not mine.
Phoebe: How do you know?
Phoebe: Okay do you—Okay, do you have a search warrant? Because the last time I checked this was still America!
Phoebe: Fine! (She takes the blanket.) But please God; tell me how to stop them from going off!
Phoebe: There’s a reset button?! Ugh, thank you! Thank you! (He exits and she goes to shut it off.) There’s a reset button! My God! Why didn’t I see that! (She takes off the plastic cover and looks for the button.) Reset button, reset button, where is there a reset button? (Finds it.) Oh here it is! (Picks it up off of the floor.) Oh! (She presses it hard, but of course it would help if the button was still attached to the detector. In frustration she presses it so hard it causes pain in her thumb.) Ohh, God!
Phoebe: What? What happened to the window in the attic?!
Phoebe: I can’t believe I still don’t know what happened to the window in the attic!
Phoebe: (entering) Hey.
Phoebe: Ugh, I hate this year!
Phoebe: Well okay, it’s already February and I’ve only given two massages and they were both the worst tippers in the world!
Phoebe: Oh that’s right!
Phoebe: Yeah and yeah, and it would probably be better than the last telephone job I had. Y’know, I probably wouldn’t have to say spank as much. (Monica and Ross are shocked.) 
Phoebe: Oh yeah, like you never called!
Phoebe: Okay, I can do that! Oh, by the way, I love my office.
Phoebe: Oh okay. Umm, all right. (Picks up the phone and starts reading from the script.) Hi, this is Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies, can I speak to your supply manager please?
Phoebe: Umm, okay I would like to talk to you about your toner needs.
Phoebe: Oh okay, well I’m sorry to bother you. Bye-bye. (Hangs up the phone.) Yeah you’re right, this is easy.
Phoebe: Oh well, all right…um, no offense, but you were kind of rude.
Phoebe: Oh.
Phoebe: No. (Pause) Oh wait yes! I do, I do have one question. What is toner?
Phoebe: (on phone) Hi, this Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies, can I speak to your supply manager please? (Listens) Earl, thanks. (Listens) Hi Earl, this is Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies I’d like to talk to you about your toner needs. (She’s reading from the script.)
Phoebe: I’m hearing what you’re saying, but at our prices everyone needs toner.
Phoebe: May I ask why?
Phoebe: I surely do!
Phoebe: (doesn’t have any luck) Umm, is-is that because you’re out of toner?
Phoebe: No-no wait-wait! I can’t just let you hang up! Just please talk to me.
Phoebe: Yeah! Now, why do you want to kill yourself?
Phoebe: Chandler?
Phoebe: No look, I-I’m sure that people know you exist!
Phoebe: Earl, you’re not hearing me! All I’m saying is that you’re not alone all right? Everybody hates the people they work with! (One of her coworkers overhears that, and she mimes that she didn’t mean him.)
Phoebe: Wait, what was that? That sounded like someone being nice to you.
Phoebe: All right so Earl, let’s just forget about the people at the office, okay? There-there’s gotta be someone else in your life worth sticking around for! What about-what about your family, your friends, or maybe your girlfriend?
Phoebe: Oh sorry, boyfriend!
Phoebe: No, whatever! Anything!
Phoebe: Yeah, he’s gotta go.
Phoebe: No! I’m not finished yet! Don’t! Don’t you dare hang up on me!!!
Phoebe: (to Marge) Excuse me! Can you tell me where I can find Earl? He’s the supply manager around here.
Phoebe: (goes over to his desk) Earl! I’m Phoebe.
Phoebe: Umm, look it, you-you can’t kill yourself.
Phoebe: No-no I can’t! I can’t let you do it!
Phoebe: Because it was fate that made me call you today!
Phoebe: No! Think about it okay? This isn’t even my regular job! Okay? And my first day on the job, you’re my first call! And-and somebody else might’ve hung up on you, but I wouldn’t do that because I know about this stuff. My mom killed herself.
Phoebe: Yes.
Phoebe: I’m not gonna give you tips! Look don’t you see that this-this…this all came together so that I could stop you from doing this.
Phoebe: No, it’s fate!
Phoebe: Oh. Well umm, okay here’s a weird thing. My mother was also a supply manager.
Phoebe: Oh my God! So was she! And! Get this, okay? Your-your name is Earl, right? Her name was Pearl, P-Earl.
Phoebe: Sure! (Thinks.) Umm, where are you from?
Phoebe: Oh my God! So was she! Oh, I’ve got-I’ve got goose bumps. (She holds out her arm.)
Phoebe: Well, y’know I’m wearing layers and it’s warm.
Phoebe: But if—no look, okay. These jerks might not care about you, but the universe does! And that says a lot!
Phoebe: Y’know, I don’t-I don’t think it’s you. This is a freaky place. (To All) Hey! Guys! (Everyone looks up.) (To Earl) Oh no, it’s you.
Phoebe: Rachel! Come on out! Monica made breakfast!
Phoebe: Yeah, but you shouldn’t compare yourself to me.
Phoebe: I did it! One mile on a hippity-hop! That’s it!! That’s everything I wanted to do before I was thirty. Oh, except I wanted to patch things up with my sister. But oh well. Yay!! (They all cheer again.) And-and girls this thing is a Godsend if you know what I mean. (Rachel and Monica look intrigued and as they all head into Central Perk, Rachel picks up the hippity-hop that Phoebe left behind.)
Phoebe: Oh, well get in line missy. (To Ross) So, can I have a ride stud?
Phoebe: (getting out) Okay, who’s next?
Phoebe: Really?! ‘Cause y’know that hurts.
Phoebe: Least of all you.
Phoebe: (running up) Okay. Okay, here’s what we’re gonna do. Okay, I’m gonna break into this mini-van and put it in neutral. You guys push it forward so Ross can drive out of his spot. Okay? All right, here we go. (She opens her coat and reveals that thing car thieves use to break into cars as Ross jumps in behind the wheel. She inserts the device, unlocks the door, opens it, and the alarm goes off.) Haul ass!!!! (Runs off.)
Phoebe: Happy thirtieth birthday! Here! (Hands her the hippity-hop.) It’s for the child in you, and the woman. Happy thirtieth!
Phoebe: Because it’s our thirtieth birthday.
Phoebe: Wait! (Knocks on the door and Ursula opens it.)
Phoebe: Yeah. What?!
Phoebe: Nu-uh!
Phoebe: You have your birth certificate?
Phoebe: Our mom.
Phoebe: Do you have my birth certificate?
Phoebe: (reading the certificate) Oh my God! Oh my God, we are 31.
Phoebe: I just lost a whole year of my life.
Phoebe: Your middle name is Pamela?
Phoebe: Well, I never knew mine. Do you remember what it is?
Phoebe: That’s my first name.
Phoebe: Hey, what’s going on?
Phoebe: Yay! I love drunk Monica!
Phoebe: Ohh! All right! All right. Here’s what we’ll do, I’ll get twice as drunk as Monica and then no one’s will even notice her.
Phoebe: Oh let me guess, and you wanna have them all at the same time and you wanna have them for your brother.
Phoebe: If you could do that, I’d marry the hippity-hop.
Phoebe: (clinking two glasses together) Speech! Speech! Let’s hear from the birthday girl! Huh?
Phoebe: Don’t you see? Everyone’s looking at me! The plan’s working! I didn’t even have to take off my top yet!
Phoebe: (screaming) Wooo!! Hoo!!
Phoebe: (To Joey) Okay quick, help me get this off! (Motions to her top.)
Phoebe: I lost a whole year! I can’t believe it! This is so unfair!
Phoebe: Will it? Will it?! I mean, how would you feel if you found out you were 31?
Phoebe: Plus, it totally ruined my schedule! I…I haven’t done any of the things I wanted to do by the time I was 31!
Phoebe: Like okay I-I-I, I haven’t met any Portuguese people! I, I haven’t had the perfect kiss! And I haven’t been to sniper’s school!
Phoebe: No, I just feel like being by myself for a while. All right? I’ll see you guys later. Thanks. (Gets up and exits.)
Phoebe: Oh yeah.
Phoebe: Oh! (Phoebe walks away smiling.)
Phoebe: You did the right thing.
Phoebe: (Clears Throat) Rach, so, that guy there. Straight or gay?
Phoebe: Yeah? Why?
Phoebe: Oh no not that guy there. That guy right there. (Pointing to an attractive man sitting at a table behind them.)
Phoebe: (A woman with large breasts walks in the door) Ohh knockers will help us figure it out. (She walks by and he checks her out.)
Phoebe: Ohh, he left his cell phone.
Phoebe: Or we could use it to call China. See how those guys are doing.
Phoebe: Yeah… That does sound great. I'm going to get the phone. (They both get up.)
Phoebe: I don't know. I haven't been out on a date in so long.
Phoebe: That wasn’t a date! That was, that was just friends getting together…(quietly) having sex.
Phoebe: No way! No way! You just broke with Tag a week ago.
Phoebe: Nice try.
Phoebe: I don’t know. 
Phoebe: Ah-ha! Too cocky!
Phoebe: Or, we can decide by whose ever name is closer to the word phone.
Phoebe: (handing Rachel the phone) Fine all right, but I’d bet you’d be singing another tune if we were fighting over a ratchet.
Phoebe: Ohh, I lost my mom to suicide.
Phoebe: Did I use that already today? I’m sorry.
Phoebe: Okay, a meat eater. Fine, that’s one for you.
Phoebe: So you don’t know that’s Barney’s the store! That can be y’know his friend’s house, or a bar. Who has Barney’s the store on their speed dial?
Phoebe: Hi!
Phoebe: Good.
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: Yeah!
Phoebe: Ooh, now you lost me.
Phoebe: No I didn’t!
Phoebe: No.
Phoebe: That is a different phone.
Phoebe: That is damning evidence.
Phoebe: (on phone) Hello? (Listens) Yes, I’m the one who found your phone.
Phoebe: (To Rachel) Shhh! I’m on a call! (On phone) Umm well yeah, you can pick it up tonight, say 8:30? At-at my apartment. It’s umm, it’s umm 5 Morton Street, Apartment 14, umm and then maybe y’know after we can grab a bite to eat or whatever. (Listens) Okay, well okay I’ll see you then. (Listens) Bye. (Hangs up.)
Phoebe: Oh? And how will you know what time to come over?
Phoebe: Oh. Okay, well I-I was kinda hoping that I would just…be alone y’know to think about my mom and her suicide.
Phoebe: What?! That’s the first time today!
Phoebe: Whoa! Why do you get to answer the door?
Phoebe: Because it’s my apartment!
Phoebe: Okay. All right. (Hands her the phone.) Good luck explaining all the calls to China.
Phoebe: (To Rachel) Wow! How long were we arguing for?
Phoebe: Could you-could you umm, give us one second?
Phoebe: Wh-what do we do?
Phoebe: Can you believe this? (Rachel exhales in amazement.) We were waiting for a hot guy and then an even hotter one shows up!
Phoebe: Hmm, they just don’t make ‘em like that anymore!
Phoebe: Rachel, listen—I mean, if you let me have him then I will really owe you one.
Phoebe: Yeah! You’re such a great friend!
Phoebe: Oh that’d be me. Sir. (Hands him the cell phone.) After you.
Phoebe: (whispering) Nice!
Phoebe: Eeee!!! Eee!! Eee!! 
Phoebe: (returning with Joey) With what?
Phoebe: Oo! You should have one of us do it!
Phoebe: No! No! It’s-it’s uh a real thing! Anyone can get ordained on the Internet and perform like weddings and stuff!
Phoebe: Yes! A friend of mine did it and it’s totally legal!
Phoebe: What?! No! It was my idea!
Phoebe: Oh, I have a headache. A horrible headache!
Phoebe: Oh my God, you’ve got to stop chattering!
Phoebe: What is it?
Phoebe: Oh no, I don’t believe in Western medicine. No, if you just apply pressure to these points right here. (She’s pinching the bit of skin between her right thumb and forefinger with her left hand.) Then your hand starts to hurt and you still have a headache, so thanks. (Takes the pills.)
Phoebe: Oh.
Phoebe: It’s amazing! My headache is completely gone! What are those pills called?
Phoebe: Oh, I love you Hexadrin! (She kisses the box.) Oh look! It comes with a story! (She pulls out the instructions and side affects paper.)
Phoebe: Say what?
Phoebe: Oh my God! (Starts reading them.) Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache—Headache. Vomiting, stomach bleeding, liver damage! Now okay, I don’t recall any of this coming up when you gave me these little death capsules! Oh I’m sorry, extra strength death capsules!
Phoebe: Why?
Phoebe: I have liver damage. Ow! Oh! (She grabs the left side of her torso.)
Phoebe: Okay, then I must be disoriented.
Phoebe: I feel like my face is swelling. (To Monica) Is my face swelling?
Phoebe: Oh, interesting you should call me that! Now that I may never have one! (Holds up the warning label.)
Phoebe: Did you ever feed him a poison capsule that made him bleed from the eyes?
Phoebe: Oh! Suddenly somebody knows all about the side affects!
Phoebe: Yeah, it’s totally meant to be. (To Monica) Tell him who you originally wanted to hook up with that night.
Phoebe: (To Joey) What?!
Phoebe: I know! Robin is so gay!
Phoebe: I’m really glad you guys are okay but, I just keep thinking what would happen if-if you two (Points to Monica and Joey) actually had hooked up.
Phoebe: (still reading the label) Oh my God! This is a six-hour pill! (Checks her watch) That’s it! I’m out of the woods! Ohh! What a relief!
Phoebe: Oh, it’s like huge weight has been lifted! ‘Cause look, (reads the side affects) no hair loss, not a rash, no hives, I’m just so happy! Because no shortness of breath, no temporary euphoria—Oh.
Phoebe: Since when are you into swing music?
Phoebe: What is your job?
Phoebe: (wearing a veil) Am I crazy or does this totally go?!
Phoebe: (To Rachel) Thank you Rachel but, look at Monica!
Phoebe: Ooh, is that spelled with a ‘C’ or a ‘K’? Oh my God! It doesn’t matter; they’re both great!
Phoebe: Got it.
Phoebe: (coming back out) Hey! Rachel! Come on!!!!
Phoebe: (hearing the signal) I’m coming! I’m coming! (She takes off towards the signal and almost knocks another woman over.)
Phoebe: Okay! (Runs that way and hears another whistle blast.) Hey! (Heads the other way and hears another blast.) What do I do?!! (She runs in the second direction and finds that the whistling is coming from inside a rack. She moves the dresses out of the way to find Rachel curled up in a fetal position frantically blowing on the whistle.) What are you doing? (Rachel doesn’t stop.) Did you find the dress? (Rachel won’t stop so Phoebe pinches her nose shut which causes her to spit the whistle out.)
Phoebe: Did you find the dress?
Phoebe: I—We gotta get Monica. (She starts to leave.)
Phoebe: Oh my God!! (She grabs Rachel’s hand and drags her towards Monica.) Excuse me! Excuse me! (She’s knocking women and veils out of the way as she moves.) 
Phoebe: I know. Hand me a tissue. (Monica hands her one.)
Phoebe: What?!
Phoebe: (gasps) Does that mean Carcass is available?
Phoebe: Well just figure out a way to talk him out of it.
Phoebe: Yeah, swing music is so out.
Phoebe: Yeah but the Swing Kings? Y’know they suck so much that people actually die at their concerts—They just stop living.
Phoebe: Oh my God! (Joey looks at her.) I’m sorry, too soon. You go.
Phoebe: Good for you!
Phoebe: Oh my God! That guy at the counter is totally checking you out!
Phoebe: Go for it.
Phoebe: I’m just saying, get his number just in case. But no Chandler is in an accident and can’t perform sexually and he would want you to take a lover to satisfy the needs that he can no longer fulfill.
Phoebe: I did, but that was really fun.
Phoebe: Oh hey!
Phoebe: Oh, great! We couldn’t keep our eyes off each other all night and then every once and a while y’know, he’d kinda lean over and stroke my hair and touch my neck. (Does that to Monica.)
Phoebe: (laughs) All I could think of was y’know, "Is he gonna kiss me? Is he gonna kiss me?"
Phoebe: I’m a lady Monica, I don’t kiss and tell. But this hickey speaks for itself. (She starts to open up her blouse.)
Phoebe: I just like him so much that I just feel like I’ve had 10 drinks today and I’ve only had six.
Phoebe: You sound like a guy.
Phoebe: You’ll have a last kiss.
Phoebe: Okay bye. (They kiss.)
Phoebe: Bye! (Phoebe goes over and joins Monica on the couch.) We said good-bye at the door so as not to flaunt our new love.
Phoebe: (yelling back) I miss you too!!!! (He walks away.)
Phoebe: No. Why?
Phoebe: Okay, don’t sweat it. (Looking around her.) Chandler is nowhere around so go ahead get it out of your system. That guy’s cute. (Points to a guy sitting behind Monica.)
Phoebe: No that is the last thing you want to do!
Phoebe: Because you’re marrying him!
Phoebe: All right, I’ve never been engaged and I’ve never really been married, but I can only tell you what my mother told me. Whenever you have doubts or fears or anxieties about a relationship, do not communicate them to your husband.
Phoebe: That is correct! Yes, you’re supposed to take all of that stuff and put it in a little box in your mind and then lock it up tight.
Phoebe: Yes!
Phoebe: Oh my God! You’re right! Go! (Monica starts to leave.) Go tell Chandler! Hurry before it’s too late! Wait no! (Monica stops.) Does this also mean putting out doesn’t get you love? (Monica is shocked.)
Phoebe: Rach? 
Phoebe: Oh. (Picks it up.) It’s just so unexpected! I…I uh…Boy I’ll tell you it’s just such an honor to be nominated for a Nobel Prize and y’know to win one for a massage. Especially after having just won a Tony award for best actress in…
Phoebe: …in Reservations at 8:00 by Neil Simon. (To an imaginary Neil Simon) Thank-thank you Neil. Thank you for the words. (Blows him a kiss.)
Phoebe: Please, don’t play the music. Just uh one more. LIVE FROM NEW YORK! IT’S SATURDAY NIGHT!!
Phoebe: (To Joey) Oh hey! How was your audition?
Phoebe: What are you doing?
Phoebe: Oh! You got it?!
Phoebe: The next, next?
Phoebe: What’s the matter?
Phoebe: Grandma’s gonna have to get in line.
Phoebe: Hey the wedding is so close! Are you getting nervous?
Phoebe: Sure.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Yeah!
Phoebe: What?!
Phoebe: Well when can we have this shower?
Phoebe: Well that’s only two days away. What is the other option?
Phoebe: Well if we make it yesterday, woo-hoo! We’re done!
Phoebe: Rachel, calm down!
Phoebe: (grabs and shakes Rachel) Just calm down woman!
Phoebe: Oh okay. All right, then I need to calm down a little.
Phoebe: Uh, here. What time?
Phoebe: Finger sandwiches and tea.
Phoebe: And chili!
Phoebe: Both!
Phoebe: Neither.
Phoebe: Lusts of the flesh.
Phoebe: I don’t know. (Timidly) A cowboy theme?
Phoebe: Hey! I’ve got a great idea for party favors for the shower. Okay, we get some uh mahogany boxes and carve everyone’s names in them and inside is everyone’s individual birth stone.
Phoebe: Okay. Okay! Well okay, who do we know that’s coming? Me. Are you?
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Okay but look! Look at what I got! It’s her address book! (Holds it up.) We have a guest list!
Phoebe: Uh-huh, and a little seed money for the party. (Holds up $40.)
Phoebe: Hi!
Phoebe: How are you? (The woman nods) Good. (She goes over to another couple of women.) Hi, thanks for coming.
Phoebe: Thank you. (To the other woman) No? (She nods.) All right. (She goes to another pairing.) Oh, it’s so nice to see you.
Phoebe: Okay. (Goes over to Rachel.) Hey Rach?
Phoebe: Who the hell are all these people?
Phoebe: Hmm, y’know there’s another word for people like that. Losers!
Phoebe: You were supposed to tell her!
Phoebe: Fine, I’ll go call her.
Phoebe: And then for forgetting to invite you to it.
Phoebe: Yeah. Well, we called everyone in your phone book and bunch of people came, but it took us so long to get you here that they-they had to leave.
Phoebe: We ruined everything.
Phoebe: Sur-surprise.
Phoebe: Cassie, are you finding everything okay in there?
Phoebe: Oh! No problem! I… (Cassie emerges from the bathroom and we once again visit slow motion Barry White background music land with the sexy hair-flipping thing going on, only this time Phoebe is entranced. For more information on Denise Richards you can visit your local library or look her up on the Internet at her official website at www.deniserichards.com.)
Phoebe: (in her head) Say something! Say anything! Ask her out! She’s not your cousin!
Phoebe: I like our way. Oh! (Grabs a piece and jumps a bunch of Joey’s like in Checkers.) Chess!
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Hey oh, Rach wait! Do you want to go to a movie tonight?
Phoebe: What is this? What’s going on?
Phoebe: Joey’s!
Phoebe: (laughs) Yeah, I’m sure that happened.
Phoebe: Sure!
Phoebe: (To Joey) Which means she had a couple spritzers and a quick peck on the cheek.
Phoebe: Okay! I just—I didn’t know that you are a lesbian. (Joey smiles and nods lewdly.)
Phoebe: Okay, it just seems pretty wild and you’re so—y’know so…vanilla.
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: To Ross.
Phoebe: Okay! All right! Yeah! ‘Cause I just can’t picture it.
Phoebe: Of course! Yeah, I was uh, umm Thigh Mega Tampon.
Phoebe: Yeah! Y’know, we were really huge too, but then they had to shut us down when Regina Philange died of alcohol poisoning.
Phoebe: Really?!
Phoebe: Oh, somewhere Joey’s head is exploding.
Phoebe: Rachel, it’s okay. You don’t have to do this. I believe you. All right? Okay, if-if you say that you kissed Melissa, then you kissed Melissa.
Phoebe: I know.
Phoebe: I just wanted to see what all the fuss was about.
Phoebe: I’ve had better.
Phoebe: What?!
Phoebe: Yeah, except your breasts look kinda small. (Points.)
Phoebe: Oh! Yeah! (Monica glares at her.)
Phoebe: Well maybe you don’t talk about your feelings back then. Maybe you just say something about y’know all the things that he’s taught you. Like… (They all try to think about one example and don’t succeed.) Or all the things you taught him.
Phoebe: Oh, look, twins. Hi, guys. Oh, cute, cute.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Well let’s just say its she’s lucky she has a sweet ass, ‘cause she’s not so good at the writing.
Phoebe: Well let’s just hope it works. Y’know nine out of ten marriages end in divorce?
Phoebe: Yeah, you’re right. How’s the Mrs.?
Phoebe: (looking out the window) Oh, look! There's Monica and Chandler! (Starts yelling.) Hey! Hey, you guys! Hey! (Chandler and Monica start taking each other's clothes off.) Ohh!! Ohh! Ahh-ahhh!!
Phoebe: (screaming) Ahhh!! Chandler and Monica!! Chandler and Monica!!
Phoebe: CHANDLER AND MONICA!!!!
Phoebe: OH!! MY EYES!!! MY EYES!!!!
Phoebe: NO! THEY'RE DOING IT!!!
Phoebe: YOU KNOW?!!!
Phoebe: (Screaming incoherently.) Get in here!!! (Motions to join her and Rachel.)
Phoebe: Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?
Phoebe: Or, we could not tell them we know and have a little fun of our own
Phoebe: Bye Chandler! (She walks up to him.) (Quietly.) I miss you already. (She pinches his butt.)
Phoebe: I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, bye! (Hangs up.) Oh my God! He wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more!
Phoebe: No!
Phoebe: God, they thought they can mess with us! They're trying to mess with us?! They don't know that we know they know we know! (Joey just shakes his head.) Joey, you can't say anything!
Phoebe: He's not backing down. He went to get lotion.
Phoebe: Joey! (Examining the dress.) Wow, you didn’t rip off any buttons.
Phoebe: Umm, not without you, lover. (She slowly walks over to him and is showcasing her bra.) So, this is my bra.
Phoebe: You should be. I'm very bendy. (Pause) I'm gonna kiss you now.
Phoebe: Ooh.
Phoebe: Here it comes. Our first kiss.
Phoebe: And why not?!
Phoebe: You're-you're what?!
Phoebe: I just—I thought you guys were doing it, I didn't know you were in love!
Phoebe: Y’know, you’re friend’s getting married, it’s gotta change things.
Phoebe: How could it not be? I mean pretty soon they’re gonna be having kids, and then they’re just gonna be hanging out with other couples who have kids. And then maybe they’re gonna have to leave the city to be near a Volvo dealership.
Phoebe: Hey.
Phoebe: Oh!
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: (To Monica) Oh, that’s beautiful.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: I’ve never driven it! Okay? Not once! Okay once. Okay, I drive it all the time.
Phoebe: Okay, I can fix this! Okay Monica, Rachel thinks all you can talk about is the wedding. (Rachel glares at her.)
Phoebe: Ooh, I think I wanna trade circles.
Phoebe: Okay, I think I need to do some shopping. (Gets up and leaves.)
Phoebe: Hey sweetie!
Phoebe: Yeah! Sure! Ooh, I left my purse up at Monica’s. I’ll be right back. (She goes to get it.)
Phoebe: What? (He leans in to kiss her.) Oh. (They kiss and Phoebe pauses.) Ooh. (Pause) Whoa! That one kept going. (Exits.)
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Yeah!
Phoebe: I know. They were mine.
Phoebe: No, it’s not! We were just goofing around and I dared him to try them on.
Phoebe: I’m wearing his briefs right now.
Phoebe: I think so too. And that little flap? Great for holding my lipstick.
Phoebe: And! Y’know what Jake says? That women’s underwear is actually more comfortable. And he loves the way the silk feels against his skin.
Phoebe: There is nothing wrong with Jake! Okay? He is all man! I’m thinking even more than you.
Phoebe: I’m just saying that only a man completely secure with his masculinity could walk around in women’s underwear! I don’t think you could ever do that.
Phoebe: Okay whatever.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Wow! Nice! Manly and also kind of a slut.
Phoebe: Uh-huh.
Phoebe: Huh.
Phoebe: That’s great Joe!
Phoebe: Uh-huh.
Phoebe: Hmm?
Phoebe: I think it’s important that you do.
Phoebe: Feel better?
Phoebe: Yeah, I understand.
Phoebe: Why?! What’s happening to the coffee house?! (Monica looks at her.) Oh! (Realizes.)
Phoebe: What are they?
Phoebe: That play?
Phoebe: The movie?
Phoebe: Ohh!
Phoebe: Oh, yeah! Back then y’know, we called the Great War. It really was!
Phoebe: Congratulations!
Phoebe: Go ahead.
Phoebe: Yes! Very good.
Phoebe: Ross, please! My make-up! (He walks away angrily.)
Phoebe: (walking up) What’s up? (Rachel hands her the note and she reads it.) Tell Monica I’m sorry. (Pause) Tell her yourself!
Phoebe: Oh my God! Chandler just left though!
Phoebe: Or maybe he-he was writing to tell her that-that he’s changed his name, y’know? Tell Monica I’m sorry.
Phoebe: Don’t be so negative! Good God! Isn’t it possible that Sorry is sitting in there (Joey and Rachel’s apartment) right now?!
Phoebe: (pointing at Ross) Okay but if you don’t find him and bring him back, I am gonna hunt you down and kick your ass!
Phoebe: Oh man.
Phoebe: Okay. Well there’s one down.
Phoebe: Y’know she might not even notice he’s gone.
Phoebe: Shhh! Stop it! Stop it Rachel! You can’t do this here! (She drags her into the bathroom.)
Phoebe: Yeah, but you’ve got to pull yourself together! Monica can’t see you like this! Then she’ll know something’s wrong!
Phoebe: Yeah. (Looks.) Oh, that’s gone too. This is Monica’s bathroom right?!
Phoebe: No-no! I-I…I found one.
Phoebe: (looking into the trash can) Sure. (Reaching into the trash can.) Do you need some floss? (Grabs a piece of it.)
Phoebe: Oh here’s a whole bunch.
Phoebe: (finding something interesting in the trash can) Oh my God!
Phoebe: There was a pregnancy test in the garbage, and it’s positive. Monica’s pregnant. (Rachel covers her mouth.) So I guess she won’t be totally alone.
Phoebe: I know! Monica’s gonna have a baby! Hey, can this count as her something new?
Phoebe: Hey, do you think this is why Chandler took off?
Phoebe: Oh God, this is turning into the worst wedding day ever! The bride is pregnant. The groom is missing. And I’m still holding this. (She throws the test back into the trash.)
Phoebe: Right.
Phoebe: Yeah, okay. Hey, wait. Do you know what kind of birth control she was using?
Phoebe: Just for the future, this is hardly a commercial for it.
Phoebe: You told them he was missing?
Phoebe: Okay. I’m going with you.
Phoebe: Ross, you’re tired. You’ve been looking all night. And clearly you suck at this.
Phoebe: Okay. Wait, do you know how you’re going to stall her?
Phoebe: All right. Good luck.
Phoebe: Oh my God! Is that him? (She points at someone.)
Phoebe: He could be in disguise, y’know.
Phoebe: What the hell are you doing?!
Phoebe: Why not?!
Phoebe: But look Chandler, right now, no one has a lower opinion of you than I do. But I totally believe you can do this.
Phoebe: (entering) Found the vest! I mean we’re gonna have to keep an eye on it, y’know make sure we don’t lose it again…
Phoebe: So-so you two were married huh? What happened? You just drift apart?
Phoebe: Oh my God Monica!
Phoebe: (To Rachel) Wait! Maybe, maybe you’re overreacting! You do that y’know.
Phoebe: Okay. Oh but don’t tell them Monica’s pregnant because, they frown on that.
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: Yeah!
Phoebe: What’s going on?
Phoebe: Oh my God! Why would you play hide and seek with someone you know is a flight risk?!
Phoebe: Hey! Oh!
Phoebe: You know?!
Phoebe: What? You’ll hi-ya?
Phoebe: Well you obviously didn’t see Chucky 3.
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: Oh and they’re gonna have a baby.
Phoebe: So, we realize that—Oh no… (She resets herself) I’m telling it! I’m telling it… (She loses it.)
Phoebe: ‘Xcusa seniora, voulez-bere quakay—[Beep]—uck it!
Phoebe: Oh-ooh, and I brought Operation, but umm I lost the umm… (It starts buzzing) It’s making a noise.
Phoebe: Ooh, Soap Opera Digest!
Phoebe: Well at Monica’s you can eat—(Suddenly cracks up.)
Phoebe: What do I smell?
Phoebe: What do I smell?
Phoebe: What do I smell?
Phoebe: What do I smell?
Phoebe: (spitting the cookie out onto a napkin) Oh, sweet Je—(Beep)—sus! Oh! Monica, these are the (laughing) cookies they serve in hell!
Phoebe: Thank you my babies. (Waves good-bye.)
Phoebe: Okay. (Phoebe and Rachel join Monica and Chandler on the altar.) Hey Mon, why did you tell the guys you weren’t pregnant?
Phoebe: We found your test in the trash, if you’re not pregnant—(She sees Rachel shaking her head)—It’s because I am.
Phoebe: Yes, I…I am with child. (Flash) And I didn’t want to say anything because it’s your day; I didn’t want to steal your thunder.
Phoebe: I can’t say.
Phoebe: I can’t say because he’s famous.
Phoebe: Okay, okay. It’s James Brolin. James Brolin is the father of my baby.
Phoebe: What?! Well he never said that to me!
Phoebe: How about just the bridemaids?
Phoebe: It is.
Phoebe: Oh my God!
Phoebe: So instead you told me Monica was pregnant.
Phoebe: Sneaky.
Phoebe: Uh-hmm.
Phoebe: Oh, I know. I could only think of two names, him and Ed Begley Jr. and then I remembered he’s gay.
Phoebe: (intrigued) Really?!
Phoebe: So, are you ready to talk about it?
Phoebe: Now?
Phoebe: Okay, we’ll talk about something else then.
Phoebe: Who’s the father?!
Phoebe: Yeah. That’s fine. That’s fair. Is it Tag?
Phoebe: Okay, I’m sorry. I’ll stop.
Phoebe: Is it Ross? It’s Ross isn’t it—Oh my God, it’s Joey!
Phoebe: Ah-hah! At least we know it’s a him.
Phoebe: Well, I just got off the phone with my lover, James Brolin…
Phoebe: Yes, and apparently he is married to some singer, but he said he would leave her for me. And I said, "James, James Brolin, are you sure?" James Brolin said…
Phoebe: (shocked) What?! (deadpan) Why bother?
Phoebe: Calm down. Maybe you’re not pregnant.
Phoebe: When I got pregnant with the triplets, I took that test like three times just to make sure.
Phoebe: I’m-I’m just saying, don’t freak out until you’re a hundred percent sure.
Phoebe: I’ll run out and get you one.
Phoebe: Oh no, she won’t tell us.
Phoebe: See? This is why you register.
Phoebe: 30 seconds.
Phoebe: It’s time.
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: Umm, it’s negative.
Phoebe: It’s negative.
Phoebe: Here. (Gives Rachel a tissue.)
Phoebe: No, it’s positive.
Phoebe: It’s-it’s not negative, it’s positive.
Phoebe: Well yeah, I lied before.
Phoebe: Now you know how you really feel about it.
Phoebe: With who?
Phoebe: Oh! Joey uh, were you in our room last night?
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Are you gonna open the presents without Chandler?
Phoebe: A little mirror that when you look into it you see yourself as an old woman.
Phoebe: Ohhh! My God! For tiny salt!
Phoebe: Oh yeah.
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: Well I guess it’s okay to open one more if it’s part of a set. Y’know, it’s probably this one. (Grabs another small one.)
Phoebe: Yeah that’s right Chandler does still think I’m pregnant. He hasn’t asked me how I’m feeling or offered to carry my bags. Boy, I feel bad for the woman who ends up with him. (Monica looks at her.) After you of course.
Phoebe: Ooh, is it someone in this building? Is it that tall guy from the first floor?
Phoebe: What?! I think he’s cute.
Phoebe: Believe me I’m trying.
Phoebe: Yeah. You’re just gonna knock on his door and change his life forever. You’re like Ed McMahon except without the big check, or the raw sexual magnetism.
Phoebe: Pretty big? It’s huge! God, this guy doesn’t have a clue! He’s just walking down the street thinking, ‘I had sex with Rachel Green. I rock!’ then bam! He’s a father and everything’s different.
Phoebe: Okay. Then he still has this huge decision to make. Now he’s walking around thinking, ‘Do I want to be a dad?’ and then bam!
Phoebe: I don’t. He got…he-he-he-he’s hit by a bus.
Phoebe: Oh yeah. That’s me.
Phoebe: Yes. Yes I am. Oh my God, I’m gonna have a baby! (Joey and Phoebe hug.)
Phoebe: You don’t know him. It’s not important. He wants nothing to do with me or the baby. (She sits down like she’s pregnant.)
Phoebe: David Lynn.
Phoebe: Oh some guy from my gym. A little annoying.
Phoebe: Hey! Ooh, did you do it yet?
Phoebe: Oh, well what are you doing here? Are you about to do it? (Gasps) Is it Gunther?
Phoebe: Thank God, ‘cause that hair on a baby…
Phoebe: Why not?
Phoebe: Bus?
Phoebe: Well-well but it is huge.
Phoebe: You’re thinking about this way too much. Just tell him and get it over with. It’s like, it’s like ripping off this Band-Aid. (On her arm) Quick and painless, watch. (Rips it off.) Oh mother of…See?
Phoebe: (entering) Hey.
Phoebe: All right. (She sits down like she’s pregnant again.)
Phoebe: Hell yeah! I’ll marry you! (She grabs the ring and puts it on.)
Phoebe: Hey lady, your day’s over! It’s my turn!
Phoebe: I can and I will! (Kisses him.)
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: It’s Joey! (Joey turns and looks at her and she mouths ‘I love you’ to him.)
Phoebe: We don’t know.
Phoebe: Who? Who is it?
Phoebe: Was that story over? 
Phoebe: (gasps) Oh my God! I know who the father is… (She walks into Monica and Chandler’s.)
Phoebe: Look, I feel really bad about how I freaked you out before, so I called the father and asked him to meet you here so you can tell him. Go!
Phoebe: I may play the fool at times, but I’m a little more than a pretty blond girl with an ass that won’t quit. (She takes the sweater out of her purse.) I believe this belongs to the father of your baby.
Phoebe: Uh-huh. Now you can turn around or you can go in there and rip the Band-Aid off. What to you want to do?
Phoebe: Really? Are you sure?
Phoebe: Okay, sorry. Yeah. (They go inside to confront the father.)
Phoebe: Rachel has something that she wants to tell you and umm, I believe that this is your red sweater.
Phoebe: Oh no. Could I get anyone a coffee or…poison? No? Just for me? Okay. (Walks away.)
Phoebe: What?!!
Phoebe: No!!
Phoebe: I can’t say that didn’t hurt. But I’ll take you back Joey Tribbiani.
Phoebe: Ooh! A Salami Buddy!
Phoebe: Wait you stole those from these people’s wedding?
Monica and Phoebe:
Phoebe: Yeah! Have a great honeymoon!
Phoebe: It was his sweater, but—Oh my God!
Phoebe: Me too! (Joins the hug.)
Phoebe: Yeah, bye.
Phoebe: Oh, it's so romantic to send people off on their honeymoon.
Phoebe: All in good time my love. All in good time. Oh shoot! I left my guitar in their apartment. Well you can let me in later.
Phoebe: What?! They took mine to give to you!
Phoebe: Maybe they don’t trust us.
Phoebe: You mean the time you broke the ketchup bottle and cleaned it up with Monica’s guest towels?
Phoebe: No you didn’t.
Phoebe: Well, what am I gonna do? I really need my guitar!
Phoebe: What stuff?
Phoebe: Did Rachel find you?
Phoebe: Oh she was looking for you.
Phoebe: Well, she really wanted to talk to you now.
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: (deadpan) And?
Phoebe: Oh sorry. (Shocked) And?!
Phoebe: (To Joey) Maybe it’s something you ate?
Phoebe: Of course I do! And I’m gonna give it back to you as soon as they’re done with it at the key shining place.
Phoebe: Well why don’t you use your key?
Phoebe: Oh! We could have done that.
Phoebe: Oh great! And listen, could you do us a favor and not tell Chandler and Monica about this? ‘Cause y’know umm, they don’t-they don’t have any kids of their own and-and this door was like a child to them.
Phoebe: Oh no.
Phoebe: Didn’t you two already talk?
Phoebe: (simultaneously) Holy mother of God!!!
Phoebe: That is brand new information!!
Phoebe: A little bit.
Phoebe: Oh Ross.
Phoebe: Oh hey hi, he’s doing it. He’s breaking down the door. (The chair breaks in half.) Okay, we’re in. (She hangs up the phone.)
Phoebe: Hey! So how was the doctor?
Phoebe: Good.
Phoebe: Oh.
Phoebe: Hi!
Phoebe: Come on in! 
Phoebe: So how was the honeymoon?
Phoebe: That was the best part? (To Chandler) Good honeymooning tiger.
Phoebe: Oh, Greg and Jenny yuck! (Angrily) Hi Greg, I’m Chandler this is Monica. Hi Monica, this is Jenny. Hi Jenny. Hi Greg.
Phoebe: You have got to be kidding me!
Phoebe: Monica! That’s not right! Start with where.
Phoebe: I can’t believe he taped the two of them having sex!
Phoebe: (nasally) Greg and Jenny?
Phoebe: You got fake numbered.
Phoebe: Excuse me, I don’t want Greg and Jenny’s rejects.
Phoebe: Hmm, I wonder why. Pervert!
Phoebe: That’s like the pervert motto! Yeah! Yeah! They have you raise your right hand, put your left hand down your pants, and repeat that!
Phoebe: Regina Philange. (Ken and Regina shake hands.)
Phoebe: No! Not the sex part, just the stuff leading up to it.
Phoebe: Okay fine! Fine! We’ll just have to think of some other way to put the whole ‘Who came onto who,’ thing to rest! Come on now, think!!
Phoebe: You’re gonna get pregnant.
Phoebe: Oh, you came on to Ross!
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Dinner was good! 
Phoebe: I’m just saying hi! Now I’m gonna go! 
Phoebe: (To him) Oh, well hello there.
Phoebe: (To Monica) I didn’t see this on the menu.
Phoebe: Oh, so you're Monica’s boss?
Phoebe: Oh! I sous stand.
Phoebe: Oh you…you made pesto?
Phoebe: Would you say your pesto is the best-o?
Phoebe: I made it myself.
Phoebe: Well, it’s no pesto.
Phoebe: Ooh Monica!
Phoebe: Oh my God! I had the best time with Tim last night. He is so sweet! Oh, I can’t wait to get sous-neath him.
Phoebe: But why?!
Phoebe: Well maybe he was just nervous, y’know you can be very intimidating. And besides I’ve met your pastry chef and she can stand to be taken down a peg or two.
Phoebe: But Monica, he loves his job so much! Can you just give him another chance? Please?
Phoebe: That’s fair! Thank you so much. Thanks. Oops, it looks like when he got the pastry chef he got you a little bit too.
Phoebe: Love it!
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: But…
Phoebe: Okay. Okay, but you can’t fire him today.
Phoebe: Because I’m dumping him today.
Phoebe: He is sweet. He’s too sweet. He calls me all the time. (Mimicking him) "So did-did you get home from work okay?" "Did-did you get out of the shower okay?"
Phoebe: Then he comes over! (Mimicking him) "I’m so worried about you." Uck! Be a man!
Phoebe: You can’t fire him and dump him the same day, he’ll kill himself.
Phoebe: Are you kidding?! Another week with that sip, I’ll kill myself!
Phoebe: Okay. But the question is who’s gonna go first. ‘Cause whoever goes second is the bitch.
Phoebe: Come on! The boss that fires a guy that’s just been dumped, bitch! And the woman who dumps a guy that’s just been fired, blond bitch!
Phoebe: All right, that makes sense. (Starts towards the door.) Ugh. But—Screw you I’m going first! (She grabs her purse and runs out.)
Phoebe: Hi.
Phoebe: It will be…in a minute. Listen, Tim you’re a really great guy.
Phoebe: Aw. (Phoebe gets a bad taste in her mouth when he looks away) I’m just—I’m in a place in my life right now where I…I…
Phoebe: Oh-oh no she doesn’t! I know what that is. You can stay.
Phoebe: Monica!
Phoebe: (simultaneously) I’m breaking up with you!
Phoebe: I’m, I’m breaking up with you.
Phoebe: I’m sorry, I’m just—I’m…I’m just not ready for a relationship right now.
Phoebe: Oh that’s good, the chemistry thing for us too.
Phoebe: And Tim I just wanna say, good luck here. (Shakes his hand and leaves, which disgusts Monica.)
Phoebe: Oh good! (And there’s general excitement.)
Phoebe: Now wasn’t Joey hitting on her at the wedding too?
Phoebe: Ursula! (Ursula turns, smiles, and continues walking.) Wait! Err-err, it’s me! Phoebe!
Phoebe: Wait a second! So, what’s new with you?
Phoebe: What?!
Phoebe: Huh. Okay. Well, I’m really happy for you. (Starts to walk away.)
Phoebe: Really?
Phoebe: Yeah. Okay. Umm, y’know, my friends are having a Halloween party tonight at my old apartment so, you could come. Maybe I could meet the guy you’re marrying.
Phoebe: By the way, it’s a costume party.
Phoebe: (looks down) No. But thanks. (Walks away.)
Phoebe: Ah, Catwoman. So we meet again.
Phoebe: No, it’s me. Phoebe!
Phoebe: (To Chandler) That is so you!
Phoebe: No wonder your pregnant.
Phoebe: Okay, I will. But right after you tell me who the hell you are.
Phoebe: Ursula’s fiancée?
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: My mother killed herself.
Phoebe: No-no! That’s okay, we’ll just start over. Okay? Hi! I’m Phoebe.
Phoebe: Why are you looking at me like that?
Phoebe: Okay. (Hands him a napkin.) So, what are you?
Phoebe: (laughs) No I-I meant your costume.
Phoebe: I love the second grade!
Phoebe: Yeah! It’s so much better than first grade when you don’t know what’s going on and definitely better than third grade. Y’know with all the politics and mind games.
Phoebe: Umm, I’m a masseuse…by day. (Stands with her hands on her hips like a Supergirl pose.)
Phoebe: No I’m having fun. I’m really—And I’m really-really excited for you and Ursula.
Phoebe: Thank you.
Phoebe: (walking over) Hey. Ursula’s fiancée is really sweet! He’s a teacher, he does all this volunteer work. Y’know normally y’know, I don’t like really sweaty guys. But this one? I could just mop him up!
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: No I’m not! You are!
Phoebe: Hello handsome. (Sees Ursula over her shoulder) Oh God. (Walks away in shame as they kiss.) Oh look at you two. So when did you guys meet?
Phoebe: Two weeks? That’s it?
Phoebe: Oh really?
Phoebe: Huh? (Ursula motions for Phoebe to keep quiet.)
Phoebe: Peace Corps, really? (Ursula motions, "I don’t know.")
Phoebe: Hi liar!
Phoebe: Y’know the only reason he’s marrying you is because he thinks all the things you were saying about yourself were true.
Phoebe: But they’re not!
Phoebe: Why are you lying to him?
Phoebe: You too. And Ursula?! It was really nice meeting you tonight!!
Phoebe: Hmm?
Phoebe: Oh.
Phoebe: Sure it does. Yeah, yeah.
Phoebe: Umm listen, I don’t think…I don’t think I’m gonna make it to the wedding. So I just want to wish you all the luck in the world.
Phoebe: Okay I can’t let you do this! She’s lying to you.
Phoebe: She is lying! And I bet I can prove it. Excuse me. (She grabs Ursula’s purse and starts going through it and finds some papers.) Okay. Okay. Yeah—Not a prayer chain, but what looks like a detailed drawing of a bank floor plan. (Holds up her nametag.) Okay, here’s the nametag from the restaurant where she works as a waitress! Not a teacher, a waitress. All right, here’s her driver license, this oughta be good, she always lies about this. How old did she say she was?
Phoebe: Oh, I almost don’t want to show this. (Hands it to him.) Just remember I’m a minute younger.
Phoebe: No. You’re not, you’re not stupid.
Phoebe: That’s good, you should be impulsive and you should be romantic. Just…you did it with the wrong person. (He looks at her.) What?
Phoebe: Yeah, you should. (They shake hands.)
Phoebe: (looking around) Who’s cell phone is that? It’s just so annoying; everywhere you go.
Phoebe: (checks) I never get calls!! (Answers the phone) Hello?
Phoebe: Oh my God Eric hi! Wait, how’d you get this number?
Phoebe: Wow! What an incredible violation—and wonderful surprise.
Phoebe: Oh you did? (To Rachel) He did it! He did it!
Phoebe: Shhh! I’m talking.
Phoebe: Are you asking me out? ‘Cause it would be kinda weird since you just broke up with my sister.
Phoebe: No! Wait! I was just saying that so you’d think I was a good person. Fight for me.
Phoebe: Not great, but we can work on it at lunch. Okay, I can be at your apartment in two hours.
Phoebe: I’ve got friends too. Okay, bye.
Phoebe: Oh my God! I’m going out with Eric! Ooh, this day is really gonna be so much better than I thought it was gonna be. Oh Ross, I can’t make lunch. (Exits.)
Phoebe: Hi!
Phoebe: Yeah, me too. Not in the shaky angry way you are though.
Phoebe: Oh.
Phoebe: Yeah. (Covers her face with her hand.) Yeah.
Phoebe: Maybe this is too weird.
Phoebe: No don’t tear out your eyes!!
Phoebe: Oh, yeah try that. (He finishes and looks at her.) So, is that better?
Phoebe: Look Eric, turn around. (He does so.) Look, I like you, but it shouldn’t be this hard. Y’know? This is our first date y’know? First dates are supposed to be about excitement and electricity and ‘Ooh, he just touched my hand, did he mean to touch my hand?’ and y’know first kisses and…(He kisses her)…second kisses. (Motions for him to kiss her again which he does and they start to make out.)
Phoebe: Ooh, oh no! I have to go! I have a massage appointment.
Phoebe: No, I got in trouble for that before. I’ll see you later.
Phoebe: Really? That’s the thing I’m worse at! You’ll see. (Exits.)
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!
Phoebe: Hey! (Jumps on the bed with him.) Can we pick up where we left off?
Phoebe: Why?
Phoebe: What sex?
Phoebe: We didn’t have sex.
Phoebe: (simultaneously as Eric) Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew!
Phoebe: You-you…you had sex with Ursula?!
Phoebe: You didn’t notice she was wearing different clothes?!
Phoebe: Oh. Ew! Ew! Ew! Ugh! Y’know what? This is too weird.
Phoebe: So I guess this is it.
Phoebe: Yeah, so do you.
Phoebe: Huh?
Phoebe: Sure. Yeah, he’s kinda sexy.
Phoebe: Okay so, we’ll just come up with some kind of signal if it’s going well you can take off.
Phoebe: Oh. Why not?
Phoebe: Oh Rachel, this is all so ‘Papa don’t preach.’
Phoebe: Wow! Oh well, I will be there! 
Phoebe: Gosh. I’m not gonna let that man make you eat your baby. (They both sit down by the rest of the gang and Phoebe recognizes a man by the window.) Oh. Hey! Who is that guy? I think I know him.
Phoebe: Oh my God!!! Monica!! He’s the stripper from your bachelorette party!!
Phoebe: Your secret bachelorette party…
Phoebe: She untied his G-string with her teeth. (Pause) Somebody stop me!
Phoebe: Oh, I-I don’t eat meat.
Phoebe: Yeah, I don’t eat that either.
Phoebe: He’s right though, the ’74 is absolute piss.
Phoebe: Rachel!
Phoebe: Why, so he can get mad at the baby?
Phoebe: It’s slang for pregnant.
Phoebe: I’m sorry I won’t be able to make it to your imaginary wedding, but I’m really busy that day. Yeah, I already have a unicorn baptism and a leprechaun bar mitzvah.
Phoebe: It’s Lafite. The ’74 Latour is actually drinking quite nicely.
Phoebe: I’d better go. (She goes and sits down in the La-Z-Boy E-cliner 3000, the chair that Sit magazine called chair of the year, and they both look at her.) Just over here: I don’t want to miss the fight.
Phoebe: That’s it?! You call that a fight? Come on! "We were on a break!" "No we weren’t!" What happened to you two?!
Phoebe: (entering, quietly) Wow, you told your dad the truth.
Phoebe: Wanna go see a movie?
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!
Phoebe: I brought you my old maternity clothes! (Sets a bag on the counter.)
Phoebe: Yeah! And look, (Grabs the pants) see how they expand as the baby grows? (There’s a stretchy part in front.) And then after the baby’s born, they’re great for shoplifting melons.
Phoebe: Turkey’s are beautiful, intelligent animals!
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!
Phoebe: Happy Thanksgiving!
Phoebe: Anything I can do to help?
Phoebe: Sure!
Phoebe: Okay. (She starts folding the napkins in half.)
Phoebe: Yeah, it all just came screaming back to me. (Monica exits.) (To Chandler) So how’s the game?
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: I don’t believe you! That is…brilliant! And Monica has no idea?
Phoebe: Well I want to get in on this. Hey Mon? I don’t think I can help you after all, I didn’t realize this game was on.
Phoebe: Well normally I don’t, but y’know…(looks at the TV)…Green Bay is playing.
Phoebe: Well it’s only like my favorite bay! {Actually, it’s not bad. It just gets a little cold in winter, but in Wisconsin winter only lasts from August to June. J }
Phoebe: (nonchalantly glancing) Hey. (Turns back around.) Wow! (Looks up.) Well done.
Phoebe: Oh okay.
Phoebe: Noooo!! Damn you ref! You burn in hell!!!
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: (simultaneously) Green Bay.
Phoebe: Well the Lions technically won, but it was a moral victory for the Green Bay…Mermen.
Phoebe: I think you do.
Phoebe: What?! What else did you do?
Phoebe: Oh, come on Will! Just take off your shirt and tell us!
Phoebe: Oh! (They all look.) Wow!
Phoebe: So how did this happen? Did she, did she lure you to an early bird dinner?
Phoebe: I wanna join!
Phoebe: I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I never got to be in a club. I-I didn’t go to high school, but three of us would meet behind a dumpster to learn French. Bonjour.
Phoebe: Okay. (Goes over and hugs him.) It’s exactly how I’d imagined it would be.
Phoebe: Joey! Those are my maternity pants!
Phoebe: Is there anything we can do for you?
Phoebe: How can you let him talk to your crotch like that?
Phoebe: Ohh! Okay! Okay, cause when-when he said, "I can’t wait to hear your first words," I thought, "There’s a trick."
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: Hey Ross! Doesn’t Ben go to the Smithfield Day School?
Phoebe: Sting has a son that goes there too!
Phoebe: You knew this and you never said anything?! With all the stupid dinosaur stuff you tell us?!
Phoebe: Sting’s son, seven years old and there’s a picture.
Phoebe: No, it’s New York magazine. It’s an article about the best schools in the city. So how well do you know Sting?
Phoebe: Uh-huh, yeah that’s too bad. I really want to go to his concert Friday night, but it’s totally sold out. I know! Why don’t you meet him and get tickets?! If you get two I’ll take you.
Phoebe: There you go! Oh, you are so lucky! You might actually get to meet Sting tomorrow! That’s why you have kids!
Phoebe: Wow! They’re beautiful!
Phoebe: What?!
Phoebe: Well then get your money back and return them!
Phoebe: Oh no! Why not?
Phoebe: How come?!
Phoebe: Wait! But Ross if they don’t get along then you should smooth things over. Make them be friends.
Phoebe: Sure you can! Give them some blocks, put them in a playpen!
Phoebe: Your kid is seven?! (Ross nods, "Yes.") (To the rest) He’s really small. (To Ross) Please! Please get the tickets!
Phoebe: Yes you can! Sting says so himself!
Phoebe: (singing) Rosssss can!
Phoebe: (singing) Rossss can!
Phoebe: (singing) Rosss can! Give me the tickets! Ross can give me the tickets!!
Phoebe: Oh, there you are Ben!
Phoebe: Well, I heard you’re having a problem with one of the boys in your class. And so I thought I would just come down here and sit you both down, have a little talk and make it all okay. Now umm, the boy’s name is Sting’s son.
Phoebe: Now Ben, sometimes people may seem like jerks on the outside, but they have famous fathers.
Phoebe: Him you’re friends with. (Starts looking at the children trying to find Jack and a teacher notices her.)
Phoebe: Yes! Yes you can, I’m looking for Jack’s parents.
Phoebe: Uh-huh, I’m with Ben.
Phoebe: I am one of Ben’s mothers. I’m a lesbian. It was, it was difficult coming out to my parents.
Phoebe: Oh.
Phoebe: Ah! Okay so that would make me Susan.
Phoebe: Yeah! Let’s do that!! That-that sounds good. We should sit down and talk, just me, my lover Carol, and the Stings. Umm, how-how will I get in touch with them?
Phoebe: Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Umm, could-could I get a copy of that? ‘Cause Carol threw it out, she lost ours. She’s such a scatterbrain, but man what a hot piece of ass.
Phoebe: Wow! This place is incredible! (Gasps) Sting’s pen…that he gave to Phoebe. (Puts the pen in her purse and goes over to a floor-to-ceiling bookcase) Come on! Secret passageway! (Starts pulling books at random as Trudie enters.)
Phoebe: Hi!
Phoebe: Uh-huh.
Phoebe: Why else would I be here?
Phoebe: Uh-huh. (They go and sit down.)
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: Umm, I’m sorry. Won’t-won’t Jack’s father be joining us?
Phoebe: Uh-hmm. Okay. Well then, could we reschedule? For say, Friday night perhaps at 8 o’clock?
Phoebe: Concert. Yeah. That does put us in…quite a pickle. Because you see I’m very busy before and after the concert, and he’s obviously busy during.
Phoebe: Unless! Unless umm, okay I-I would be willing to go to the concert, umm, all the while thinking about the children of course.
Phoebe: Oh, thank you. Four would be great.
Phoebe: Oh good! Then you’re in luck! Ben’s not my son!
Phoebe: The Police? Here? A reunion?! (She gets out her camera.)
Phoebe: Oh my God! I do love you! How did you do it?!
Phoebe: Oo, where are the seats?
Phoebe: Okay, now would you say that that’s more than 50 yards away from Sting, his wife, or a member of his family?
Phoebe: Then that’s not breaking the law! I’m there!
Phoebe: Yeah?
Phoebe: He’s awfully short and I think he’s talking to himself. And to be completely honest, he’s not that good in bed.
Phoebe: Wait a second! This is about the fourth month of your pregnancy, right?
Phoebe: This is completely normal, around the fourth month your hormones start going crazy.
Phoebe: Oh absolutely yeah! Oh and keep in mind, now, I was carrying triplets so in, y’know, medical terms I was-I was thrice as randy.
Phoebe: Yeah. Yeah, I remember trying to steal a cardboard cutout of Evander Holyfield from a Foot Locker.
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: Yeah. Yeah, that’s what you need a good…pill.
Phoebe: (sitting down next to Ross) Y’know she has a face Ross!
Phoebe: Bye.
Phoebe: Wait, I’m-I’m sorry. What’s the big deal about a holiday card?
Phoebe: Oh hey! So, how did your doctor’s appointment go?
Phoebe: Oh my God.
Phoebe: Okay, remember that little problem I was having during my fourth month of pregnancy?
Phoebe: You wish.
Phoebe: Oh yeah? Come and get it.
Phoebe: Ugh! Women!
Phoebe: Give her a key to your apartment.
Phoebe: No, we hate that.
Phoebe: (entering with some guy) Hey. Ooh Ross! How’d the conversation go?
Phoebe: Where?! (Ross exits.)
Phoebe: Hi! Okay, Monica, Rachel, this is my friend Roger.
Phoebe: So umm, I’m gonna get us some drinks. (To Rachel) Would you help me out?
Phoebe: Umm, he’s here to have sex with you.
Phoebe: You’re welcome.
Phoebe: It’s okay, he’s a virgin.
Phoebe: Yeah, okay let’s leave these two alone.
Phoebe: Fine! Then you tell Roger because he was really looking forward to this! (Phoebe exits.)
Phoebe: Hi. Listen, I’m sorry about that whole thing with Roger. It really wasn’t right, and I, and I want to make it up to you, so umm, I brought you something that I think you’ll really enjoy. (Goes into the hallway and returns carrying the Evander Holyfield cutout.) Now, this is just a loan. Okay? I’m gonna, I’m gonna want him back. So… (Looks at him longingly) I’m gonna go now. (Exits.) (Pause) (Entering) I’m sorry, I thought I could do it and I can’t! (She grabs the cutout and exits for good.)
Phoebe: Hey! I got you a present!!
Phoebe: I got it for your wedding and I ordered it weeks ago, and it finally got here!
Phoebe: It’s a Ms. Pac-Man machine!!
Phoebe: I didn’t know where to put it so I just left it here for now.
Phoebe: Do you really like it?
Phoebe: Oh really? What was your first?
Phoebe: No. No! Yes! Ahh. Oh, would you look at that Monica? I just knocked off all of your top scores, how sad.
Phoebe: Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t hear you over all the winning.
Phoebe: Wait okay, if this game is gonna cause problems between the two of you, then maybe I should just keep it.
Phoebe: Yeah! It’s not like it spits out a Clark bar after every game.
Phoebe: (entering) Hey, you guys. Listen, I’m sorry that I was hogging the game before—(Sees the top ten list)—Oh my God! Your friends have some unfortunate initials!
Phoebe: Chandler sucks! He couldn’t have gotten this good!
Phoebe: I know!
Phoebe: Don’t touch me!!
Phoebe: I can’t!! I can’t!! (She dies.) Noooooooo!!!!!!! You son of a bitch!!!!! 
Phoebe: Oh hi Ben—No!! Don’t look at the machine! (Covers the screen.)
Phoebe:
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe:
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe:
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe:
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: Well, I left my guitar here again.
Phoebe: Okay. (Monica closes the door, gets the guitar, and then hands it out.)
Phoebe: Oh.
Phoebe: Okay. 
Phoebe: Great! Umm…(Monica closes the door again and Phoebe knocks again.)
Phoebe: So do you want to hang out or something?
Phoebe: Oh are you and Chandler…
Phoebe: Okay. Do you guys want me to play for you?
Phoebe: You ask an intriguing question Chandler Bing.
Phoebe: Oh my God! You’re getting a massage! You never let me massage you!!
Phoebe: You told me you hate massages!
Phoebe: I can’t believe this! How long as this been going on?
Phoebe: Oh, it has a name?
Phoebe: Okay—Oop! Too late! I’m leaving! Come on Chandler let’s go! (She storms out.)
Phoebe: (entering) Hello Chandler, lovely day huh? (To Monica) You!
Phoebe: Why won’t you let me massage you?
Phoebe: Monica! We lived together for years! I’ve seen you naked!
Phoebe: I’m curious about the human body.
Phoebe: But I’m a professional! And I’m really good! Look, if you’re uncomfortable we can stop. Just give me a chance, okay. Please?
Phoebe: It does! How would you feel if you couldn’t share your cooking? Or-or imagine how Ross would feel if he couldn’t teach us about dragons.
Phoebe: Potato, potaato. 
Phoebe: (calling from her room) Are you under the sheet?
Phoebe: (in a soothing voice) Great, let’s begin. (She starts the massage.) How’s the pressure?
Phoebe: Stating the obvious, but thank you. And it’s not weird is it.
Phoebe: That’s right, you just enjoy.
Phoebe: (getting uncomfortable) Okay.
Phoebe: Hey.
Phoebe: No-no, I got that.
Phoebe: Okay. Okay but you should know though, I’ve raised my rates to $200 an hour.
Phoebe: I mean $500.
Phoebe: 600.
Phoebe: Oh, you make sex noises when you get massaged!
Phoebe: Yeah, and it really freaked me out! And after a while I even tried to hurt you and it just spurred you on.
Phoebe: Really? There’s nothing sexual about this? (Sexily) Oooh. Oo God! Ohh. Ohhhh. Ohh. (Some cute guy is watching closely.) (To him) What are you looking at?! (Pause) I mean hi.
Phoebe: No, you can’t let this stop you from getting massages! No look, I have, I have lots of clients that make the same noises you do!
Phoebe: Well not clients, lovers. But let’s just y’know, try it again. Come back and-and we’ll work through it.
Phoebe: Yes.
Phoebe: Great! Okay, if you’ll just excuse me. (To the guy) So, did you hear something you liked?
Phoebe: That’s it. Just relax.
Phoebe: Come on more!
Phoebe: Yeah, you like that don’t you?
Phoebe: You want it there? You take it there baby!
Phoebe: Yeah, say my name. Say it! (She stops when she realizes what she’s doing.) And now I’m going to cover you back up, and umm we’re never doing this again.
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe:
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: 
Phoebe: (entering) Oh hey you guys!
Phoebe: Hey listen let me ask you, do you believe in soul mates?
Phoebe: Uh-huh, (To Chandler) and you?
Phoebe: Okay, good.
Phoebe: Well last night, I met Monica’s.
Phoebe: Yeah, I had a date with this guy, and I swear to God, he is her other half.
Phoebe: Well he’s tall.
Phoebe: He has brown hair.
Phoebe: He works with food!
Phoebe: Obviously, and he’s British.
Phoebe: Yeah? And, he’s-he’s so centered and mature and confident.
Phoebe: Oh, I’m so sorry. Um, and maybe I’m wrong! I but—y’know I’m gonna go out with him again, I’ll find out more.
Phoebe: Well, he may not be my soul mate, but a girl’s gotta eat.
Phoebe: Oh! Hi!
Phoebe: Umm, Chandler, Monica, this is Don.
Phoebe: (mouths to Chandler) Soul mate.
Phoebe: (cough talks) Soul mate.
Phoebe: Nothing! I swear to God I didn’t know you guys would be here! And the good news is you didn’t believe in soul mates. So…
Phoebe: They’re just talking, and y’know what? Just because I think they’re soul mates doesn’t mean anything’s gonna happen.
Phoebe: Yeah?
Phoebe: Don’t worry, we’ll find you someone else.
Phoebe: I’m so sorry.
Phoebe: I don’t know, they both want to live in a house of cheese! I don’t know how you fight that.
Phoebe: Okay, so when you’re done with your tea I’ll look at your leaves and tell you your fortune.
Phoebe: Oh yeah, I’ve done it for years. I actually stopped because I was so accurate. Y’know, and-and y’know, one of the great joys of life is it’s-it’s wondrous unpredictability. Y’know? And also tea tends to give me the trots.
Phoebe: Okay. (Looks at the leaves.) Ooh, I see a ladder. (Checks the book) Which can mean either a promotion or a violent death.
Phoebe: Uh-hmm. Uh-hmm, who’s next?
Phoebe: Okay. (Reads the leaves) Umm, oh! Okay, I see a circle.
Phoebe: Oh! (Checking the book) Which can either mean you’re having a baby or you’re gonna make a scientific discovery!
Phoebe: Umm… Wow, all right. (Checks the book.) Wow! Yay! Ooh, I’m gonna meet a guy! And really soon! And he’s gonna be the man of my dreams. Probably not the guy I had a dream about last night. (Points at Chandler.)
Phoebe: (noticing a guy sitting by the green post looking at her) Oh wait a second you guys…for the last couple weeks I’ve been that guy everywhere I go. We take the same bus. We go to the same bookstore, the same dry cleaners; maybe he’s the tea guy. (He gets up to leave, and smiles at Phoebe.)
Phoebe: Oh hello.
Phoebe: Oh Jim, Jim Nelson I’m Phoebe, Phoebe Buffay. We certainly have been seeing a lot of each other lately. 
Phoebe: Well, maybe we will. (Starts to walk away.) Oh! (She turns around and the exchange information.)
Phoebe: Isn’t it funny how we kept running into each other? It’s as if someone really wants us to be together.
Phoebe: Oh, witty banter. Well done.
Phoebe: Oh okay, well I’m a masseuse, and I used to work at this place…
Phoebe: I-I-I like, I like parties.
Phoebe: Yeah I guess, a little.
Phoebe: (a little freaked out) So! Umm, anyway I-I lived in New York, someone wildly I guess, for umm—Well since I was fourteen.
Phoebe: Oh stop it.
Phoebe: Okay. Umm look, you’re coming on a little strong. But I’m going to give you the benefit of the doubt, because it seems the universe really wants to be together. So, why don’t we just start over okay? And you can just tell me about yourself.
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: What?!
Phoebe: Oh my God!
Phoebe: Wow! You do?
Phoebe: All right. (Gets up and walks out.)
Phoebe: Oh there it is.
Phoebe: I know, but that creep that I went on that date with goes to there so I have to find a new one. I also have to find a new video store, a new bank, a new adult bookstore, a new grocery store…
Phoebe: A new grocery store. The universe said I was going to meet a nice guy and that’s what they gave me? (Looks up) When I get up there I’m going to kick some ass.
Phoebe: Yeah, we both can. And we both will.
Phoebe: Oh, you didn’t have to come in with me.
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: Oh yeah well, I’m sorry about that too, but what are you going to do?
Phoebe: A little. (She turns around and looks up.) (To the universe) Now you’re talking.
Phoebe: I-I-I’d love to. Let me just tell my friend.
Phoebe: (looking around) She must’ve left.
Phoebe: Oh, Ross, Mon, is it okay if I bring someone to your parent’s anniversary party?
Phoebe: Well, his name is Parker and I met him at the drycleaners.
Phoebe: Yeah, he’s really great though. He has this incredible zest for life, and he treats me like a queen, except at night when he treats me like the naughty girl I am.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Everybody, this is Parker, Parker this is…
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: I’ll go with you
Phoebe: Were you guys making fun of Parker?
Phoebe: So, he a little enthusiastic, what’s wrong with that?
Phoebe: Well, so what I like him! Do I make fun of the people you’ve dated? Tag, Janice, Mona? No, because friends don’t do that. But, do you want my opinion? Do you want it? ‘Cause in my opinion, your collective dating record reads like the who’s who of human crap. (Walks off)
Phoebe: No, I’m fine. I’m great. I’m with you.
Phoebe: Hm huh, yeah.
Phoebe: No, that’s not necessary.
Phoebe: No, actually I don’t eat…
Phoebe: Okay, fine! Fine! (Takes the oyster and pretends to eat it while dropping it on the floor) Mmm…hmmmmm….
Phoebe: Why don’t you just try one?
Phoebe: Then you better do it now.
Phoebe: Because I’m going to kill him
Phoebe: You guys were right. He’s just too excited about…everything. I mean I’m all for living life, but this is the Geller’s 35th anniversary. Okay? Let’s call a spade a spade this party stinks.
Phoebe: Are you sure it wasn’t an oyster?
Phoebe: He’s just such a great guy I’m so excited about him.
Phoebe: You think?
Phoebe: You’re right. You’re right, he’s just embracing life. We could all stand to be a little more like Parker. You know what? I am like him! I’m a sunny, positive person. 
Phoebe: What’s that now?
Phoebe: Oh look it’s Parker! 
Phoebe: Oooh I love it!
Phoebe: Are you kidding? People acting like animals to music. Come on!
Phoebe: Can I get you something to drink? Like a water and Valium? 
Phoebe: Oh thank God. 
Phoebe: Yeah? I know! I know! Uh huh? Listen why don’t we just um, sit and relax? You know just be with each other. Quietly! 
Phoebe: Let’s try something else, let’s play a game.
Phoebe: Shocking! Let’s play the game of who can stay quiet the longest. (Giggles)
Phoebe: But, let’s play this one first. And remember whoever talks first loses! 
Phoebe: Oh my God! Oh my God! 
Phoebe: Wrong? Really? You know the word wrong. Everything isn’t perfect? Everything isn’t magical? Everything isn’t a glow with the light of a million fairies? They were just brake lights, Parker! 
Phoebe: You don’t have to put a good spin on everything.
Phoebe: No! I am a positive person. You are like Santa Clause on Prozac, at Disneyland, getting laid! 
Phoebe: Much less happy!
Phoebe: So long! Don’t let the best door in the world hit you in the ass on your way out! (He exits and she slams the door behind him.)
Phoebe: Uh huh. (Closes door)
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!
Phoebe: Oh. Finally! Oh. (Sits back in relief.)
Phoebe: I’m gonna get some coffee, anyone want anything?
Phoebe: (interrupting him) I was just being polite!
Phoebe:
Phoebe: Umm, I…I just think you don’t expect someone so hot to be so sweet.
Phoebe: Umm, Phoebe Buffay.
Phoebe: Oh okay, it’s P as in Phoebe, H as in hoebe, O as in oebe, E as in ebe, B as in bee-bee and E as in (In an Australian accent) ‘Ello there mate!
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe:
Phoebe: Oh, please!
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: About twenty, a couple people from work who had something else to do. 
Phoebe: Well I don’t, I don’t have a mother so often I forget that other people…
Phoebe: No. (Pause) Neither is mine.
Phoebe: I know. I know, what’s her number?
Phoebe: Isn’t it at three?
Phoebe: Oh, I told the stripper to be here at five. That’s good right?
Phoebe: What? He’s gonna be dressed as a baby! (Mrs. Green enters.) Oh hi Mrs. Green!
Phoebe: I’m so glad you could make it.
Phoebe: Yeah I know. Isn’t it great? One less person we have to make small talk with.
Phoebe: No look, we’ve apologized twice! I can’t do anymore than that. I know you hate it when people are mad at you but you just have to be okay with it.
Phoebe: For how long?
Phoebe: She can’t hear you.
Phoebe: Well, if you don’t want your mother to move in with you, just tell her.
Phoebe: I have new respect for Chandler. All right everybody! It’s time to open the presents!
Phoebe: How about you less important people, let’s open your presents!
Phoebe: Okay, come on Rach it’s present time! Y’know you’re the glue that’s holding this whole party together. It’s kinda falling apart here.
Phoebe: Okay, this is from your friend at work.
Phoebe: Hey! Why are you all red and sweaty?
Phoebe: Not if you were here.
Phoebe: No, not a thing.
Phoebe: Nothing! You have apologized to her like a million times and she’s been nothing but terrible to you. And don’t forget you just threw her daughter a lovely, albeit slightly boring, shower, and she hasn’t even thanked you for it.
Phoebe: Yeah I mean if you want to say anything to her, I’d tell her off.
Phoebe: Uh-huh!
Phoebe: (To Monica) Wrap it up, wrap it up, wrap it up…
Phoebe: You were fantastic! I’m so proud of you!
Phoebe: You should be!
Phoebe: You got it!
Phoebe: Well that’s no way to sell newspapers. Why don’t you try, "Extra! Extra! Read all about it!"
Phoebe: Hey! Oh, how did baby shopping go?
Phoebe: What?!
Phoebe: Well did she know you two weren’t married?
Phoebe: Oh my God! Well the idea of a woman flirting with a-with a single man, we-we must alert the church elders!
Phoebe: Sounds like you’re a little jealous.
Phoebe: Is that a real place? (Rachel’s stunned) Are they hiring?
Phoebe: Hey Chandler, why so fancy?
Phoebe: Wait, I think I know someone who does that.
Phoebe: Yeah, just don’t get your hopes up.
Phoebe: Well, the interview…
Phoebe: Y’know! You don’t make a very good first impression.
Phoebe: Oh you don’t know.
Phoebe: Yes, when I first met you, you were like, "Blah, blah, blah." I was like, shhh!
Phoebe: Well it’s just like you’re trying too hard. Always making jokes, y’know, you just—You come off a little needy.
Phoebe: Oh! It’s okay, you calm down after a while and then people can see how really sweet and wonderful you really are.
Phoebe: All right, don’t freak out! Okay? I-I will help you. How long before you have to leave?
Phoebe: I can’t help you.
Phoebe: All right, all right, we’ll just do our best. Okay? So let’s say I’m the interviewer and I’m meeting you for the first time. Okay. "Hi! Come on in, I’m uh, Regina Philange."
Phoebe: Bing, what an unusual name.
Phoebe: Um-hmm, that’s good to know. But let’s stop focusing on what you don’t do, and start focusing on what you do do.
Phoebe: I see. Nice sidestep on the do do thing by the way.
Phoebe: You gotta go!
Phoebe: Okay, don’t worry. You’re ready.
Phoebe: Absolutely! Just fight all your natural instincts and you’ll be great.
Phoebe: I started that!
Phoebe: Oh I know, I’ve been there. I remember toward the end…
Phoebe: Or you can do volunteer work.
Phoebe: Joey, you pick who ever you want. Okay? You just listen to your heart. What does it tell you? (Mimicking a heartbeat and tapping her chest.) Phoebe, Phoebe.
Phoebe: (still mimicking a heartbeat, only faster) Phoebe-Phoebe-Phoebe-Phoebe—Burrrrr! (Mimics the sound of a cardiac monitor going off.)
Phoebe: Mon, maybe one of these guys wants to wear your dress.
Phoebe: When she comes out, you hold her nose, I’ll blow in her mouth, and the kid will just (makes a popping sound) right out of her.
Phoebe: I don’t know. I-I think it’s still gonna be a while.
Phoebe: You’re on!
Phoebe: One hundred thousand dollars!
Phoebe: Fine! I’ll call Zurich and move some money around.
Phoebe: No one’s here! (Monica looks at her.) Oh damnit!
Phoebe: Oh hey Mon? Rach is here! Ohh, you’re still pregnant. Oh, I’m sorry. I know how uncomfortable you are. Y’know what? You look great. Yeah, like fifty bucks.
Phoebe: It’s interesting that you lost. Now, I forget, do you like to lose?
Phoebe: Fine! You’re on!
Phoebe: Until then, General Grant, why don’t you set up camp (She puts the bill in her bra) right there.
Phoebe: Good God man don’t anger it.
Phoebe: Oh I-I don’t know about that. No, I think that if the two of you had sex the-the-the repercussions would be catastrophic. 
Phoebe: Thank you!
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: Is Rachel having the baby?
Phoebe: They’re at the coffeehouse.
Phoebe: We know it’s a girl! (Exits.)
Phoebe: Oh you made it!
Phoebe: (looking at the clock) Oh wow, three hours and still no baby. Ugh, the miracle of birth sure is a snooze fest.
Phoebe: Sure! What?
Phoebe: Oh, this is fun.
Phoebe: Yeah. (Pause) Why aren’t you with Rachel?
Phoebe: But y’know what? It just seems that you two belong together.
Phoebe: Right. And with who again? (Ross exits.)
Phoebe: I know!
Phoebe: Oh, it ate your money?
Phoebe: All right, I’ll see you downstairs then.
Phoebe: All right.
Phoebe: Hi.
Phoebe: Oh down please. (The guy tries to reach the button, but can’t.) I-I hate to be a ball buster can I just do it? (She pushes the button.)
Phoebe: Sure! I feel so bad for you; I broke my leg once too.
Phoebe: Well, it’s a long story. It’s kind of embarrassing. Let’s just say there was a typographical error with a sex manual. (The guy laughs.) How about you?
Phoebe: Oh.
Phoebe: Uh-huh, yeah.
Phoebe: Oh yeah! I-I would like that.
Phoebe: Wait! What?! No!! Elevator!! No!
Phoebe: (to the nurse) Excuse me? Could you help me with something? The patient I’m looking for has a broken leg and is in a wheelchair. And umm, he’s like early to mid-thirties, very attractive.
Phoebe: Oh yay! Great! Okay, what room number is he in?
Phoebe: Hands.
Phoebe: Thank you. (Starts to exit.)
Phoebe: (coming back for Joey) No! (Grabs Joey and drags him away.)
Phoebe: Ooh, this is it! (Looks in the window.) Oh, that’s him! That’s him!
Phoebe: Wait a second, or maybe you can go in first.
Phoebe: No not you, Dr. Drake Remoray. You can ask him questions and see what’s he like. People tell doctors everything.
Phoebe: But lately all the guys I meet seem really nice at first, then they turn out to be the biggest jerks.
Phoebe: What else? What else?
Phoebe: Oh. Ah-uh.
Phoebe: Oh.
Phoebe: Enter Pheebs.
Phoebe: Okay I’ve got one for you, if you had too which one would you rather eat, a seeing eye dog or a talking gorilla?
Phoebe: Somebody went to college. Wow. (Cliff gets uncomfortable) What is it? I’m sorry. (She moves her arm, which was resting on the same pillow his leg is.)
Phoebe: Oh, I’ll get it. (She gets up and grabs a spoon.)
Phoebe: Relax, it’s not like we’re forking.
Phoebe: Y’know what? This one is. (Eats another spoonful of pudding as Cliff sees something on TV.)
Phoebe: Huh. Okay, Mr. Perkazet.
Phoebe: Cliff, do you really believe that a character from a TV show was here in your room?
Phoebe: Okay. Okay. I—Okay umm…this…I-I sent my friend Joey in here to find out stuff about you. Umm y’know, if it helps you came off great. A lot better than I’m coming off right now.
Phoebe: You’re right, that was wrong. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. It’s just that I liked you so much. Can we just, can we just start over?
Phoebe: Uh Joey, we’re trying to dial down the crazy.
Phoebe: Umm, look we don’t, we don’t really know each other so it would be really easy to just forget about this, but there seems to be something between us. And I don’t know about you but that doesn’t happen to me a lot.
Phoebe: Can we come in?
Phoebe: Hi!
Phoebe: Oh, she’s so beautiful.
Phoebe: Okay, my turn. My turn. (Joey hands her to Phoebe.) Oh! You’re so cute! Oh, I could squeeze your little head! (Pause) I won’t.
Phoebe: Ohhh. (Hands her back to Rachel.)
Phoebe: Oh, wait a minute it’s not gonna be Baby Girl? I thought that was so original! 
Phoebe: Yay!
Phoebe: Is she in there?
Phoebe: Oh!
Phoebe: I just can’t decide who she looks more alike, you or Rachel?
Phoebe: I’m sorry, for the last time, why aren’t you two together again? (Silence from Ross.) No, I know. I know, because you’re not in that place. Which would be fine, except you totally are.
Phoebe: Yeah that’s true. Yeah, you love her. You always have. You have a child together. There is no right answer.
Phoebe: I know. I know. I know. I know, and if you try to make it more you might wreck it.
Phoebe: Right. (Pause) Or you might get everything you’ve wanted since you were fifteen.
Phoebe: (To Monica) Oh and I need to talk to you.
Phoebe: To see if know what these guys are talking about.
Phoebe: (taking Ross aside) Have umm, have you thought anymore about you and Rachel?
Phoebe: Yay! It’s so exciting! Wow, you could’ve done that with us there.
Phoebe: Oh sure okay, you can touch yourself in front of us but you can’t talk to Rachel.
Phoebe: Oh please! Just before when you were asleep in the lounge! That Armenian family was watching you instead of the TV. Oh, that reminds me. That Mr. Hasmeje still has my Gameboy.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Are you all right?
Phoebe: Oh my God! He did it?
Phoebe: Are you kidding? I’m like the one who talked him into it. I like to think of myself as the puppet master of the group.
Phoebe: I just talked him into it, don’t tell me I have to do you too. The puppet master gets tired people.
Phoebe: Why?! You two are so meant to be together, everybody thinks so.
Phoebe: Especially Ross!
Phoebe: There he goes, your fiancée. 
Phoebe: Although he does play with himself in his sleep.
Phoebe: Oh hey! Wait up!
Phoebe: Congratulations! I didn’t want to say anything in front of Joey ‘cause I didn’t know if he knew yet.
Phoebe: No! No, that you and Rachel are engaged!
Phoebe: Oh, it’s a secret. Oh goodie! Yes! We haven’t done the secret thing in a long time.
Phoebe: Are you lying? Is this like that time you tried to convince us that you were a doctor?
Phoebe: All right, me too. (They go into her room and see that she’s sleeping.) Should we wake her up?
Phoebe: And so engaged. (Points to the ring that Rachel is wearing.)
Phoebe: Perhaps because you gave her an engagement ring? Y’know Ross doctors are supposed to be smart.
Phoebe: Really?
Phoebe: So whose ring is it?
Phoebe: Is it an engagement ring?
Phoebe: But you didn’t give it to her?
Phoebe: But you were going to propose?
Phoebe: Huh, I might be losing interest in this.
Phoebe: Oh, what beautiful lukewarm sentiment.
Phoebe: No! No, she said you actually proposed to her.
Phoebe: No they ran out of "It’s a girl" but I can fix this one, (She writes "not" in between it’s and a) See?
Phoebe: Look at all the stuff people sent!
Phoebe: She’s just so cute! I just wanna bite her ear off and use it and a sucking candy.
Phoebe: Wow you guys got a hospital?  Fancy!
Phoebe: I dunno, well he got over the "We were on a break" thing really quickly.
Phoebe: You know that’s… that’s her.
Phoebe: Oh no, Rach, no no, you know you’re never supposed to wake a sleeping baby.
Phoebe: I can say I told you so but she’s kinda doing that for me.
Phoebe: It really does… how long do you think we have to stay?
Phoebe: Well, alright, we already tried feeding her, changing her, burping her, oh try this one! Go back in time and listen to Phoebe!
Phoebe: Yeah, no kidding, this just proves no good can come from having sex with Ross!
Phoebe: Alright you guys, we can’t turn on each other, Okay?  That’s just what she wants.
Phoebe: Oh I’m kinda part of this.
Phoebe: I knew I should have married Chandler.
Phoebe: Well alright, looks like you guys have got it under control so I’m just gonna go. (She gets up and Rachel looks at her, upset, and Monica just stares.) No! Really? Misery really does love company. All right! (She sits back down.)
Phoebe: Alright, I’ll try, fine! Yes, Okay!
Phoebe: Shh! Nothing works with this child! (Hands her back.)
Phoebe: I have to go scream into a pillow. (Goes to scream into a pillow)
Phoebe: (entering) Have I gone deaf?
Phoebe: You must be a fireball in bed.
Phoebe: I can hear traffic and birds!  I can hear the voices in my head again! (Monica looks at her strangely) I’m kidding. (She smiles wickedly.)
Phoebe: Thankfully you don’t need me at all (gets up and to leave) so Okay Super aunt see you later! Rachel let’s give it six to eight months (she leaves).
Phoebe: What?!
Phoebe: I call their apartment!!!
Phoebe: It's so weird seeing Ross and Rachel with a baby.   It's just so grown up.
Phoebe: Look at you all grown up.
Phoebe: You know, I might know somebody. Hey, how about you   set me up with someone, and we double date!
Phoebe: Done. Oh good, really?
Phoebe: Let's see! (Opens her address book.) Oh, you know   who's great? Sandy Poophack. 
Phoebe: Yeah... All right, well that rules out Lana Titweiller
Phoebe: (Enters) Hey!
Phoebe: So how is this for our big double date tonight? (She   is all dressed up)
Phoebe: Ooh, great! Just the reaction I was hoping for. 
Phoebe: Of course not! And you're gonna love Mary Ellen.   She's really smart and cute and funny, and I can't tell you how I know this,   but she' not opposed to threesomes. So tell me some about my guy. 
Phoebe: Come on, give me something. What's his name?
Phoebe: Mike? Okay! What's his last name?
Phoebe: All right, we'll se you and Mike at the restaurant   in a couple hours.
Joey and Phoebe: (Ad-lib good-byes) (Phoebe leaves)
Phoebe: Joey, this is Mary Ellen Jenkins. So, Mike, how do   you and Joey know each other anyway?
Phoebe: Wow, you guys go way back then. So what are you up   to these days?
Phoebe: Wow, that's great! I liked that better than the law   thing, so...
Phoebe: You know, it's so surprising that you and Joey have   known each other for so long and I've never heard about you.
Phoebe: What?!
Phoebe: Do you not know each other?
Phoebe: Mike, let me ask you something. How many sisters   does Joey have?
Phoebe: Joey, why did you set me up with a stranger?
Phoebe: (To Joey) You are unbelievable! I spent so much time   finding the perfect girl for you, you know. Mary Ellen is really smart and   cute and loose.
Phoebe: Who are you kidding? (To Joey) You just find some   guy off the street for me? Oh God! This is humiliating!
Phoebe: I'm out of here (She leaves)
Phoebe: Sure.
Phoebe: Why did you go along with that?
Phoebe: That's true. (Pause) Well, is anything you told me   about yourself true?
Phoebe: Prove it.
Phoebe: That wouldn't stand in the way of a true pianist.
Phoebe: You are really good! I play a little guitar myself.
Phoebe: Uhuh.
Phoebe: Well, like acoustic folksy stuff. You know? But right   now I'm working on a couple 'Iron Maiden' covers. 
Phoebe: It's okay. Go ahead, ask me out.
Phoebe: (To Mike) Oh, you just caught me off guard! Yeah,   that would be nice.
Phoebe: Bye Chandler.
Phoebe: Okay, bye-bye! (Pushes Chandler out the door.) Good   trip! (Slams the door)
Phoebe: Oh hey Ross oh I'm so glad someone's here could   you zip me up?
Phoebe: Thank you. Can you believe no-one between my apartment   and here offered to do that for me?
Phoebe: oh umm Mike's picking me up for a date.
Phoebe: oh I dunno I dunno, you know I mean I like him but   am I ready to take my grade a loins off the meat market.
Phoebe: yea you know you are a bit of a drama queen.
Phoebe: I wouldn't say never, you know there's that guy   (pause) well what about (pause) ok well there's gotta be someone.
Phoebe: Oh my god you're right.
Phoebe: I can't believe I never realized this before, I'm   in my thirty's and never been in a long-term relationship oh my god (starts   crying) what's wrong with me.
Phoebe: I wanna get married (grabs a tissue)
Phoebe: least you've been married, OH MY GOD! I wanna trade   lives with Ross (cries more)
Phoebe: nothing, I'm excited about our date, Mike this is   Ross Geller this is Mike Haaaaa (starts crying)
Phoebe: uh huh (terns to Ross) how do I look (all her make   up has gone everywhere)
Phoebe: (goes to cry) No
Phoebe: well it was awful every time I thought about what   you said I started crying.
Phoebe: would you call this girl? (Puts on a crying act)   thanks-fo-r-a-love-ly-even-ing
Phoebe: well you not what you should feel terrible about,   this could have been my serious guy he was sweet and smart and funny. Do you   know how hard it is to meet a guy like that?
Phoebe: It's open.
Phoebe: HEY! Mike called were going out again! YAY! YAY!   (She dances around with happiness)
Phoebe: What? Wha-wha-wha-did you do ROSS!
Phoebe: WHAT!
Phoebe: WHAT! WHY?
Phoebe: (Walks towards Ross) If you hadn't just had a baby   with my best friend I swear to Lucifer a raber dog would be feasting on your   danglers RIGHT NOW!
Phoebe: I'm not going along with some lie you made Ross,   No I'm just gonna be honest with him.
Phoebe: yeah I've nothing to be ashamed of ok so I haven't   been in a relationship that lasted longer then a month. Ok I haven't had a   real boyfriend you know if he can't handle that he can leave. which he will   and that's ok. so I'll just be alone forever you know alright I'll be. it'll   be fine. it'll be fine. I'll go walking tours with widows and lesbians. Oh   (takes a deep breath and sits down, knock on the door)
Phoebe: ok
Phoebe: Uh huh yeah (stands up) there's just something umm,   there's something you should know (Pause) Vicrum just called.
Phoebe: .and I said Vicrum you can't just call every time   you get lonely you know, you, you gave up that right when you slept with Rachel.
Phoebe: yeah well (pause) yeah you know Emma's birth certificate   might say Geller but her eyes say Mookurgee.
Phoebe: I know but he call's and my heart goes to him. You   know that bastard is one smooth talking free lance kite designer.
Phoebe: Oh.
Phoebe: ok I can't do this.
Phoebe: well there is no Vicrum, Ross made him up because   I never really have been in a long-term relationship, I've never lived with   a guy, and I've never even celebrated an anniversary so. (Pause) if that's   too weird for you and you wanna leave I totally understand. In fact I'll close   my eye's make it less awkward (She sits with her eyes closed and Mike kisses   her, Phoebe opens her eyes and like a little child says.) You kissed me.
Phoebe: so you don't think I'm a total freak
Phoebe: I guess so, can I. can I think it's cool that you   kiss me and also wanna kiss you again (they get closer to kiss and Phoebe pulls   back) and umm, be a little concerned about the magic markers.
 Phoebe: you know maybe this is a wake up call, about your     whole dating attitude. Your in your thirty's and you've never had a serious     relationship and you have never been in a long term relationship, here you     go from woman to woman, meaningless experience to meaningless experience     never even worrying that it doesn't tern into anything serious.
Phoebe: Oh hey you guys, I couldnt get a reservation for the night of  my birthday, so we have to do dinner Thursday night instead.
Phoebe: So?
Phoebe: No! Its my first birthday with a boyfriend, and he has to  work. Uch, I get mad at him, but I think its a little to soon to show my true  colors.
Phoebe: Oh, Rachel!
Phoebe: Oh, yay!
Phoebe: Alright, okay, so we can all go now. That is fun. Hey, you  know what? We all havent been together the six of us in such a long time.
Phoebe: (from outside) Trick or treat! (Its obviously Halloween eve,  the night of her birthday dinner.)
Phoebe: Ooh, and treat it is. (Monicas breasts.)
Phoebe: Wow, so glad I changed. Almost wore my ??? outfit that cant  contain my breasts.
Phoebe: Ohh. Oh wait! (Jis) you guys wont be late for my dinner, will  you?
Phoebe: kay, see you there. Happy humping! (outside meeting  Chandler.) Heyhey! Oh, wow, somebody smoked out here? Oh my god, dont people  know, youre not allowed to smoke in public spaces?
Phoebe: You smoked!
Phoebe: (smells at him) Chandler, you stink of cigarettes.
Phoebe: Are you kidding? The woman has the nose of a bloodhound  and  the breasts of a Greek goddess.
Phoebe: (embarrassed) Im gonna go. (leaves to stairs)
Phoebe: Where is everyone? Theyre forty minutes late.
Phoebe: Im starving. I know we were coming here tonight, I ate  nothing all day.
Phoebe: Yes, they are expected presently. Yeah, yeah um, their arrival  is in the offing.
Phoebe: Joseph! (to waiter) Thou neednt worry, they shant be  long.
Phoebe: One really does have a stick up ones ass. Doesnt one?
Phoebe: No, you cant go. No-no-no, I cant hold this table on my own.  If they ask me to move, I cave.
Phoebe: Okay, fine, Ill move. Alright, you dont have to manhandle  me. (gets up) Where? (he points at a smaller table) Okay. Thank you. Wach.
Phoebe: Well, I guess theyre not coming. You wanna just order?
Phoebe: Tomato tart and which of the pastas would you recommend?
Phoebe: Both it is, thank you.
Phoebe: You guys are over an hour late. What happened to you two?
Phoebe: And thats Judy over there at the bar with Emma?
Phoebe: Wher-where have you been?
Phoebe: You guys, weve been waiting for you for a long time, maybe  you should order.
Phoebe: Aw  what?
Phoebe: s a good toast.
Phoebe: (getting up) Oh, for gods sake, Judy, pick up the sock! Pick  up the sock! Pick up the sock! (everybody scared) Im sorry, was that rude?  Di-did my, my li-little outburst blunt (?) the hideousness (?) that is this  evening? Look, I know, you all have a lot going on, but all I wanted to do was  have dinner with my friends on my birthday. And you are all so late and you  didnt even have the courtesy to call. (her cellular rings) Well, its too late  now.
Phoebe: well, this is, this is, this is not over! (on phone)  Hello?
Phoebe: (returns) Okay, that was Mike.
Phoebe: Mhuh, guys, that means the world to me. Huh, nkay, Im gonna  take off.
Phoebe: Oh, I love you guys too, but Mike got off work early. Wait.  Wait, Im not tnot that kind of girl that just ditches her friends to be with  her boyfriend. You know what? I am. Bye guys! (waves to the bar) Judy! Bye.
Phoebe: Hey, everybody. Happy Thanksgiving!
Phoebe: Hey, what's going on Joe? 
Phoebe: Oh okay. How about the whole "man walking on   the moon" thing. You know? You. you could. You could see the strings people! 
Phoebe: Ooh, honey. You stink at lying. 
Phoebe: Oh really. Okay. let me ask you something. Yesterday   at the coffee house, I went to the bathroom and when I came back, my muffin   was gone-who took it?
Phoebe: Don't worry, don't worry. We'll come up with a good   lie. I'll help you practice it.
Phoebe: Sure, what.. what was the work thing? 
Phoebe: "Pick up grandma at the airport"?
Phoebe: Oh right, ok um. Ok so its not just the lie you tell.   but its the way you tell it. . For example if you look down at the ground when   you're talking, people know you're lying. 
Phoebe: Thats a great movie. &lt;she claps&gt;
Amy turns around to Phoebe: Emma, Ross wants you. 
Phoebe: PHOE-BE.
Phoebe: There's your movie! &lt;claps&gt; 
Phoebe: It's ok. I thought of the perfect lie for you. It's   easy to remember and doesn't invite a lot of questions. You weren't at the   parade because you had a family emergency. 
Phoebe: Ooh, what happened? 
Phoebe: No! Nothing with a raccoon. 
Phoebe: Yeah we thought it would be nice to use the fancy   china for dessert too. 
Phoebe: Oh my god! Shouldn't we stop this?
Phoebe: It's all right. You can mourn. 
Phoebe: Hey, does Monica know about her broken plates yet?
Phoebe: Broke them all, huh?
Phoebe: You gonna tell her?
Phoebe: No problem! Next week: stealing... (Chandler walks   away to store the box of broken china.)
Phoebe: ...sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle;and away they all flew like the down of a thistle; but I heard him exclaim, ere he drove out of sight, "Merry Christmas to all, and to all a goodnight!"
Phoebe: (smiling) Uh-huh.
Phoebe: Oh, I like my job.
Phoebe: So here is a, a very special holiday song that I wrote for some very important people to me. (singing:)
Phoebe: Yeah, Chandler why don't you take a walk? This doesn't concern you.
Phoebe: No-no, we do it every year!
Phoebe: No, yeah, we never find them! She's always best at us, that wily... minx.
Phoebe: Oh no, we have to!
Phoebe: Well then, you should look with us.
Phoebe: Oh, that's it? (Mimics Chandler) A great idea! Oh yeah.
Phoebe: Ooh ooh, we have a live one!
Phoebe: Ooh, who's it for?
Phoebe: Ahh, toilet seat covers! Is that what you were doing while I was getting gas?
Phoebe: You guuuyys.
Phoebe: (simultaneous to the others) Ble-blah-blar Blargh!
Phoebe: (simultaneous to the others) Blah blargah, blar-blab.
Phoebe: (at the window) Hey look, you guys, it's snowing!
Phoebe: Aren't we done with that?
Phoebe: Chandler, your being here is the best Christmas present I could have ever imagined.
Phoebe: Now give me my real gift.
Phoebe: (to Chandler) Thank you.
Phoebe: Hey Mike, what's the capital of Peru?
Phoebe: No. It starts with a "v" and ends with an "x". Helpfully    with a "to" in the middle.
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: (relived) Oh, whew, no, that's Bob.
Phoebe: Well not so much a pet as, you know, an occasional visitor who    I put food out for, you know. Kinda like Santa. Except Santa doesn't poop on    the plate of cookies.
Phoebe: What are those?
Phoebe: OK, fine, if it means that much to you I'll get rid of Bob.
Phoebe: So weird, you think he's so gross and you're willing to eat his crackers.    (Mike throws out everything in his mouth)
Phoebe: Hey Mikey
Phoebe: What are you doing?
Phoebe: To kill Bob??
Phoebe: No, Mike, I don't want to kill him! I thought we were just gonna    capture him and, and you know, set him free in the country side where he can    maybe meet a friendly possom and a wisecracking owl.
Phoebe: I'll find Bob, I'll get him. Bob? (starts looking) Bob! Robert! (looks at    cabinet under sink) Oh wait, I think I hear him. Oh - Oh my god! Bob had babies!    Bob's a mom!
Phoebe: I don't know, I kinda like Bob for a girl.
Phoebe: Oh my god, we killed Bob!
Phoebe: Suzie? (Runs over there to check)
Phoebe: Be careful, be careful! These are my rat babies!
Phoebe: I had to bring them! We killed their mother, they're our responsibility    now. You know, they require constant care. You should know that, Rachel, you're    a mother.
Phoebe: No! Seven rats! I think we should take them home, we need feed    them.
Phoebe: Well I'm sorry Rachel, but I'm not like you, ok? Not everyone    can afford help. (she and Mike leave)
Phoebe: Ok, ok, you start preparing the formula and I start changing    the box and then we gotta put them straight to bed.
Phoebe: Well, you know what, they're our responsibility now.
Phoebe: Mate? They're all brothers and sisters.
Phoebe: No. (opens the box) wh - get off your sister! Oh my god, what    are we gonna do? We have 7 rats. So what if each of them has 7 rats? And then    each of those have 7 rats? That's like ... (starts counting with her fingers)    That's math I can't even do! What are we gonna do?
Phoebe: Yeah, ok. I guess you're right. Allright, so we should just give them away.    But to nice families, with children, and reduced fat wheat thins. They're Bob's    favorites. 
Phoebe: You must think I'm crazy.
Phoebe: Good. It's just so hard, it's hard for me to ... let them go.    I guess it just brings back memories, you know, from ... when I gave birth to    my brother's triplets and I had to give them up. (Mike is shocked) I haven't    told you about that yet, have I?
Phoebe: (walks in) Hey
Phoebe: Listen, I think I've left something here.
Phoebe: (likes the jacket) No, but I like it. I think I left one of    my rat babies.
Phoebe: (realizes) Ooh, maybe that's him!
Phoebe: Hey.
Phoebe: What you got?
Phoebe: Goodie! Thanks. So, how is it living with Rachel again? I mean, apart       from the great food.
Phoebe: Oh my god, Rachel asked me if I knew anyone for her too.
Phoebe: I don't know. They're so perfect for each other; it's crazy.
Phoebe: I just wish they'd realise they should be together.
Phoebe: I know. They should be a family. They should get married and have       more children.
Phoebe: You know what? Maybe once they start dating, and they see what's       out there, they'll realise how good they are for each other.
Phoebe: So, what are we gonna do? Are we just gonna go ahead and set them       up with people?
Phoebe: Yeah. (BEAT) Oh, I know what we can do. We could set Ross and Rachel       up on horrible dates, so that they'll realise how good they are together.
Phoebe: Yeah, you know what the best part of it is? I get to do my "plan-laugh." (A       maniacal laugh follows.)
Phoebe: Ooh, Joey. 
Phoebe: Hey. I'm so excited; I just set up Rachel with the worst guy tonight. 
Phoebe: Well, it's this guy I used to massage. And by massage, I mean hold       down so he wouldn't turn over and flash me.
Phoebe: Oh, yeah.
Phoebe: A teacher?
Phoebe: Well, Ross does. What... You're - you're ruining the plan! Joey,       you've - you've fixed him up with his perfect woman! 
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: How do you even know a woman like that?
Phoebe: Joey.
Phoebe: So now what do we do?
Phoebe: What if we don't find him somebody else? We'll just tell her the       date's off, but we don't tell Ross, and he goes to the restaurant and gets       stood up!
Phoebe: Ooh, so this is great! Rachel's gonna have a terrible date, Ross       gets stood up, and then they'll realise how good they have it together.
Phoebe: It's not Santa's plan. No, it's... (Laughs the real "plan-laugh.")
Phoebe: No, I think we killed it.
Phoebe: Hello?
Phoebe: Hey, Rach!
Phoebe: You know, you are talking about one of my dear, dear friends. 
Phoebe: Oh, right, so he gets a little crazy when he's stoned.
Phoebe: Did he go out for a cigarette? 
Phoebe: My dear, sweet Rach.
Phoebe: By the time anyone's figured out what we've done, we'll be in sunny       Mexico. (BEAT) Oh, wait, that's the end of a different plan.
Phoebe: Now, wait a minute. So, they're gonna name their first child Joey?
Phoebe: How - how do I get them to name the next one after me?
Phoebe: Oh, so they owe me like, three Phoebes.
Phoebe: Oh my god! Look, it's Ross and Rachel. Oh, the plan is working.
Phoebe: Don't, don't do the plan-laugh.
Phoebe: Oh, yeah, they're falling in love all over again.
Phoebe: Oh, they see us! Oh, they, they look mad. Oh, they figured it out.       They're coming this way. Run!
Phoebe: Mexico!
Phoebe: Why??
Phoebe: Oh...you don't have to go, I have something that will fit you.
Phoebe: I want you to stay.
Phoebe: Why don't you turn them inside ou...
Phoebe: I'll miss you.
Phoebe: Great! Ok...I'll go get the tube top.
Phoebe: Wow, Mike Hannigan...You sure know how to make a girl say "Hell   yeah!"
Phoebe: Yeah! Let's do it! Let's live together! (They embrace and Mike kisses   Phoebe) Oh god, we're really going to move in together!
Phoebe: I've always wanted to live with a guy. "Pick up your socks!" "Put   down the toilet seat!" "No! We're not having sex anymore!" It's   gonna be fun!
Phoebe: Hey you guys! Ok, we've got great news.
Phoebe: I know it's so exciting! You know I've never lived with a guy before.
Phoebe: Okay, well you put down the toilet seat.
Phoebe: Uh huh...we're playing you two.
Phoebe: Monica slow down! Ok? I'm just excited to be living with him. You   know I mean, I don't know, Can I see someday being married to Mike? Sure! Yeah.   Y'know..I can picture myself walking down the aisle in a wedding dress that   highlights my breasts in an obvious yet classy way. But do I want that house   in Connecticut...you know..near the good schools where Mike and I can send   Sophie and Mike Junior.. Oh my god I do.
Phoebe: I know! I guess I am! Oh my god! Load up the Volvo I want to be a   soccer mom!
Phoebe: Yeah! You bet roomy!
Phoebe: Oh please, these guys, we haven't even moved in yet and they have   us picking out china patterns. (Mike seems to gag a little...and laughs nervously.   They begin to leave. Phoebe bolts back)
Phoebe: China patterns!!!!!
Phoebe: Oh! Alright. Well I think the reason people laugh is becuase it's   a play on the word roomy.
Phoebe: Oh no! No no! Not at all. We're just moving in right now. See where   it goes.
Phoebe: What do you mean?
Phoebe: Oh. Wow.
Phoebe: Was it really that bad?
Phoebe: Ok, well that's bad. But don't you think it might be different with   someone else? Perhaps a blonde who always uses a toilet. Except for once in   the ocean.
Phoebe: But it's just...
Phoebe: Oh!
Phoebe: No! I definitely don't wanna get married. No I just wanted to make   sure you didn't want to too. Whew! Coz you know when we move in and you start   changing your mind there's gonna be hell to pay mister!
Phoebe: Yeah I get that.
Phoebe: Hi
Phoebe: Listen, I wanted to ask you something about marriage.
Phoebe: No...I really wanted to know how you feel about it.
Phoebe: Mike doesn't ever wanna get married.
Phoebe: Never.
Phoebe: I want to, but I just want you to tell me that marriage isn't really   that big a deal. You know that I won't, I won't be missing out on anything.   That marriage stinks!
Phoebe: That's not how you really feel is it?
Phoebe: Seriously? You divorce-o?
Phoebe: It's ok that's how you feel.
Phoebe: I do love Mike.
Phoebe: Yeah I guess you're right. Yeah thanks. This helped. Thanks.
Phoebe: It's not cooler.
Phoebe: Better.
Phoebe: Oh yeah you were helpful! Yeah, no, thanks you.
Phoebe: What do you mean?
Phoebe: They are awfully boxy...
Phoebe: Uh huh.
Phoebe: Just one last time erm... the marriage thing... there's no wiggle   room? None at all?
Phoebe: Right. Except that I do want to get married.
Phoebe: Someday.
Phoebe: I haven't exactly had a normal life and I never really felt I was   missing out on anything but it just feels that now it's my turn some of the   regular stuff.
Phoebe: Because I just didn't know how much I wanted it. And I love you, and   I wanted to live with you.
Phoebe: But I don't think I can! it was ok to move in when I didn't know what   was gonna happen, but I can't move in knowing that nothing is ever gonna happen.
Phoebe: Are you gonna change yours?
Phoebe: Me neither. I think I need to be with someone who wants what I want.
Phoebe: I don't want it to end either.
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: Hi.
Phoebe: Breaking up sucks! Oh, I really miss Mike!
Phoebe: Oh God, I tried everything to make myself feel better. I even tried writing a song about it... but... I can't think of anything that rhymes with AARRGGHH!! (pause) Hey Monica, I really need your help getting through this... 
Phoebe: Well no, when I get to the point where... you know... I'm ready to hear cruel mocking jokes about Mike... I'm gonna come to you.
Phoebe: Ok. I mean I know I did the right thing. You know, Mike never wants to get married and I shouldn't be in a relationship that has no future... but... pretty soon I'm gonna miss him so much. I'm gonna wanna see him again and you have to stop me from doing that.
Phoebe: (after a pause) Unless... Maybe it's too crazy about this... Alright so... you know, there is no future... but that doesn't mean we still can't have fun. You know what? Forget what I said.
Phoebe: That was a test and you just failed.
Phoebe: God, I wish Mike were here.
Phoebe: I gotta call him. Just to talk to him, there's no harm in that.
Phoebe: Here.
Phoebe: Okay (she takes a huge, clearly obsolete cellphone she keeps in a closet and gives it to Monica)
Phoebe: Yes.
Phoebe: Yes, it reminds me of a simpler time.
Phoebe: You can't have it.
Phoebe: No (tucks it in her pants)
Phoebe: (disbelievingly) Oh yeah.
Phoebe: Damn you Monica Geller hyphen Bing!
Phoebe: You know, it's a lot less surprising to do that after I've buzzed you into the building.
Phoebe: Those are my shoes.
Phoebe: Monica, I really appreciate you checking in on me, but I'm actually feeling a lot better. Yeah, I just kinda want to be alone right now.
Phoebe: I ordered Chinese food.
Phoebe: What are the chances? 1 billion Chinese people and they send Mike!?
Phoebe: I'm sorry, I broke down...  I wanted to see him.
Phoebe: There is a speakerphone on the base unit... 
Phoebe: Not if nothing happens. Why can't... why can't we just hang out as friends?
Phoebe: Sit down.
Phoebe: Thanks, you look good too.
Phoebe: So how's the piano playing going?
Phoebe: I've missed you too.
Phoebe: I know, I want that too, but IS that going to make it too hard?
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: Oh, I missed you so much! (she kisses Mike)
Phoebe: Who is this?
Phoebe: Hey will you get me tickets too?
Phoebe: You don't wanna win the lottery?
Phoebe: (excited)Hey you guys! Ok, you're not going to believe this! I just saw my psychic and she said I was definitely gonna win the lottery tonight!
Phoebe: Oh can I? Vegetarians never get to do the wishbone. It's really not fair either! You know, just because we don't eat the meat doesn't mean we don't like to play with the carcasses!
Phoebe: I hope I win!
Phoebe: One, two, three!
Phoebe: Get a room!
Phoebe: Oooh, I like that, "daddy" (in a sexy tone)
Phoebe: (still in sexy tone) Oooh, is daddy getting angry? Is daddy gonna spank me?
Phoebe: Ok, well, are all the tickets in the bowl?
Phoebe: Uh! The psychic also said that I would be betrayed.
Phoebe: Oh, you guys! We've got to keep all the tickets together (takes the bowl from Ross and puts it on the table)
Phoebe: (she takes the bowl from Rachel's hands and she starts running around the room and yelling) OOOOOHHHHH!
Phoebe: (keeping on running and yelling) OOOOOHHHHH! (she stops) Fine, I can't take it anymore! I'm putting an end to this! (she goes out to the balcony)
Phoebe: If we are not doing it together, we're not doing it at all! So, say goodbye to your tickets! (She holds out the bowl, and makes as to drop the tickets on the street).
Phoebe: Don't come any closer!
Phoebe: No, what's more important, your friends or money?
Phoebe: Hey Monica, what about your extra tickets?
Phoebe: Ok, good! (pause) You guys were so scared! There was no way I was gonna dump this...(a pigeon swoops down, scaring Phoebe who drops the bowl on the street) Oh God, no! (pause) I think I broke your bowl.
Phoebe: What a beautiful night to be running around the street, looking for tickets. And the wind sure made it fun.
Phoebe: So, what? Monica, we have the winning ticket! My psychic said I  was gonna win, remember?
Phoebe: As a matter of fact she said that's how I am going to die. (pause ) So, excuse me for being a little skittish.
Phoebe: Well, I bet that was very hard for him to do.
Phoebe: Guys, the drawing is about to start!
Phoebe: I'm still looking through mine...
Phoebe: You guys, what was the Powerball number again?
Phoebe: We won.
Phoebe: We won!
Phoebe: Don't tear it.
Phoebe: I know that, but look, we've got the Powerball number, we've won 3 dollars!
Phoebe: (still very excited) I don't care, I've never won anything before, I can't believe this!
Phoebe: It's not all mine. We all get 50 cents.
Phoebe: I beg to differ (shows him her cup of coffee and her plate of cookies).
Phoebe: (hides her mouth behind the cup and speaks in the "pigeon voice" from before) Coo, again. Don't blame the pretty lady. It was not her fault. It was me, the pigeon, coo! (pause) Seriously, stop staring at her.
(Rachel comes out of her room and starts staring at him unseen)Joey: I want you.I need you.Let me make love to you. Rachel: I don't wanna stand in the way of true love or anything, but I think a  cantaloupe might hurt less. Joey: Oh, ehm...I'm...I'm rehearsing my lines.They gave me a big romantic story on Days Of Our Lives. It's the first time my character's got one. I'm so nervous, you know, I really want it to be good! Rachel: Woow!I haven't seen you this worked up since you did that dog food commercial and you thought you were gonna be with a real talking dog! Joey: Yeah, that was a disappointment...(pause) Oh, hey!D'you want to come down to the set and tell me if I'm doing ok? Rachel: (excited) Are you serious? Joey: Yeah!Hey, you just have to promise not to get yourself thrown out again. Rachel: Hey, that was an honest mistake! Joey: Right!(he starts to ape her)"Oh my God, is this the men's room? Oh, I feel so foolish, have you always known you wanted to be an actor?" (he inclines his head as if to look at a man's private parts) Rachel: Yeah, that was an awesome day! Opening credits [Scene: Central Perk] Monica: Hey! Phoebe: Hey! Ross: Hi! Monica: So, do you guys wanna come and eat dinner at the restaurant sometime in the next few weeks? Phoebe: Sure! Ross: I'd love to! Monica: Well you can't! We're booked solid for the next month! Phoebe: Well, I can't give you a massage, because my licence has been revoked again! Ross: Phoebe, what happened? Phoebe: Well, it was an accident...You know, it's a lot of oil and sometimes the hand just slips! (Chandler enters)Chandler: (To Monica) Have I got a surprise for you? Pack your bags! Phoebe: Oh no!You guys aren't supposed to get divorced for 7 years! Chandler: What? No, I'm taking Monica to a romantic inn in Vermont (shows them a brochure)! Phoebe: Oh, good!Ok, good for you!Try to recapture the magic! Chandler: So, what do you say? Can you get out of work? Monica: Oh, honey!I can't. I was just telling these guys that things are crazy at the restaurant! Chandler: Are you really that busy? Monica: Yeah, I'm sorry. I really am. Chandler: Oh, that's ok.I'll just try and reschedule. (on the phone) "Hi, this is Chandler Bing. I made a reservation there and I need to change it (pause) Oh, what do you mean it's not refundable? Can I just come some other time? (pause) Oh, can't you make an exception?" Monica: Tell them I'm a chef in a big New York restaurant! Phoebe: And tell them that in 2 weeks I will once again be a masseuse in good standing! Chandler: (on the phone) "Look, this is ridiculous! I'm not paying for that room! Ok?" (pause) "Oh, thank you very much!" (hangs up) Yeah, I'm going to Vermont... Ross: Oh, don't worry about it! Just use your travel insurance. Chandler: I don't have travel insurance. Ross: Well, this is what happens when people live on the edge! Monica: Why don't you take Ross? Ross: Uh, don't you think that would be a little weird? I mean, two guys in a romantic inn... Monica: No, not if their room has two beds! Ross: (browsing the brochure) I guess...It still seems a little...(enthusiastically) moonlight boat ride!! [Scene: Days of Our Lives' Studios] Rachel: Hey Joey, is this the bed where Olivia lost her virginity? Joey: I don't know, but one of the extras sure did! (pause) Hey, listen Rach. Thanks again for coming down to watch my scenes! Rachel: Oh, please!Honey, just the fact that you want me here to support you, I'm...OH MY GOD!Is that Christian Sanders?He's so gorgeous! Joey: Also so gay! Rachel: Oh, in my head he's done some pretty "not-gay-stuff"! Joey: Well, at the Christmas party him and Santa did some definitely gay stuff! Director: Joey, Joey! We're ready for you! Joey: Oh, wish me luck! Rachel: Ok, not that you need it but good...GOD!Is that Chase Lassiter?He's straight, right? Joey: Rach, I gotta say...if you weren't here wondering if these guys were gay I don't know if I could do this! Rachel: Oh, I'm sorry, you're right.I'm sorry, good luck! (they hug) Director: On a bell please! Quietly.. and ACTION! (the scene starts.Joey enters and there's a girl wearing a wedding dress near a bed)Actress/Olivia: Drake! What are you doing in here? Joey/Drake: Stopping you from marrying the wrong man and making the biggest mistake of your life. Actress/Olivia: Get out! Joey/Drake: You don't love him! Actress/Olivia: What do you know about love? Joey/Drake: I know what I felt that night when we kissed under the bridge. Actress/Olivia: That kiss never happened. Joey/Drake: Oh, what about this one. (the actress slaps him)Rachel: (watching a television where the scene is shown, startled) OH! Actress/Olivia: No, I told you...get out! Joey/Drake: Fine. I'll go. But let me ask you one question... Chase Lassiter: (talking to Rachel) You look familiar, have we... Rachel: SSSHHHHTTT!!He's asking her a question!! Joey/Drake: Can you really live the rest of your life never knowing what we could have been? Actress/Olivia: I don't have a choice... Joey/Drake: Yes, you do.Yes...you do. I'm the one who doesn't have a choice because I...because I can't stop loving you. Actress/Olivia: Don't say that... Joey/Drake: Tell me to stop, just...tell me to stop. (he's about to kiss her) Director: CUT! Rachel: NO! (pause) Or, cut!You know, that's your call! [Scene: Monica's restaurant] 1st Customer: Everything was delicious! Monica: Thank you! 2nd Customer: It was. The duck in particular was superb. Monica: Thank you!(she looks at the 3rd customer waiting for a compliment) You haven't said anything... 3rd Customer: Actually I do have one small complaint. Monica: Oh..please!I-I welcome criticism. 3rd Customer: The musician right outside the restaurant...it's kind of a mood-killer! Monica: What musician? [Scene: Outside the restaurant] Phoebe: (playing guitar and singing) And there's a country called Argentinaaaa, it's a place I've never seeeeen. But I'm told for fifty pesos you can buy a human spleen. Humaaan spleeeeen. Olè! Monica: What are you doing here! Phoebe: Well, you said that you had customers lined up in the street, so I am here to entertain! Monica: Great! Phoebe: Yeah! It really has been great too, you know, some of this people must have seen me play before because they were requesting a bunch of my songs! Yeah, "You suck" and "shut up and go home". Monica: Listen Phoebe... Phoebe: Yeah. Monica: You know how much I love listening to your music, you know, but... Phoebe: But what? Monica: This is kind of a classy place. Phoebe: (pause) Ok, say no more. [Time lapse: Phoebe in front of restaurant again] Phoebe: (with a fancy dress, still playing and singing): It wasn't just that she was fat, the woman smelled like garbage! Everyone! It wasn't just that she was fat the woman smelled like garbaaaaaage! (to Monica, showing her dress) Classy, uh? (Monica covers her face with her hands)[Scene: hall of the romantic inn in Vermont] Chandler: Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation. Receptionist: Welcome to the Chestnut Inn Mr. Bing, so where are you joining from? Chandler: New York. Ross: (in a strange voice and eating candies) The big apple! Chandler: I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here. Ross: Yeah, I ate all my gifts for everybody. Receptionist: I am sorry Mr. Bing, there's no record of your reservation in the computer. Chandler: Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please? Ross: (high pitched voice) Check again please! Receptionist: I'm sorry, it's not here. Ross: Not there. Chandler: Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation? Receptionist: I don't know what to say. Ross: (mumbling) She doesn't know what to say! Chandler: Just give us the cheapest room you have. Receptionist: Unfortunatly the only thing we have available is our deluxe suite, the rate is six hundred dollars. Chandler: That's insane! Ross: Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves. Chandler: Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? (pause) We'll take it. Receptionist: Great. Chandler: (aside, to Ross) What!? They are totally ripping us off! Ross: Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six! Chandler: Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there! Ross: C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time! Chandler: Dude, you're shaking! Ross: I think it's the sugar, could you hold the apple? [Scene: Joey's apartment] Rachel: Hi! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking all day about that scene you did, I mean, you were amazing! Joey: Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me! Rachel: God, you have to tell me what happens tomorrow! Joey: Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me? Rachel: Me? Oh, no, I am not an actress. Joey: Oh, all right, I can ask Monica. Rachel: Oh screw her, that part is mine! Joey: Right... (pause) ok, so just from the top of the page, right here. Rachel: Okay. (pause).(acting) Hello Drake, I'm surprised to see you here. Joey/Drake: I can't believe you married him. Rachel/actress: But what choice did I have. He was keeping my sister in a dungeon! Joey/Drake: So what about us? Everything we feel for each other. Rachel/actress: It's over! You have to accept that. Joey/Drake: How can I? Knowing I'll never hold you in my arms again, or touch your skin, or feel your lips, knowing I'll never make love to you? How can I accept that... I can never kiss you again when it's all I can do not to kiss you right now. Rachel: (pause) Kiss me. Joey: What? Rachel: Kiss me. Joey: Ah, Rach, it doesn't say that! Rachel: No, I'm saying... Joey: but, but.. Rachel: just... don't talk... (she kisses him) [Scene: Rachel's bedroom] Rachel: (waking up) Ehhh, aw! (pause). Well, that's new! [Scene: Hotel's room] Ross: (on the phone) Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? (pause) Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? (pause) Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons.  (Chandler enters the room)Ross: What did you get? Chandler: USA Today Ross: Nice, put it with the others. Chandler: And I also got... two more apples. Ross: We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!   Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. Ross: Oh, that's not cool. Chandlers: Dude, none of this is cool. Ross: No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. (pause) Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt (he opens the salt shaker and pours the salt into his hand) I wish I'd thought this through. Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that. Ross: Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)? Ross: No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Chandler: Yes, but the batteries... (Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Sure!
Phoebe: Well, I can't give you a massage, because my licence has been revoked again!
Phoebe: Well, it was an accident...You know, it's a lot of oil and sometimes the hand just slips!
(Chandler enters)Chandler: (To Monica) Have I got a surprise for you? Pack your bags! Phoebe: Oh no!You guys aren't supposed to get divorced for 7 years! Chandler: What? No, I'm taking Monica to a romantic inn in Vermont (shows them a brochure)! Phoebe: Oh, good!Ok, good for you!Try to recapture the magic! Chandler: So, what do you say? Can you get out of work? Monica: Oh, honey!I can't. I was just telling these guys that things are crazy at the restaurant! Chandler: Are you really that busy? Monica: Yeah, I'm sorry. I really am. Chandler: Oh, that's ok.I'll just try and reschedule. (on the phone) "Hi, this is Chandler Bing. I made a reservation there and I need to change it (pause) Oh, what do you mean it's not refundable? Can I just come some other time? (pause) Oh, can't you make an exception?" Monica: Tell them I'm a chef in a big New York restaurant! Phoebe: And tell them that in 2 weeks I will once again be a masseuse in good standing! Chandler: (on the phone) "Look, this is ridiculous! I'm not paying for that room! Ok?" (pause) "Oh, thank you very much!" (hangs up) Yeah, I'm going to Vermont... Ross: Oh, don't worry about it! Just use your travel insurance. Chandler: I don't have travel insurance. Ross: Well, this is what happens when people live on the edge! Monica: Why don't you take Ross? Ross: Uh, don't you think that would be a little weird? I mean, two guys in a romantic inn... Monica: No, not if their room has two beds! Ross: (browsing the brochure) I guess...It still seems a little...(enthusiastically) moonlight boat ride!! [Scene: Days of Our Lives' Studios] Rachel: Hey Joey, is this the bed where Olivia lost her virginity? Joey: I don't know, but one of the extras sure did! (pause) Hey, listen Rach. Thanks again for coming down to watch my scenes! Rachel: Oh, please!Honey, just the fact that you want me here to support you, I'm...OH MY GOD!Is that Christian Sanders?He's so gorgeous! Joey: Also so gay! Rachel: Oh, in my head he's done some pretty "not-gay-stuff"! Joey: Well, at the Christmas party him and Santa did some definitely gay stuff! Director: Joey, Joey! We're ready for you! Joey: Oh, wish me luck! Rachel: Ok, not that you need it but good...GOD!Is that Chase Lassiter?He's straight, right? Joey: Rach, I gotta say...if you weren't here wondering if these guys were gay I don't know if I could do this! Rachel: Oh, I'm sorry, you're right.I'm sorry, good luck! (they hug) Director: On a bell please! Quietly.. and ACTION! (the scene starts.Joey enters and there's a girl wearing a wedding dress near a bed)Actress/Olivia: Drake! What are you doing in here? Joey/Drake: Stopping you from marrying the wrong man and making the biggest mistake of your life. Actress/Olivia: Get out! Joey/Drake: You don't love him! Actress/Olivia: What do you know about love? Joey/Drake: I know what I felt that night when we kissed under the bridge. Actress/Olivia: That kiss never happened. Joey/Drake: Oh, what about this one. (the actress slaps him)Rachel: (watching a television where the scene is shown, startled) OH! Actress/Olivia: No, I told you...get out! Joey/Drake: Fine. I'll go. But let me ask you one question... Chase Lassiter: (talking to Rachel) You look familiar, have we... Rachel: SSSHHHHTTT!!He's asking her a question!! Joey/Drake: Can you really live the rest of your life never knowing what we could have been? Actress/Olivia: I don't have a choice... Joey/Drake: Yes, you do.Yes...you do. I'm the one who doesn't have a choice because I...because I can't stop loving you. Actress/Olivia: Don't say that... Joey/Drake: Tell me to stop, just...tell me to stop. (he's about to kiss her) Director: CUT! Rachel: NO! (pause) Or, cut!You know, that's your call! [Scene: Monica's restaurant] 1st Customer: Everything was delicious! Monica: Thank you! 2nd Customer: It was. The duck in particular was superb. Monica: Thank you!(she looks at the 3rd customer waiting for a compliment) You haven't said anything... 3rd Customer: Actually I do have one small complaint. Monica: Oh..please!I-I welcome criticism. 3rd Customer: The musician right outside the restaurant...it's kind of a mood-killer! Monica: What musician? [Scene: Outside the restaurant] Phoebe: (playing guitar and singing) And there's a country called Argentinaaaa, it's a place I've never seeeeen. But I'm told for fifty pesos you can buy a human spleen. Humaaan spleeeeen. Olè! Monica: What are you doing here! Phoebe: Well, you said that you had customers lined up in the street, so I am here to entertain! Monica: Great! Phoebe: Yeah! It really has been great too, you know, some of this people must have seen me play before because they were requesting a bunch of my songs! Yeah, "You suck" and "shut up and go home". Monica: Listen Phoebe... Phoebe: Yeah. Monica: You know how much I love listening to your music, you know, but... Phoebe: But what? Monica: This is kind of a classy place. Phoebe: (pause) Ok, say no more. [Time lapse: Phoebe in front of restaurant again] Phoebe: (with a fancy dress, still playing and singing): It wasn't just that she was fat, the woman smelled like garbage! Everyone! It wasn't just that she was fat the woman smelled like garbaaaaaage! (to Monica, showing her dress) Classy, uh? (Monica covers her face with her hands)[Scene: hall of the romantic inn in Vermont] Chandler: Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation. Receptionist: Welcome to the Chestnut Inn Mr. Bing, so where are you joining from? Chandler: New York. Ross: (in a strange voice and eating candies) The big apple! Chandler: I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here. Ross: Yeah, I ate all my gifts for everybody. Receptionist: I am sorry Mr. Bing, there's no record of your reservation in the computer. Chandler: Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please? Ross: (high pitched voice) Check again please! Receptionist: I'm sorry, it's not here. Ross: Not there. Chandler: Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation? Receptionist: I don't know what to say. Ross: (mumbling) She doesn't know what to say! Chandler: Just give us the cheapest room you have. Receptionist: Unfortunatly the only thing we have available is our deluxe suite, the rate is six hundred dollars. Chandler: That's insane! Ross: Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves. Chandler: Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? (pause) We'll take it. Receptionist: Great. Chandler: (aside, to Ross) What!? They are totally ripping us off! Ross: Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six! Chandler: Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there! Ross: C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time! Chandler: Dude, you're shaking! Ross: I think it's the sugar, could you hold the apple? [Scene: Joey's apartment] Rachel: Hi! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking all day about that scene you did, I mean, you were amazing! Joey: Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me! Rachel: God, you have to tell me what happens tomorrow! Joey: Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me? Rachel: Me? Oh, no, I am not an actress. Joey: Oh, all right, I can ask Monica. Rachel: Oh screw her, that part is mine! Joey: Right... (pause) ok, so just from the top of the page, right here. Rachel: Okay. (pause).(acting) Hello Drake, I'm surprised to see you here. Joey/Drake: I can't believe you married him. Rachel/actress: But what choice did I have. He was keeping my sister in a dungeon! Joey/Drake: So what about us? Everything we feel for each other. Rachel/actress: It's over! You have to accept that. Joey/Drake: How can I? Knowing I'll never hold you in my arms again, or touch your skin, or feel your lips, knowing I'll never make love to you? How can I accept that... I can never kiss you again when it's all I can do not to kiss you right now. Rachel: (pause) Kiss me. Joey: What? Rachel: Kiss me. Joey: Ah, Rach, it doesn't say that! Rachel: No, I'm saying... Joey: but, but.. Rachel: just... don't talk... (she kisses him) [Scene: Rachel's bedroom] Rachel: (waking up) Ehhh, aw! (pause). Well, that's new! [Scene: Hotel's room] Ross: (on the phone) Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? (pause) Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? (pause) Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons.  (Chandler enters the room)Ross: What did you get? Chandler: USA Today Ross: Nice, put it with the others. Chandler: And I also got... two more apples. Ross: We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!   Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. Ross: Oh, that's not cool. Chandlers: Dude, none of this is cool. Ross: No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. (pause) Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt (he opens the salt shaker and pours the salt into his hand) I wish I'd thought this through. Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that. Ross: Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)? Ross: No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Chandler: Yes, but the batteries... (Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Phoebe: Oh no!You guys aren't supposed to get divorced for 7 years!
Phoebe: Oh, good!Ok, good for you!Try to recapture the magic!
Phoebe: And tell them that in 2 weeks I will once again be a masseuse in good standing!
(the scene starts.Joey enters and there's a girl wearing a wedding dress near a bed)Actress/Olivia: Drake! What are you doing in here? Joey/Drake: Stopping you from marrying the wrong man and making the biggest mistake of your life. Actress/Olivia: Get out! Joey/Drake: You don't love him! Actress/Olivia: What do you know about love? Joey/Drake: I know what I felt that night when we kissed under the bridge. Actress/Olivia: That kiss never happened. Joey/Drake: Oh, what about this one. (the actress slaps him)Rachel: (watching a television where the scene is shown, startled) OH! Actress/Olivia: No, I told you...get out! Joey/Drake: Fine. I'll go. But let me ask you one question... Chase Lassiter: (talking to Rachel) You look familiar, have we... Rachel: SSSHHHHTTT!!He's asking her a question!! Joey/Drake: Can you really live the rest of your life never knowing what we could have been? Actress/Olivia: I don't have a choice... Joey/Drake: Yes, you do.Yes...you do. I'm the one who doesn't have a choice because I...because I can't stop loving you. Actress/Olivia: Don't say that... Joey/Drake: Tell me to stop, just...tell me to stop. (he's about to kiss her) Director: CUT! Rachel: NO! (pause) Or, cut!You know, that's your call! [Scene: Monica's restaurant] 1st Customer: Everything was delicious! Monica: Thank you! 2nd Customer: It was. The duck in particular was superb. Monica: Thank you!(she looks at the 3rd customer waiting for a compliment) You haven't said anything... 3rd Customer: Actually I do have one small complaint. Monica: Oh..please!I-I welcome criticism. 3rd Customer: The musician right outside the restaurant...it's kind of a mood-killer! Monica: What musician? [Scene: Outside the restaurant] Phoebe: (playing guitar and singing) And there's a country called Argentinaaaa, it's a place I've never seeeeen. But I'm told for fifty pesos you can buy a human spleen. Humaaan spleeeeen. Olè! Monica: What are you doing here! Phoebe: Well, you said that you had customers lined up in the street, so I am here to entertain! Monica: Great! Phoebe: Yeah! It really has been great too, you know, some of this people must have seen me play before because they were requesting a bunch of my songs! Yeah, "You suck" and "shut up and go home". Monica: Listen Phoebe... Phoebe: Yeah. Monica: You know how much I love listening to your music, you know, but... Phoebe: But what? Monica: This is kind of a classy place. Phoebe: (pause) Ok, say no more. [Time lapse: Phoebe in front of restaurant again] Phoebe: (with a fancy dress, still playing and singing): It wasn't just that she was fat, the woman smelled like garbage! Everyone! It wasn't just that she was fat the woman smelled like garbaaaaaage! (to Monica, showing her dress) Classy, uh? (Monica covers her face with her hands)[Scene: hall of the romantic inn in Vermont] Chandler: Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation. Receptionist: Welcome to the Chestnut Inn Mr. Bing, so where are you joining from? Chandler: New York. Ross: (in a strange voice and eating candies) The big apple! Chandler: I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here. Ross: Yeah, I ate all my gifts for everybody. Receptionist: I am sorry Mr. Bing, there's no record of your reservation in the computer. Chandler: Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please? Ross: (high pitched voice) Check again please! Receptionist: I'm sorry, it's not here. Ross: Not there. Chandler: Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation? Receptionist: I don't know what to say. Ross: (mumbling) She doesn't know what to say! Chandler: Just give us the cheapest room you have. Receptionist: Unfortunatly the only thing we have available is our deluxe suite, the rate is six hundred dollars. Chandler: That's insane! Ross: Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves. Chandler: Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? (pause) We'll take it. Receptionist: Great. Chandler: (aside, to Ross) What!? They are totally ripping us off! Ross: Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six! Chandler: Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there! Ross: C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time! Chandler: Dude, you're shaking! Ross: I think it's the sugar, could you hold the apple? [Scene: Joey's apartment] Rachel: Hi! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking all day about that scene you did, I mean, you were amazing! Joey: Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me! Rachel: God, you have to tell me what happens tomorrow! Joey: Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me? Rachel: Me? Oh, no, I am not an actress. Joey: Oh, all right, I can ask Monica. Rachel: Oh screw her, that part is mine! Joey: Right... (pause) ok, so just from the top of the page, right here. Rachel: Okay. (pause).(acting) Hello Drake, I'm surprised to see you here. Joey/Drake: I can't believe you married him. Rachel/actress: But what choice did I have. He was keeping my sister in a dungeon! Joey/Drake: So what about us? Everything we feel for each other. Rachel/actress: It's over! You have to accept that. Joey/Drake: How can I? Knowing I'll never hold you in my arms again, or touch your skin, or feel your lips, knowing I'll never make love to you? How can I accept that... I can never kiss you again when it's all I can do not to kiss you right now. Rachel: (pause) Kiss me. Joey: What? Rachel: Kiss me. Joey: Ah, Rach, it doesn't say that! Rachel: No, I'm saying... Joey: but, but.. Rachel: just... don't talk... (she kisses him) [Scene: Rachel's bedroom] Rachel: (waking up) Ehhh, aw! (pause). Well, that's new! [Scene: Hotel's room] Ross: (on the phone) Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? (pause) Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? (pause) Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons.  (Chandler enters the room)Ross: What did you get? Chandler: USA Today Ross: Nice, put it with the others. Chandler: And I also got... two more apples. Ross: We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!   Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. Ross: Oh, that's not cool. Chandlers: Dude, none of this is cool. Ross: No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. (pause) Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt (he opens the salt shaker and pours the salt into his hand) I wish I'd thought this through. Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that. Ross: Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)? Ross: No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Chandler: Yes, but the batteries... (Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(the actress slaps him)Rachel: (watching a television where the scene is shown, startled) OH! Actress/Olivia: No, I told you...get out! Joey/Drake: Fine. I'll go. But let me ask you one question... Chase Lassiter: (talking to Rachel) You look familiar, have we... Rachel: SSSHHHHTTT!!He's asking her a question!! Joey/Drake: Can you really live the rest of your life never knowing what we could have been? Actress/Olivia: I don't have a choice... Joey/Drake: Yes, you do.Yes...you do. I'm the one who doesn't have a choice because I...because I can't stop loving you. Actress/Olivia: Don't say that... Joey/Drake: Tell me to stop, just...tell me to stop. (he's about to kiss her) Director: CUT! Rachel: NO! (pause) Or, cut!You know, that's your call! [Scene: Monica's restaurant] 1st Customer: Everything was delicious! Monica: Thank you! 2nd Customer: It was. The duck in particular was superb. Monica: Thank you!(she looks at the 3rd customer waiting for a compliment) You haven't said anything... 3rd Customer: Actually I do have one small complaint. Monica: Oh..please!I-I welcome criticism. 3rd Customer: The musician right outside the restaurant...it's kind of a mood-killer! Monica: What musician? [Scene: Outside the restaurant] Phoebe: (playing guitar and singing) And there's a country called Argentinaaaa, it's a place I've never seeeeen. But I'm told for fifty pesos you can buy a human spleen. Humaaan spleeeeen. Olè! Monica: What are you doing here! Phoebe: Well, you said that you had customers lined up in the street, so I am here to entertain! Monica: Great! Phoebe: Yeah! It really has been great too, you know, some of this people must have seen me play before because they were requesting a bunch of my songs! Yeah, "You suck" and "shut up and go home". Monica: Listen Phoebe... Phoebe: Yeah. Monica: You know how much I love listening to your music, you know, but... Phoebe: But what? Monica: This is kind of a classy place. Phoebe: (pause) Ok, say no more. [Time lapse: Phoebe in front of restaurant again] Phoebe: (with a fancy dress, still playing and singing): It wasn't just that she was fat, the woman smelled like garbage! Everyone! It wasn't just that she was fat the woman smelled like garbaaaaaage! (to Monica, showing her dress) Classy, uh? (Monica covers her face with her hands)[Scene: hall of the romantic inn in Vermont] Chandler: Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation. Receptionist: Welcome to the Chestnut Inn Mr. Bing, so where are you joining from? Chandler: New York. Ross: (in a strange voice and eating candies) The big apple! Chandler: I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here. Ross: Yeah, I ate all my gifts for everybody. Receptionist: I am sorry Mr. Bing, there's no record of your reservation in the computer. Chandler: Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please? Ross: (high pitched voice) Check again please! Receptionist: I'm sorry, it's not here. Ross: Not there. Chandler: Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation? Receptionist: I don't know what to say. Ross: (mumbling) She doesn't know what to say! Chandler: Just give us the cheapest room you have. Receptionist: Unfortunatly the only thing we have available is our deluxe suite, the rate is six hundred dollars. Chandler: That's insane! Ross: Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves. Chandler: Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? (pause) We'll take it. Receptionist: Great. Chandler: (aside, to Ross) What!? They are totally ripping us off! Ross: Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six! Chandler: Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there! Ross: C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time! Chandler: Dude, you're shaking! Ross: I think it's the sugar, could you hold the apple? [Scene: Joey's apartment] Rachel: Hi! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking all day about that scene you did, I mean, you were amazing! Joey: Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me! Rachel: God, you have to tell me what happens tomorrow! Joey: Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me? Rachel: Me? Oh, no, I am not an actress. Joey: Oh, all right, I can ask Monica. Rachel: Oh screw her, that part is mine! Joey: Right... (pause) ok, so just from the top of the page, right here. Rachel: Okay. (pause).(acting) Hello Drake, I'm surprised to see you here. Joey/Drake: I can't believe you married him. Rachel/actress: But what choice did I have. He was keeping my sister in a dungeon! Joey/Drake: So what about us? Everything we feel for each other. Rachel/actress: It's over! You have to accept that. Joey/Drake: How can I? Knowing I'll never hold you in my arms again, or touch your skin, or feel your lips, knowing I'll never make love to you? How can I accept that... I can never kiss you again when it's all I can do not to kiss you right now. Rachel: (pause) Kiss me. Joey: What? Rachel: Kiss me. Joey: Ah, Rach, it doesn't say that! Rachel: No, I'm saying... Joey: but, but.. Rachel: just... don't talk... (she kisses him) [Scene: Rachel's bedroom] Rachel: (waking up) Ehhh, aw! (pause). Well, that's new! [Scene: Hotel's room] Ross: (on the phone) Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? (pause) Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? (pause) Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons.  (Chandler enters the room)Ross: What did you get? Chandler: USA Today Ross: Nice, put it with the others. Chandler: And I also got... two more apples. Ross: We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!   Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. Ross: Oh, that's not cool. Chandlers: Dude, none of this is cool. Ross: No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. (pause) Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt (he opens the salt shaker and pours the salt into his hand) I wish I'd thought this through. Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that. Ross: Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)? Ross: No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Chandler: Yes, but the batteries... (Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Phoebe: (playing guitar and singing) And there's a country called Argentinaaaa, it's a place I've never seeeeen. But I'm told for fifty pesos you can buy a human spleen. Humaaan spleeeeen. Olè!
Phoebe: Well, you said that you had customers lined up in the street, so I am here to entertain!
Phoebe: Yeah! It really has been great too, you know, some of this people must have seen me play before because they were requesting a bunch of my songs! Yeah, "You suck" and "shut up and go home".
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: But what?
Phoebe: (pause) Ok, say no more.
Phoebe: (with a fancy dress, still playing and singing): It wasn't just that she was fat, the woman smelled like garbage! Everyone! It wasn't just that she was fat the woman smelled like garbaaaaaage! (to Monica, showing her dress) Classy, uh?
(Monica covers her face with her hands)[Scene: hall of the romantic inn in Vermont] Chandler: Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation. Receptionist: Welcome to the Chestnut Inn Mr. Bing, so where are you joining from? Chandler: New York. Ross: (in a strange voice and eating candies) The big apple! Chandler: I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here. Ross: Yeah, I ate all my gifts for everybody. Receptionist: I am sorry Mr. Bing, there's no record of your reservation in the computer. Chandler: Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please? Ross: (high pitched voice) Check again please! Receptionist: I'm sorry, it's not here. Ross: Not there. Chandler: Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation? Receptionist: I don't know what to say. Ross: (mumbling) She doesn't know what to say! Chandler: Just give us the cheapest room you have. Receptionist: Unfortunatly the only thing we have available is our deluxe suite, the rate is six hundred dollars. Chandler: That's insane! Ross: Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves. Chandler: Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? (pause) We'll take it. Receptionist: Great. Chandler: (aside, to Ross) What!? They are totally ripping us off! Ross: Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six! Chandler: Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there! Ross: C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time! Chandler: Dude, you're shaking! Ross: I think it's the sugar, could you hold the apple? [Scene: Joey's apartment] Rachel: Hi! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking all day about that scene you did, I mean, you were amazing! Joey: Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me! Rachel: God, you have to tell me what happens tomorrow! Joey: Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me? Rachel: Me? Oh, no, I am not an actress. Joey: Oh, all right, I can ask Monica. Rachel: Oh screw her, that part is mine! Joey: Right... (pause) ok, so just from the top of the page, right here. Rachel: Okay. (pause).(acting) Hello Drake, I'm surprised to see you here. Joey/Drake: I can't believe you married him. Rachel/actress: But what choice did I have. He was keeping my sister in a dungeon! Joey/Drake: So what about us? Everything we feel for each other. Rachel/actress: It's over! You have to accept that. Joey/Drake: How can I? Knowing I'll never hold you in my arms again, or touch your skin, or feel your lips, knowing I'll never make love to you? How can I accept that... I can never kiss you again when it's all I can do not to kiss you right now. Rachel: (pause) Kiss me. Joey: What? Rachel: Kiss me. Joey: Ah, Rach, it doesn't say that! Rachel: No, I'm saying... Joey: but, but.. Rachel: just... don't talk... (she kisses him) [Scene: Rachel's bedroom] Rachel: (waking up) Ehhh, aw! (pause). Well, that's new! [Scene: Hotel's room] Ross: (on the phone) Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? (pause) Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? (pause) Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons.  (Chandler enters the room)Ross: What did you get? Chandler: USA Today Ross: Nice, put it with the others. Chandler: And I also got... two more apples. Ross: We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!   Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. Ross: Oh, that's not cool. Chandlers: Dude, none of this is cool. Ross: No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. (pause) Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt (he opens the salt shaker and pours the salt into his hand) I wish I'd thought this through. Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that. Ross: Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)? Ross: No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Chandler: Yes, but the batteries... (Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(Chandler enters the room)Ross: What did you get? Chandler: USA Today Ross: Nice, put it with the others. Chandler: And I also got... two more apples. Ross: We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!   Chandler: I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. Ross: Oh, that's not cool. Chandlers: Dude, none of this is cool. Ross: No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. (pause) Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt (he opens the salt shaker and pours the salt into his hand) I wish I'd thought this through. Chandler: I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that. Ross: Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. Chandler: Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)? Ross: No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Chandler: Yes, but the batteries... (Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(Ross claps his hands)Chandler: Thank you, thank you very much! Ross: Let's celebrate with some maple candy! Chandler: No! Ross: At least tell me where you hid it. [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the sofa] Rachel: Can I ask you a question? Monica: Yeah. Rachel: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams? Monica: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head. Rachel: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey. Monica: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him? Rachel: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense. Monica: What do you think brought than on? Rachel: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday. Monica: A love scene? With who? Rachel: Olivia. Monica: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important. Rachel: So do you think that my dream means anything? Monica: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake. Rachel: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream... Monica: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.  Rachel: You took the same class twice. Monica: It was hard! (Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey! Rachel and Monica: Hi. Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man. Monica: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place. Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault. Monica: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore. Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot). (silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man.
Phoebe: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault.
Phoebe: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot).
(silence)Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work... Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant? Rachel: Ok, we're still on that. Monica: I didn't say your songs were not good enough. Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food? Monica: Tiny portions? Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"! Monica: Phoebe, it's not about quantity. Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality. Monica: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in. Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica. Monica: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs. Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic? Monica: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy. Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini? [Scene: Hotel's reception] Receptionist: Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay. Chandler: Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. (the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Phoebe: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant?
Phoebe: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food?
Phoebe: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"!
Phoebe: Well...it's not about quality.
Phoebe: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica.
Phoebe: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic?
Phoebe: What are people having, the garlic Martini?
(the receptions is puzzled. She goes in the back.)Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. Ross: Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. (they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(they make as if to go, but Ross notices something)Ross: Oh my god. Chandler: What? Ross: There's something new in the bowl. Chandler: Look, we have enough, just walk away. Ross: No, but I want...I want the pinecones! Chandler: There's a forest right outside. Ross: It's not the same. Chandler: Ok, go quick! (Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(Ross starts stuffing pinecones in the suitcase. As the receptionist walks in, Chandler makes a bird's verse and Ross stops)Ross: (to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay. (he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
(he picks up the suitcase, which falls open, revealing all the stuff they have taken from the hotel. The receptionist just looks at them.)Ross: Oh, my maple candy! [Scene: In front of Monica's restaurant. Phoebe is playing] Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. (Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Phoebe: (singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you..
(Monica comes out)Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall. Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself. Monica: Ok, you have to stop playing now. Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you! Monica: Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on! Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me! Monica: (to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha! Monica: Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again). Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky? Monica: Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands) Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands). Monica: Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand) Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand) Monica: I'm sorry... Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug) Monica: ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?  Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...  (Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Phoebe: You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself.
Phoebe: Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you!
Phoebe: (while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me!
Phoebe: Ok, ok, how many of you enjoyed the music outside? (a few people raise their hands) Ha!
Phoebe: Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky?
Phoebe: Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands).
Phoebe: Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand)
Phoebe: I'm sorry too... (they hug)
Phoebe: Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p... 
(Monica seems to take it amiss)Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me? [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Rachel walks in] Rachel: Hey! Joey: Hey! Rachel: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head? Joey: (Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all! Rachel: (looks puzzled) How...how...? Joey: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?  Rachel: uh-huh Joey: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!  Rachel: (to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake... Joey: What? Rachel: What...how is it going with Drake? Joey: Oh...I don't think it's going very well... Rachel: What...that scene I saw was so good! Joey: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow... Rachel: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment? Joey: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia. Rachel: So? Joey: So...I've never played that! Rachel: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before? Joey: Uh...well...just once...with you... Rachel: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance? Joey: (looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about?? Rachel: (shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how  you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene. Joey: (approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me. Rachel: (looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before... Joey: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. (Joey and Rachel continue to look at each other in silence for a while)Joey: (excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) Closing credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartement, Monica is at the kitchen table writing something and Chandler enters kitchen area] Chandler: I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) Monica: (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty! (Then Ross enters)Ross: (sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing? 
Phoebe: (smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me?
Phoebe: What is it?
Phoebe: I know, I know, we can drive, we can vote, we can work, what more do these broads want?
(Monica points at Joey, Rachel turns and sees him)Rachel: (giggling and whispering) Maybe. Monica: (whispering) You can't! Rachel: (whispering) Why? (Monica gesticulates mumbling something that starts with "because") Seriously I did not understand a word that you said. Monica: In the hall. [Scene: In the hall] Monica: You wanna fool around with Joey? Rachel: Yeah! You know, ever since I had that dream about him, and can't get it out of my head! And what's the big deal, people do it all the time! Monica: Who? Who do you know that are friends that just fool around? Rachel: Ok, off the top of my head... Don and Janet. Monica: Who, who are they? Rachel: I know them from work. Monica: Both of them? Rachel: No, one of them... Monica: Which one? Rachel: I don't know, what were the names I just said? Monica: Rachel, things can get incredibly complicated. Rachel: All right, all right, you're right, I won't do anything with Joey, I just thought that we (Joey enters the hall) Ok so that would be two cups of tarragon, one pound of baking soda and one red onion? (Joey enters his apartment) Monica: What the hell are you cooking! Opening credits[Scene: Central Perk, Ross enters] Ross: Hey! Monica: Hey! Chandler: Hey! Ross: Hey, you guys won't believe what I have to do for work today. Chandler: Yes, but, Ross you chose a career of talking about dinosaurs. Ross: (covering with his hand Chandler's face, like pretending he's not there) (to Monica) There're these two professors who are joining my department and I have to meet them here and show them around campus. Monica: What's so bad about that? Ross: It's I just know they're gonna be a couple of windbags wearing tweed jackets with suede elbow patches. Monica: (fingering her elbow): Ross? Ross: (looking his elbow, where there's a patch) These aren't suede. (a woman walks in)Charlie: (to Gunther) Excuse me, I'm looking for someone. You don't, by any chance, know a Ross Geller? Gunther: No. Ross: Hi, hi, I'm Ross Geller. Charlie: Oh, hi. I'm professor Wealer. Ross: Oh, oh, that's, that's, that's nice. Charlie: It's a... It's good to meet you! Thank you so much for taking the time out to show me around. Ross: Oh, no, it's no big deal, I mean, if I weren't doing this I'd just, you know, be at the gym working out. Monica: (to Chandler) Is he gonna introduce us? Chandler: (to Monica) No, I think we're just blurry shapes to him now. Charlie: And, by the way, I really enjoyed your paper on the connection between geographic isolation and rapid mutagenesis. Ross: Oh, ha, I wrote that in one minute. Monica: (to chandler) Twenty bucks says they're married within the month. Ross: (hitting Monica with his suitcase) (to Charlie) We should probably get going, you know, we got a lot of ground to cover. Charlie: Oh, ah, isn't there another professor that is supposed to come with us? Ross: I don't think so. Charlie: I'm pretty sure, professor Spafford from Cornell? Ross: Oh, well he's obviously late and the rule in my class is "if you can't come on time, then don't come at all". (pause) An option that many of my students use. (pause) Shall we? Charlie: You don't think we should wait for him? Ross: You know what, he's a big boy, I'm sure he'll find us, ok? Professor Spafford: Professor Geller? Ross: Oh, damn it! [Scene: Joey's apartment] (Rachel enters the room and checks the answering machine)Jane: (from the answering machine) Hi Joey it's Jane Rogers, can't wait for your party tonight. Listen, I forgot your address, can you give me a call? Thanks, bye. Joey: (entering the room) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Joey: What's happenin'? Rachel: Yeah, it's a real shame you can't make it to that one-woman show tonight. Joey: Oh, I'd love to, but I gotta get up so early the next day and so, you know me, work comes first Rachel: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah... (she plays the answering machine) Message: "Hi Joey, it's Jane Rogers can't wait for your party tonight" (Joey's upset and stops it) Joey: (yelling) Stupid Jane Rogers!! Rachel: (angry) You are having a party tonight?? Joey: Kinda have a... a thing for the Days Of Our Life's people. Rachel: And you weren't going to tell us? How did you think you were gonna get away with that? Joey: I do it every year. Rachel: You do that every year?? Joey: I didn't have to tell you that!! I'm stupider than Jane Rogers!! Rachel: Oh, that's why you got these tickets to that play, to get rid of us?? Joey: Yeah... Rachel: And last year is that why you sent us to that medieval times restaurant? Joey: Yeah... Rachel: OH! And the year before that, when you set up that nighttime tour of that button factory? Joey: (Smiling) I can't believe you guys went for that one! Rachel: Joey, why wouldn't you invite us to your parties? Joey: You're fine, ok? But everyone else acts like an idiot around famous people! Rachel: Well, then so you just invite me...! Joey: (speaking aloud) Please, I was trying to be nice, you're the worst one! Rachel: Oh, Joey, come on! Please, please! Let me come, I will behave, I promise! I will behave! Please, please, please... Joey: Ok, ok! Fine! You can come, but don't tell anybody else. It's up on the roof at 8. Rachel: (yelling and jumping like a child) OH, a soap opera roof party!! I'm going to a soap opera roof party!! Oh my God, oh my God!! (realizing how she's behaving) And it's out of my system! [Scene: Ross, Charlie and Professor Spafford are sitting at the table in a restaurant] Professor Spafford: (speaking very slowly) And then my wife and I went on a cruise to the Galapagos. There was a sea food buffet you wouldn't believe. There were clams, and mussels, and oysters, and cracked crab, and snow crab, and king crab. It's a pity I'm allergic to shellfish. Ross: (very bored, he tries to avoid the conversation speaking to Charlie) So, where did you get your undergraduate degree? Professor Spafford: And that's not all I'm allergic to. Ross: (to Charlie) Oh, it's not over! Professor Spafford: I'm also allergic to peanuts, and cashews, and almonds, and filberts... Ross: So basically all nuts? Professor Spafford: Interestingly... no. Charlie: Kinda playing fast and loose with the word "interesting". Professor Spafford: If you'll excuse me I'm going to use the restroom. (he goes away) Charlie: Oh my God!! Ross: I've lost the will to live. Charlie: Let's ditch him! Ross: What? Charlie: Come on, he's still in the bathroom! I'm begging you! Ross: Oh... ok, fine. But... ehm... I just have one question for you, ehm... (aping Professor Spafford) When we exit should we walk, or run, or prance, or stroll... Charlie: Stop it, stop it! He talks slow but he might pee fast! Ok, let's go!! (they run outside) [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] Ross: (entering with Charlie) Oh, hey you guys! This is Charlie! Charlie, this is Phoebe and my sister, Monica. Phoebe: Hi! Ross: Yeah, Charlie is gonna be joining my department. Phoebe: Oh, you're a paleonthologist, too! (pause) Oh, ok, now, what do you think of Ranion's new theory of species' variegation in segmented arthopods? Charlie: Well, I think he's a little out there, but he does have some interesting ideas... Phoebe: Ah, ah. Charlie: (her mobile phone rings) Oh, I'm sorry. I'll take this. Excuse me. (she cuts herself off for a moment) Ross: (to Phoebe) Ranion's theory of species variegation? Phoebe: Yeah, I saw the article on your coffee table and I memorized the title to freak you out! Monica: (to Ross) So, did you two have fun? Ross: Oh my God, she's great! I mean, we-we have so much in common and she's just cool, and funny... Monica: And I don't know if you've noticed but she's a (aloud) HOTTY!! (Charlie looks at her) HI! Rachel: (she enters wearing a bath-robe) Hey... Hi you guys! Listen, you know what? I'm not feeling really well. I think I can't get out for the play. Ross: Really? Wh-what's wrong? Rachel: I don't know! I think it's kind of serious! Oh, you know... I was watching this thing on TV this morning about... Newcastle disease... and I think I might have it!! Charlie: Oh, Newcastle disease is a secretion borne virus that only affects chickens and... other poultry. Rachel: ... Ok, who is this? Ross: I'm sorry, Rachel, this is Charlie Wealer, she's a collegue. Rachel: Oh, hi! I would check your hand but... I'm sure you don't want to get my chicken disease! Monica: Hey, Rachel, Can-can I see you for a sec? Rachel: Sure! (Monica takes her apart) Oh... Monica: You're not sick! Rachel: What? Yes, I am! Monica: Ok, then, why are you... (she opens her robe revealing a nice black dress) all dressed up?? Rachel: When you're sick, you do whatever you can to make yourself feel better! (she closes her robe) Monica: You just wanna stay home so you can make a move on Joey! Rachel: Oh, no, no! I heard you before, that is so not what this is! Monica: Ok, what is this? Rachel: Ok! (whispering) Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof and he sent you guys to the play to get rid of you! Monica: (aloud) WHAT? Ross: (looking at them) Wh-what's going on? Monica: Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof! Rachel: And he didn't want you guys to know about it but I came over here to tell you!! Charlie: I thought you came to say you were sick. Rachel: Ok professor or detective? Phoebe: Joey's having a party and he wasn't gonna invite us? Rachel: Yeah, and he does it every year! That's why he's sending you to that play! That's why he sent us to that medieval restaurant and to that button factory! Phoebe: And that horrible museum tour! Ross: No, I arranged that... (Joey enters, wearing a bathrobe)Joey: (sounds tired) Hey you guys, I'm turning in. Have fun. Phoebe: We know about your party Joey. Joey: What party? Monica: The game's over! Take off your robe! Joey: (looks perplexed and opens up his robe) Ok... I mean... Everyone: No!! Cover it up!! Joey: (to Charlie after covering himself up again) Nice to meet ya! (Charlie waves hesitantly and Joey leaves) [Scene: The Roof] Joey: (To some people) Hey! Hey alright! Hey, glad you could make it (Shakes a man's hand) Thanks for coming. Monica: Oh my God! Kyle Lowder! Kyle Lowder: (to Monica) Hi. (walks on) Monica: (Yells after him) I love you! Joey: Hey, that's why I didn't invite you. you have to calm down, alright... go, go get yourself a drink or something... Monica: Oh yeah that's what you want - my inhibitions lowered. Phoebe: Hey! Monica: (Excited) Oh my God, can you believe we are surrounded by all this? I can barely control myself. Phoebe: Monica, you might want to remember that you are married. Where is Chandler anyway? (Looks around) Monica: (Shocked) Oh my God! Chandler! [Scene: The theater. Chandler is sitting in the otherwise empty front row, looking around nervously] Chandler: Where the hell is everybody? (The lights dim and Chandler tries to get away but as the bitter lady comes on stage and starts yelling he promptly changes his mind and sits down)Bitter lady: (yelling) Why don't you like me?! Chapter One: My first period. [Scene: The Roof, Rachel is talking to a guy who hands her a tissue with something written on it] Monica: (to Rachel) Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love". Rachel: Ok actually Mon, Matthew was just giving me his phone number. Monica: Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married! Matthew Ashford: It was nice to meet you Rachel. Rachel: Nice to meet you. Matthew Ashford: Call me. Rachel: Ok (Matthew leaves)Monica: (yelling after him) We will!! Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys! Rachel: Yeah! Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey? Rachel: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler! Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather) (cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(a woman walks in)Charlie: (to Gunther) Excuse me, I'm looking for someone. You don't, by any chance, know a Ross Geller? Gunther: No. Ross: Hi, hi, I'm Ross Geller. Charlie: Oh, hi. I'm professor Wealer. Ross: Oh, oh, that's, that's, that's nice. Charlie: It's a... It's good to meet you! Thank you so much for taking the time out to show me around. Ross: Oh, no, it's no big deal, I mean, if I weren't doing this I'd just, you know, be at the gym working out. Monica: (to Chandler) Is he gonna introduce us? Chandler: (to Monica) No, I think we're just blurry shapes to him now. Charlie: And, by the way, I really enjoyed your paper on the connection between geographic isolation and rapid mutagenesis. Ross: Oh, ha, I wrote that in one minute. Monica: (to chandler) Twenty bucks says they're married within the month. Ross: (hitting Monica with his suitcase) (to Charlie) We should probably get going, you know, we got a lot of ground to cover. Charlie: Oh, ah, isn't there another professor that is supposed to come with us? Ross: I don't think so. Charlie: I'm pretty sure, professor Spafford from Cornell? Ross: Oh, well he's obviously late and the rule in my class is "if you can't come on time, then don't come at all". (pause) An option that many of my students use. (pause) Shall we? Charlie: You don't think we should wait for him? Ross: You know what, he's a big boy, I'm sure he'll find us, ok? Professor Spafford: Professor Geller? Ross: Oh, damn it! [Scene: Joey's apartment] (Rachel enters the room and checks the answering machine)Jane: (from the answering machine) Hi Joey it's Jane Rogers, can't wait for your party tonight. Listen, I forgot your address, can you give me a call? Thanks, bye. Joey: (entering the room) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Joey: What's happenin'? Rachel: Yeah, it's a real shame you can't make it to that one-woman show tonight. Joey: Oh, I'd love to, but I gotta get up so early the next day and so, you know me, work comes first Rachel: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah... (she plays the answering machine) Message: "Hi Joey, it's Jane Rogers can't wait for your party tonight" (Joey's upset and stops it) Joey: (yelling) Stupid Jane Rogers!! Rachel: (angry) You are having a party tonight?? Joey: Kinda have a... a thing for the Days Of Our Life's people. Rachel: And you weren't going to tell us? How did you think you were gonna get away with that? Joey: I do it every year. Rachel: You do that every year?? Joey: I didn't have to tell you that!! I'm stupider than Jane Rogers!! Rachel: Oh, that's why you got these tickets to that play, to get rid of us?? Joey: Yeah... Rachel: And last year is that why you sent us to that medieval times restaurant? Joey: Yeah... Rachel: OH! And the year before that, when you set up that nighttime tour of that button factory? Joey: (Smiling) I can't believe you guys went for that one! Rachel: Joey, why wouldn't you invite us to your parties? Joey: You're fine, ok? But everyone else acts like an idiot around famous people! Rachel: Well, then so you just invite me...! Joey: (speaking aloud) Please, I was trying to be nice, you're the worst one! Rachel: Oh, Joey, come on! Please, please! Let me come, I will behave, I promise! I will behave! Please, please, please... Joey: Ok, ok! Fine! You can come, but don't tell anybody else. It's up on the roof at 8. Rachel: (yelling and jumping like a child) OH, a soap opera roof party!! I'm going to a soap opera roof party!! Oh my God, oh my God!! (realizing how she's behaving) And it's out of my system! [Scene: Ross, Charlie and Professor Spafford are sitting at the table in a restaurant] Professor Spafford: (speaking very slowly) And then my wife and I went on a cruise to the Galapagos. There was a sea food buffet you wouldn't believe. There were clams, and mussels, and oysters, and cracked crab, and snow crab, and king crab. It's a pity I'm allergic to shellfish. Ross: (very bored, he tries to avoid the conversation speaking to Charlie) So, where did you get your undergraduate degree? Professor Spafford: And that's not all I'm allergic to. Ross: (to Charlie) Oh, it's not over! Professor Spafford: I'm also allergic to peanuts, and cashews, and almonds, and filberts... Ross: So basically all nuts? Professor Spafford: Interestingly... no. Charlie: Kinda playing fast and loose with the word "interesting". Professor Spafford: If you'll excuse me I'm going to use the restroom. (he goes away) Charlie: Oh my God!! Ross: I've lost the will to live. Charlie: Let's ditch him! Ross: What? Charlie: Come on, he's still in the bathroom! I'm begging you! Ross: Oh... ok, fine. But... ehm... I just have one question for you, ehm... (aping Professor Spafford) When we exit should we walk, or run, or prance, or stroll... Charlie: Stop it, stop it! He talks slow but he might pee fast! Ok, let's go!! (they run outside) [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] Ross: (entering with Charlie) Oh, hey you guys! This is Charlie! Charlie, this is Phoebe and my sister, Monica. Phoebe: Hi! Ross: Yeah, Charlie is gonna be joining my department. Phoebe: Oh, you're a paleonthologist, too! (pause) Oh, ok, now, what do you think of Ranion's new theory of species' variegation in segmented arthopods? Charlie: Well, I think he's a little out there, but he does have some interesting ideas... Phoebe: Ah, ah. Charlie: (her mobile phone rings) Oh, I'm sorry. I'll take this. Excuse me. (she cuts herself off for a moment) Ross: (to Phoebe) Ranion's theory of species variegation? Phoebe: Yeah, I saw the article on your coffee table and I memorized the title to freak you out! Monica: (to Ross) So, did you two have fun? Ross: Oh my God, she's great! I mean, we-we have so much in common and she's just cool, and funny... Monica: And I don't know if you've noticed but she's a (aloud) HOTTY!! (Charlie looks at her) HI! Rachel: (she enters wearing a bath-robe) Hey... Hi you guys! Listen, you know what? I'm not feeling really well. I think I can't get out for the play. Ross: Really? Wh-what's wrong? Rachel: I don't know! I think it's kind of serious! Oh, you know... I was watching this thing on TV this morning about... Newcastle disease... and I think I might have it!! Charlie: Oh, Newcastle disease is a secretion borne virus that only affects chickens and... other poultry. Rachel: ... Ok, who is this? Ross: I'm sorry, Rachel, this is Charlie Wealer, she's a collegue. Rachel: Oh, hi! I would check your hand but... I'm sure you don't want to get my chicken disease! Monica: Hey, Rachel, Can-can I see you for a sec? Rachel: Sure! (Monica takes her apart) Oh... Monica: You're not sick! Rachel: What? Yes, I am! Monica: Ok, then, why are you... (she opens her robe revealing a nice black dress) all dressed up?? Rachel: When you're sick, you do whatever you can to make yourself feel better! (she closes her robe) Monica: You just wanna stay home so you can make a move on Joey! Rachel: Oh, no, no! I heard you before, that is so not what this is! Monica: Ok, what is this? Rachel: Ok! (whispering) Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof and he sent you guys to the play to get rid of you! Monica: (aloud) WHAT? Ross: (looking at them) Wh-what's going on? Monica: Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof! Rachel: And he didn't want you guys to know about it but I came over here to tell you!! Charlie: I thought you came to say you were sick. Rachel: Ok professor or detective? Phoebe: Joey's having a party and he wasn't gonna invite us? Rachel: Yeah, and he does it every year! That's why he's sending you to that play! That's why he sent us to that medieval restaurant and to that button factory! Phoebe: And that horrible museum tour! Ross: No, I arranged that... (Joey enters, wearing a bathrobe)Joey: (sounds tired) Hey you guys, I'm turning in. Have fun. Phoebe: We know about your party Joey. Joey: What party? Monica: The game's over! Take off your robe! Joey: (looks perplexed and opens up his robe) Ok... I mean... Everyone: No!! Cover it up!! Joey: (to Charlie after covering himself up again) Nice to meet ya! (Charlie waves hesitantly and Joey leaves) [Scene: The Roof] Joey: (To some people) Hey! Hey alright! Hey, glad you could make it (Shakes a man's hand) Thanks for coming. Monica: Oh my God! Kyle Lowder! Kyle Lowder: (to Monica) Hi. (walks on) Monica: (Yells after him) I love you! Joey: Hey, that's why I didn't invite you. you have to calm down, alright... go, go get yourself a drink or something... Monica: Oh yeah that's what you want - my inhibitions lowered. Phoebe: Hey! Monica: (Excited) Oh my God, can you believe we are surrounded by all this? I can barely control myself. Phoebe: Monica, you might want to remember that you are married. Where is Chandler anyway? (Looks around) Monica: (Shocked) Oh my God! Chandler! [Scene: The theater. Chandler is sitting in the otherwise empty front row, looking around nervously] Chandler: Where the hell is everybody? (The lights dim and Chandler tries to get away but as the bitter lady comes on stage and starts yelling he promptly changes his mind and sits down)Bitter lady: (yelling) Why don't you like me?! Chapter One: My first period. [Scene: The Roof, Rachel is talking to a guy who hands her a tissue with something written on it] Monica: (to Rachel) Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love". Rachel: Ok actually Mon, Matthew was just giving me his phone number. Monica: Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married! Matthew Ashford: It was nice to meet you Rachel. Rachel: Nice to meet you. Matthew Ashford: Call me. Rachel: Ok (Matthew leaves)Monica: (yelling after him) We will!! Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys! Rachel: Yeah! Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey? Rachel: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler! Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather) (cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Rachel enters the room and checks the answering machine)Jane: (from the answering machine) Hi Joey it's Jane Rogers, can't wait for your party tonight. Listen, I forgot your address, can you give me a call? Thanks, bye. Joey: (entering the room) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Joey: What's happenin'? Rachel: Yeah, it's a real shame you can't make it to that one-woman show tonight. Joey: Oh, I'd love to, but I gotta get up so early the next day and so, you know me, work comes first Rachel: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah... (she plays the answering machine) Message: "Hi Joey, it's Jane Rogers can't wait for your party tonight" (Joey's upset and stops it) Joey: (yelling) Stupid Jane Rogers!! Rachel: (angry) You are having a party tonight?? Joey: Kinda have a... a thing for the Days Of Our Life's people. Rachel: And you weren't going to tell us? How did you think you were gonna get away with that? Joey: I do it every year. Rachel: You do that every year?? Joey: I didn't have to tell you that!! I'm stupider than Jane Rogers!! Rachel: Oh, that's why you got these tickets to that play, to get rid of us?? Joey: Yeah... Rachel: And last year is that why you sent us to that medieval times restaurant? Joey: Yeah... Rachel: OH! And the year before that, when you set up that nighttime tour of that button factory? Joey: (Smiling) I can't believe you guys went for that one! Rachel: Joey, why wouldn't you invite us to your parties? Joey: You're fine, ok? But everyone else acts like an idiot around famous people! Rachel: Well, then so you just invite me...! Joey: (speaking aloud) Please, I was trying to be nice, you're the worst one! Rachel: Oh, Joey, come on! Please, please! Let me come, I will behave, I promise! I will behave! Please, please, please... Joey: Ok, ok! Fine! You can come, but don't tell anybody else. It's up on the roof at 8. Rachel: (yelling and jumping like a child) OH, a soap opera roof party!! I'm going to a soap opera roof party!! Oh my God, oh my God!! (realizing how she's behaving) And it's out of my system! [Scene: Ross, Charlie and Professor Spafford are sitting at the table in a restaurant] Professor Spafford: (speaking very slowly) And then my wife and I went on a cruise to the Galapagos. There was a sea food buffet you wouldn't believe. There were clams, and mussels, and oysters, and cracked crab, and snow crab, and king crab. It's a pity I'm allergic to shellfish. Ross: (very bored, he tries to avoid the conversation speaking to Charlie) So, where did you get your undergraduate degree? Professor Spafford: And that's not all I'm allergic to. Ross: (to Charlie) Oh, it's not over! Professor Spafford: I'm also allergic to peanuts, and cashews, and almonds, and filberts... Ross: So basically all nuts? Professor Spafford: Interestingly... no. Charlie: Kinda playing fast and loose with the word "interesting". Professor Spafford: If you'll excuse me I'm going to use the restroom. (he goes away) Charlie: Oh my God!! Ross: I've lost the will to live. Charlie: Let's ditch him! Ross: What? Charlie: Come on, he's still in the bathroom! I'm begging you! Ross: Oh... ok, fine. But... ehm... I just have one question for you, ehm... (aping Professor Spafford) When we exit should we walk, or run, or prance, or stroll... Charlie: Stop it, stop it! He talks slow but he might pee fast! Ok, let's go!! (they run outside) [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] Ross: (entering with Charlie) Oh, hey you guys! This is Charlie! Charlie, this is Phoebe and my sister, Monica. Phoebe: Hi! Ross: Yeah, Charlie is gonna be joining my department. Phoebe: Oh, you're a paleonthologist, too! (pause) Oh, ok, now, what do you think of Ranion's new theory of species' variegation in segmented arthopods? Charlie: Well, I think he's a little out there, but he does have some interesting ideas... Phoebe: Ah, ah. Charlie: (her mobile phone rings) Oh, I'm sorry. I'll take this. Excuse me. (she cuts herself off for a moment) Ross: (to Phoebe) Ranion's theory of species variegation? Phoebe: Yeah, I saw the article on your coffee table and I memorized the title to freak you out! Monica: (to Ross) So, did you two have fun? Ross: Oh my God, she's great! I mean, we-we have so much in common and she's just cool, and funny... Monica: And I don't know if you've noticed but she's a (aloud) HOTTY!! (Charlie looks at her) HI! Rachel: (she enters wearing a bath-robe) Hey... Hi you guys! Listen, you know what? I'm not feeling really well. I think I can't get out for the play. Ross: Really? Wh-what's wrong? Rachel: I don't know! I think it's kind of serious! Oh, you know... I was watching this thing on TV this morning about... Newcastle disease... and I think I might have it!! Charlie: Oh, Newcastle disease is a secretion borne virus that only affects chickens and... other poultry. Rachel: ... Ok, who is this? Ross: I'm sorry, Rachel, this is Charlie Wealer, she's a collegue. Rachel: Oh, hi! I would check your hand but... I'm sure you don't want to get my chicken disease! Monica: Hey, Rachel, Can-can I see you for a sec? Rachel: Sure! (Monica takes her apart) Oh... Monica: You're not sick! Rachel: What? Yes, I am! Monica: Ok, then, why are you... (she opens her robe revealing a nice black dress) all dressed up?? Rachel: When you're sick, you do whatever you can to make yourself feel better! (she closes her robe) Monica: You just wanna stay home so you can make a move on Joey! Rachel: Oh, no, no! I heard you before, that is so not what this is! Monica: Ok, what is this? Rachel: Ok! (whispering) Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof and he sent you guys to the play to get rid of you! Monica: (aloud) WHAT? Ross: (looking at them) Wh-what's going on? Monica: Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof! Rachel: And he didn't want you guys to know about it but I came over here to tell you!! Charlie: I thought you came to say you were sick. Rachel: Ok professor or detective? Phoebe: Joey's having a party and he wasn't gonna invite us? Rachel: Yeah, and he does it every year! That's why he's sending you to that play! That's why he sent us to that medieval restaurant and to that button factory! Phoebe: And that horrible museum tour! Ross: No, I arranged that... (Joey enters, wearing a bathrobe)Joey: (sounds tired) Hey you guys, I'm turning in. Have fun. Phoebe: We know about your party Joey. Joey: What party? Monica: The game's over! Take off your robe! Joey: (looks perplexed and opens up his robe) Ok... I mean... Everyone: No!! Cover it up!! Joey: (to Charlie after covering himself up again) Nice to meet ya! (Charlie waves hesitantly and Joey leaves) [Scene: The Roof] Joey: (To some people) Hey! Hey alright! Hey, glad you could make it (Shakes a man's hand) Thanks for coming. Monica: Oh my God! Kyle Lowder! Kyle Lowder: (to Monica) Hi. (walks on) Monica: (Yells after him) I love you! Joey: Hey, that's why I didn't invite you. you have to calm down, alright... go, go get yourself a drink or something... Monica: Oh yeah that's what you want - my inhibitions lowered. Phoebe: Hey! Monica: (Excited) Oh my God, can you believe we are surrounded by all this? I can barely control myself. Phoebe: Monica, you might want to remember that you are married. Where is Chandler anyway? (Looks around) Monica: (Shocked) Oh my God! Chandler! [Scene: The theater. Chandler is sitting in the otherwise empty front row, looking around nervously] Chandler: Where the hell is everybody? (The lights dim and Chandler tries to get away but as the bitter lady comes on stage and starts yelling he promptly changes his mind and sits down)Bitter lady: (yelling) Why don't you like me?! Chapter One: My first period. [Scene: The Roof, Rachel is talking to a guy who hands her a tissue with something written on it] Monica: (to Rachel) Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love". Rachel: Ok actually Mon, Matthew was just giving me his phone number. Monica: Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married! Matthew Ashford: It was nice to meet you Rachel. Rachel: Nice to meet you. Matthew Ashford: Call me. Rachel: Ok (Matthew leaves)Monica: (yelling after him) We will!! Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys! Rachel: Yeah! Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey? Rachel: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler! Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather) (cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Phoebe: Hi!
Phoebe: Oh, you're a paleonthologist, too! (pause) Oh, ok, now, what do you think of Ranion's new theory of species' variegation in segmented arthopods?
Phoebe: Ah, ah.
Phoebe: Yeah, I saw the article on your coffee table and I memorized the title to freak you out!
Phoebe: Joey's having a party and he wasn't gonna invite us?
Phoebe: And that horrible museum tour!
(Joey enters, wearing a bathrobe)Joey: (sounds tired) Hey you guys, I'm turning in. Have fun. Phoebe: We know about your party Joey. Joey: What party? Monica: The game's over! Take off your robe! Joey: (looks perplexed and opens up his robe) Ok... I mean... Everyone: No!! Cover it up!! Joey: (to Charlie after covering himself up again) Nice to meet ya! (Charlie waves hesitantly and Joey leaves) [Scene: The Roof] Joey: (To some people) Hey! Hey alright! Hey, glad you could make it (Shakes a man's hand) Thanks for coming. Monica: Oh my God! Kyle Lowder! Kyle Lowder: (to Monica) Hi. (walks on) Monica: (Yells after him) I love you! Joey: Hey, that's why I didn't invite you. you have to calm down, alright... go, go get yourself a drink or something... Monica: Oh yeah that's what you want - my inhibitions lowered. Phoebe: Hey! Monica: (Excited) Oh my God, can you believe we are surrounded by all this? I can barely control myself. Phoebe: Monica, you might want to remember that you are married. Where is Chandler anyway? (Looks around) Monica: (Shocked) Oh my God! Chandler! [Scene: The theater. Chandler is sitting in the otherwise empty front row, looking around nervously] Chandler: Where the hell is everybody? (The lights dim and Chandler tries to get away but as the bitter lady comes on stage and starts yelling he promptly changes his mind and sits down)Bitter lady: (yelling) Why don't you like me?! Chapter One: My first period. [Scene: The Roof, Rachel is talking to a guy who hands her a tissue with something written on it] Monica: (to Rachel) Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love". Rachel: Ok actually Mon, Matthew was just giving me his phone number. Monica: Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married! Matthew Ashford: It was nice to meet you Rachel. Rachel: Nice to meet you. Matthew Ashford: Call me. Rachel: Ok (Matthew leaves)Monica: (yelling after him) We will!! Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys! Rachel: Yeah! Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey? Rachel: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler! Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather) (cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Phoebe: We know about your party Joey.
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Monica, you might want to remember that you are married. Where is Chandler anyway? (Looks around)
(The lights dim and Chandler tries to get away but as the bitter lady comes on stage and starts yelling he promptly changes his mind and sits down)Bitter lady: (yelling) Why don't you like me?! Chapter One: My first period. [Scene: The Roof, Rachel is talking to a guy who hands her a tissue with something written on it] Monica: (to Rachel) Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love". Rachel: Ok actually Mon, Matthew was just giving me his phone number. Monica: Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married! Matthew Ashford: It was nice to meet you Rachel. Rachel: Nice to meet you. Matthew Ashford: Call me. Rachel: Ok (Matthew leaves)Monica: (yelling after him) We will!! Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys! Rachel: Yeah! Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey? Rachel: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler! Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather) (cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Matthew leaves)Monica: (yelling after him) We will!! Monica: (to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys! Rachel: Yeah! Monica: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey? Rachel: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler! Monica: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather) (cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(cut to Ross and Charlie)Ross: (to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Charlie: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone. Ross: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with. Ross: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? Charlie: Yeah... Ross: ... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Charlie: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man. Ross: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Charlie: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues... Ross: (very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Charlie: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him. Ross: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: A guy who won two. Ross: (a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Charlie: Yeah... for three years. Ross: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Charlie: (smiling and thinks for a moment)... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy. Ross: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Charlie: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant. Ross: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter) Phoebe: Hey Ross! Rache: How is it going with Charlie? Ross: (sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter? Ross: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Rachel: I always loved that!! Ross: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! (Rachel nods) Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Phoebe: Worse? Ross: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that? Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks) Ross: What? (turns around to look at Rachel) Rachel: Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves) [Scene: Chandler in the theater] Bitter lady: Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh? Chandler: (To himself) oh yes, God yes!! Bitter lady: (now yelling) Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. (Now standing right in front of Chandler and bending down almost to his level as if speaking to him, yelling even louder) How could he leave me?!?! Chandler: I... I don't know... you seem lovely. [Scene: The roof, Joey is walking towards Ross with a guy] Joey: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands) Ross: Nice to meet you. Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on? Ross: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. (Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Phoebe: Hey Ross!
Phoebe: Oh, What's the matter?
Phoebe: Worse?
Phoebe: (still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks)
(Dirk is confused)Joey: It's a science. Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. (Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Ross looks annoyed hearing that even Dirk's character won a Nobel prize)Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or... Ross: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs. Ross: I'd lead with that. (Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Cut to Monica holding up her shirt, revealing her bra. An actor stands beside her, holding a pen in his hand.)Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so). Joey: Monica! Monica: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! (Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Joey, resigned, walks to Rachel's table)Joey: (To Rachel) What have you got there? Ross: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers. Joey: Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty? Rachel: (drunken voice) I think I am. Joey: (browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. (Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Rachel is puzzled)Joey: (discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass... Rachel: (picking up the tissues) Why, why, what's wrong with these guys? Joey: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best. Rachel: Joey, you're so sweet. Joey: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight. Rachel: Who (looks around)? (Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Joey motions for Rachel to lean in. She does so.)Joey: Me. Rachel: (surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really? Joey: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke! Rachel: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five) Joey: Gotcha. Rachel: Oh, Very funny... Joey. (Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Joey leaves. Rachel gulps down what's left of her drink and grimaces.)(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Chandler walks in)Chandler: (to Monica) So, how did you enjoy the play? Monica: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry. Chandler: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Monica: You really liked it? Chandler: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained (bitter woman's tone) not to listen! (pause) But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Monica: Oh really! Chandler: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Monica: No! Chandler: Did somebody sign your bra? Monica: So I got it when I was 13... [Scene: At the counter. Ross is sitting there, drinking. Phoebe approaches him.] Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper? Ross: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize. Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd. Ross: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny... Ross: And sexy. Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that! Ross: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch! Ross: Stop going through my stuff (walks away)! (Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Phoebe: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper?
Phoebe: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know,  slum it with some average Joe Phd.
Phoebe: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny...
Phoebe: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that!
Phoebe: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch!
(Rachel approaches Monica)Rachel: (to Monica) Hey! Monica: Hey! Rachel: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey. Monica: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea. Rachel: Please, what about you and Chandler? Monica: That's different! I was drunk and stupid! Rachel: Well hello (points to herself)! Monica: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them? Rachel: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey! Monica: Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision. Rachel: (pause) I'm gonna do it. Monica: And I can't stop you. Rachel: No. (Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Rachel goes look for Joey. She sees him and Charlie kissing passionately.)Ross: (to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? (Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
(Rachel just stands there staring at Joey and Charlie in silence. After a while, Ross turns around and sees them.)Ross: I'm smarter than him! Closing credits[Scene: The theater. Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are sitting in the first line] Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler. Chandler: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Monica: Oh, you're so wonderful. Bitter woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period. Chandler: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away). 
Phoebe: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler.
Phoebe: Wow, Joey and a professor! Can you imagine if they had kids    and if the kids got her intelligence and Joey's raw sexual magnetism... Oh,    those nerds will get laaaaaid!
(Joey and Charlie enter. Ross looks at her)    Ross: Oh, God. I forgot how hot she was! Joey: Hey! All: Hi! Ross: I'm gonna get some more coffee. Charlie: Oh, you know what? I'll come with you! Ross: Ok. (they both go) Chandler: (to Joey) So, a professor, uh? Joey: Yeah! She is cool, and she's so smart! Her mind is totally acrimonious    (which, being Joey, he mispronounces "amonious"). (pause) That's not    how she used it...? Charlie: (talking to Ross) I feel like I owe you an explanation. I don't    ordinarily go around kissing guys at parties. I'm... well, I'm kind of embarrassed.    I really hope you don't think less of me. Ross: Uhm no! Think less of you! No, I don't think less of you. I mean,    you saw someone you liked and you kissed them. I mean, those people who like    someone and don't kiss them... those-those people are stupid, I hate those people. Charlie: You know, actually I'm a little surprised to myself. I mean,    Joey is so different from the guys I usually date. I mean, they're all professors,    and intellectuals, and paleontologists mostly, you    know, very cerebral... Ross: Yeah, I know the type. Joey: Hey, if you wanna grab a bite before work we'd better get acrimonious.    No? Am I getting close? Opening credits [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment] Phoebe: (entering) Hey! Monica: Hey! Phoebe: Hey you guys! Look what I just got. (she shows them a pair of    slippers) Rachel: Oh, OH! Wow, I love those! Where did you get them? Phoebe: I bought them off Ebay! They used to belong to the late Shania    Twain. Rachel: (after a pause) Phoebe, Shania Twain is still alive! Phoebe: Oh... then I overpaid. (she goes to the bathroom) Monica: Hey, what's this? Rachel: Oh, it's a gift certificate to this new SPA in SOHO. Monica: Oh, you can't show Phoebe this! She hates those corporate massage    chains. Rachel: Ah, why, now I can't get a massage? There are so many things    that she disapproves of! I can't eat veal, I can't wear fur, I can't go hunting... Monica: Do you wanna go hunting? Rachel: Well, I would like to have the option!! Phoebe: (coming back from the bathroom) What's up? (she sees the gift    certificate in Rachel's hands) Hey, Rachel!! Rachel: Oh! Phoebe: No, you can't go there! You know how I feel about these "big    massage places"! They're putting people like me out of business! Monica: And she wants to go hunting, too!! Rachel: Phoebe, come on, I don't wanna waste it! It would be like throwing    away a hundred bucks! Phoebe: Ok, this is not about the MONEY, ok? It's about... it's    about corporate greed destroying our hearts and leaving us... the hollow shells. Rachel: I don't care about any of that!! Phoebe: Well, do you care about friendship? Rachel: Oh! Phoebe: I feel really strongly about this, Rachel. Please, don't use    this gift certificate. I'm asking you as a friend. Rachel: Oh, not as a friend, Phoebe!! Fine, I won't use it! Phoebe: Promise? Rachel: I promise. Phoebe: Thank you. (she tears up the gift certificate) Rachel: But I am going hunting!! [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] Monica: (entering) Hey honey! I missed you today! Chandler: Oh, yeah? Monica: Yeah. (they kiss) What d'you wanna do tonight? Chandler: Oh, well... Maybe we could... (he sweeps the stuff off the    table and wordlessly invites Monica to have sex on it) Monica: Ok, trying to turn me on by making a mess? Know your audience!    Besides, tomorrow we're doing those fertility tests and until then you need    to keep your tadpoles in the tank. Chandler: We really need to take those tests? Monica: Honey, we've been trying to have a baby for over a year. I think    it's a good idea to find out if everything's ok. Just a few routine tests. Chandler: But I don't wanna do it in a cup! Monica: What is the big deal? Chandler: It's weird! In a doctor's office? Monica: It's not ok to do it in a doctor's office but it is ok to do    it in a parked car behind a Taco Bell? Chandler: (embarrassed) I cannot believe Ross told you that! (pause)    And in my defense, it was a Wendy's! Monica: Look, I don't wanna do this test either, but I really do think    it's a good idea! Chandler: Yeah, ok. I'm sure that doctor's office can't be worst than    on a class trip to the Hershey's factory! Monica: (really embarrassed) OH! Chandler: Oh, yeah! RACHEL TALKS TOO! [Scene: Joey's apartment] Joey: (sipping red wine from a glass) Who says that wine has to cost    more than milk! (somebody knocks the door, Joey opens and it's Charlie)  Joey: Heeey! Charlie: Hi! Joey: Come on in, how are ya? Charlie: I'm good! Joey: Can I offer you a drink? Charlie: Please, I've been crazed all day! I had a meeting with    the Dean, and my syllabus for summer school is due and I'm writing the Foreword    for a friend's book... Joey: Uh-oh. I hade a pretty hectic day at work too, today I had to    open a door and go (looking scared) ohhhh! Charlie: So I am just so excited to be    here. And I can't wait to start exploring the city! Joey: Hey, if you need a tour guide... (point to himself) Charlie: Oh, you mean it? That would be so fun! Joey: Yeah, definitely, definitely. Ok, what do you wanna see first? Charlie: Oh, well, we can go see the Chronos Quartet at the Avery Fisher    Hall. Joey: (looking puzzled and nodding) Ok! Charlie: And there is a collection of Walt Whitman letters on display    at the public library. Joey: I know, yeah! Charlie: And first, I have to see the MET! Joey: Ok, let me stop you right there. The Mets suck, ok? You wanna    see the Yankees. Charlie: No, no, no, not the Mets, the MET, singular! Joey: Which one, they all suck! Charlie: The museum! Joey: (looking puzzled) I don't think so. [Scene: SPA massage center, Rachel enters] Rachel: (to the receptionist) Hi there! Receptionist: (in an affected tone) Hello, welcome to Lavender Day Spa    SPA. How may I help you? Rachel: Oh, hi. I have a massage appointment under Rachel Green, and    here is my gift certificate. Receptionist: This has been torn up. Rachel: And... taped back together. Receptionist: Ok well, I'll call you as    soon as your massage therapist is ready. Rachel: Ok Receptionist: Have a seat through the glass doors. Rachel: (imitating the receptionist's tone) through the glass doors. Receptionist: Through the glass doors. Rachel: Alright-y then. (Phoebe enters the hall)  Receptionist: Phoebe, your next client's in the waiting room. Phoebe: Ok. Do we have to talk like that then they're not around? (She    sees Rachel) Oh, no, no! Listen, is there someone    who can fill in for me? Receptionist: Sorry, everyone is booked! Phoebe: But that woman can't know I work    here. She's a friend of mine and I made this big stink about how awful this    massage chains are. Receptionist: Then why you work here? Phoebe: 'Cause it's good money! But that doesn't change the fact that    this is an evil blood sucking corporate machine! Receptionist: Well, I think this is a great place to work! Phoebe: (watching around and whispering) Ok, are they listening? [Scene: Central Perk] (Joey walks in and moves towards Ross, who's sitting of the sofa)  Joey: Ross! Ross: Hi! Joey: I need to talk to you about Charlie. Ross: (annoyed) Oh, do you, do you really? Joey: Yeah, I'm... I'm kind of having a little problem. Ross: Look, if you don't know what the word "acrimonious"    means, just don't use it! Joey: No, look, you know Charlie, right? She's cool, she's funny, her    body is soo... Ross: Get to the problem! Joey: Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've    ever dated! Combined! I don't want her to think I'm stupid! Ross: (looking down) Are you wearing two belts? Joey: (checking) EH, what do you know! Ross: You were saying you didn't want to seem stupid. Joey: Right, right, right, well, she wants to go to all this cultural    places and I don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out! Ross: You know, I really don't want to    get involved in you guy's relationship. Joey: Please, c'mon, you're the smartest person I know and I really    like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose her. Ross: (after a short hesitation) Fine. Joey: Thanks. Ross: Ok. Let's see. Oh, you should take her to the MET! Joey: The Metsss! Ross: Oh, no! The MET! The Metropolitan Museum of Art. Joey: (realizing) Oh, that's what she meant! (pause) You know, if they're    gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You know, short for museum,    and avoid all the confusion! Ross: Yeah, most of it it's a place  packed with confused angry    baseball fans! Joey: Ok, all right, so I'll take her to the MET. Ross: Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore    on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves architecture,    you know what you should do? You should take a walk down fifth to the    Saint Patrick's Cathedral and there there's this great little pastry shop that    she'd love. Joey: Geez, sounds like you should be going on this date! Ross: But I'm not! (pause). You know what if you're in the mood for    Thai food... Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go way too    fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET, ok? Ross: Ok. Joey: You got to tell me exactly what to do there. Ross: Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities    wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, up to the Byzantine Empire. Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make    the right (and he bends his arm to the left. Ross then bends Joey's arm to the    right and Joey nods) [Scene: doctor's waiting room] Chandler: I have a weird feeling about this place. (pause) How do I    know that they are not gonna secretly videotape me and put it all over the internet. Monica: Because, honey, I mean this in the sweetest way possible, nobody    is gonna wanna watch that. (a nurse walks in) Nurse: Mr. Bing? (Chandler jumps up) Here you are! You'll go into that    room and deposit your specimen into the container. Chandler: Deposit my specimen? You know,    usually I have to call a  900 number for that kind    of talk. Thanks, got it. Monica: Hey, honey, my test is down the hall, are you sure you're going    to be ok? Chandler: Yeah, I guess! Monica: I know this is embarrassing, but nobody cares! No one here even    knows you! Janice: OH MY GOD!! Chandler: Oh, Come on! Commercial Break Janice: Ah ahahahhahaa! How great is this! Monica: Hey, we're probably fertile, let's go home! Chandler: Why are you here? Janice: Well, Sid and I are trying again and we had trouble last time    because apparently we... Chandler: (to Heaven) No no no... I mean, why? why is    she here?? Janice: Oh! Someone's a little cranky today cuz    they have to do it in a cup! (laughs) Oh! They gave you the kiddy size (looking    at the cup in his hand). Chandler: What!? (Janice does her "Janice Laugh")  Monica: This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!    (leaves) Chandler: I'd love to stay, but I have eh... (points at the cup) got    a hot date... (starts to leave) Janice: Please... go! (Then shouts after him) Just let me know if you    need a hand! Chandler: (disgusted) I think it just fell off. (Leaves) [Scene: At the Spa, Phoebe is at the half-opened door] Phoebe: (In a strange heavy accent) Hello "ja", it's time    for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole. Rachel: Wow, a Swedish massage from a real Swedish person. (Puts her    head in the hole and Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Okay, then I'm Swedish... Monica: So, what's your name? Phoebe: It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea... Rachel: Oh... what an interesting name. Phoebe: Ja! Rachel: You know I... (lifts her head and tries to look in Phoebe's    direction) Phoebe: (pushes her head back down) Time for your scalp massage! Rachel: (Sees Phoebe's slippers through the hole) Wow... I really love    your... (startled as she realizes those are Phoebe's slippers) Phoebe: Is something wrong? Rachel: No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... (pause)    Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden? Phoebe: (Thinks for a few moments) Uhm... Stockholm. Rachel: Damn! I wish I knew if that was right! [Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Ross in the living room,    rehearsing what Joey will say to Charlie in the Museum] Joey: (gesturing at an imaginary painting) Note the painterly    lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors    as his elusive subject was light itself. Ross: Now, do you have any idea what you just said? Joey: (shaking his head as if to say: of course not!) No, no, my mouth    says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks! Ross: Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt    M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out phonetically for you. Joey: Phonetically? (Looks confused) Ross: Yeah, yeah that means... you know? We just... we don't have time    for this. Joey: Ok. Ross: Ok, but you know what? I gotta say,    I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly! Joey: Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days"    I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy". Ross: Wow. What does that mean? Joey: No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I    guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear". Ross: Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance? Joey: Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish    of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! (Reaches out to touch the    imaginary painting). Ross: Nah ah! Nah ah! (stops him form doing so) No no no! No ad-libbing    and dude, you can't touch the paintings. Joey: Come on! you... (reaches out to touch the imaginary painting again) Ross: No! (Slaps his hand) [Scene: The Fertility Clinic; Chandler walks out one of the rooms] Chandler: (To the nurse at the nurses' station) My specimen is in the    room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there.    Really helped speed the process along! (walks towards the common area and sees    Janice is still there) Janice! You're not... gone? Janice: Oh! Sid is still in his room. I don't allow porn at home so    this is like a vacation for him. So did you do it? Did you make your deposit? Chandler: Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over! Janice: That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes    next, I mean aren't you worried about the results? Chandler: I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet...    I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok. Janice: Oh! Well, you know what? It probably is. Chandler: (Slightly panicky) Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there    is a reason why we can't have a baby? Janice: Oh, Chandler, look. You and Monica are meant to have children.    I am sure it's gonna be just fine. Chandler: (smiling again) oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe    I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to...    come here and do... 'that'... Janice: What, you can do it in the parking lot of a Taco Bell, but you    can't do it at a doctor's office? Chandler: (stares at her intently, then yells) It was a "Wendy's!!    " [Scene: Phoebe and Rachel at the Spa. Phoebe is still massaging    Rachel] Phoebe: (Singing) "Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is    the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking! (looks annoyed) Rachel: Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have    a friend who is a masseuse. Phoebe: Oh, Ja! Ja! Rachel: Yah! She's... uhm... not very good though... (Phoebe looks devastated) Phoebe: Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is? Rachel: I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy    fingers from playing crummy guitar... Phoebe: Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're    such a high maintenance tight ass! Rachel: (now lifts her head) Phoebe!! Phoebe: You know it's me? Rachel: For like a half an hour! Man, you can lie about Sweden! Phoebe: How can you come here? Rachel: How could you not tell me you worked here? Phoebe: I don't have to tell you everything! Rachel: Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel guilty for getting    a free massage! Phoebe: Tips not included. Rachel: Oh! Phoebe, why did you lie to me about working here? Phoebe: Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then    they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know...    you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh!    paying taxes! Rachel: Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there    right now and quit! Be true to what you believe in! Honey, you have principles    and I so admire that! I don't have any! Phoebe: You know what? You are right. I am gonna quit. It's time    I took my life back! Rachel: Good for you Pheebs! Phoebe: Ok. Phoebe: Okay (walks out and closes the door behind her, looks up and    whispers) If you guys have microphones in there too, I didn't mean any    of that. I love you. [Scene: Central Perk. Ross is playing some shoot'em up game on    his laptop] Ross: Haha! Got ya! Die, die, die! (Charlie walks in.)  Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor    R. Geller. (hits &lt;return&gt;, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the    sofa) Hey! Charlie: Hi! Ross: Hey, how was the Met? Charlie: The museum was amazing! Ross: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh? Charlie: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to    say, and some of it didn't even make any sense. Ross: What do you mean? Charlie: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere    around. Ross: (perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked    into the Met, did you go to the right? Charlie: No, we went to the left. Ross: (shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like    you guys are having a great time together. Charlie: Yeah, it's fun (hesitating). Ross: What? Charlie: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really    know me that well; it would be weird. Ross: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on. Charlie: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy    to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common    with. You know what I mean? Ross: (slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey    a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about    art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else. Charlie: Yeah, I guess that's true. Ross: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all    that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You    know, that's the kind of guy Joey is. Charlie: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot! Ross: That was going to be my next argument. (Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!
Phoebe: Hey you guys! Look what I just got. (she shows them a pair of    slippers)
Phoebe: I bought them off Ebay! They used to belong to the late Shania    Twain.
Phoebe: Oh... then I overpaid. (she goes to the bathroom)
Phoebe: (coming back from the bathroom) What's up? (she sees the gift    certificate in Rachel's hands) Hey, Rachel!!
Phoebe: No, you can't go there! You know how I feel about these "big    massage places"! They're putting people like me out of business!
Phoebe: Ok, this is not about the MONEY, ok? It's about... it's    about corporate greed destroying our hearts and leaving us... the hollow shells.
Phoebe: Well, do you care about friendship?
Phoebe: I feel really strongly about this, Rachel. Please, don't use    this gift certificate. I'm asking you as a friend.
Phoebe: Promise?
Phoebe: Thank you. (she tears up the gift certificate)
(somebody knocks the door, Joey opens and it's Charlie)  Joey: Heeey! Charlie: Hi! Joey: Come on in, how are ya? Charlie: I'm good! Joey: Can I offer you a drink? Charlie: Please, I've been crazed all day! I had a meeting with    the Dean, and my syllabus for summer school is due and I'm writing the Foreword    for a friend's book... Joey: Uh-oh. I hade a pretty hectic day at work too, today I had to    open a door and go (looking scared) ohhhh! Charlie: So I am just so excited to be    here. And I can't wait to start exploring the city! Joey: Hey, if you need a tour guide... (point to himself) Charlie: Oh, you mean it? That would be so fun! Joey: Yeah, definitely, definitely. Ok, what do you wanna see first? Charlie: Oh, well, we can go see the Chronos Quartet at the Avery Fisher    Hall. Joey: (looking puzzled and nodding) Ok! Charlie: And there is a collection of Walt Whitman letters on display    at the public library. Joey: I know, yeah! Charlie: And first, I have to see the MET! Joey: Ok, let me stop you right there. The Mets suck, ok? You wanna    see the Yankees. Charlie: No, no, no, not the Mets, the MET, singular! Joey: Which one, they all suck! Charlie: The museum! Joey: (looking puzzled) I don't think so. [Scene: SPA massage center, Rachel enters] Rachel: (to the receptionist) Hi there! Receptionist: (in an affected tone) Hello, welcome to Lavender Day Spa    SPA. How may I help you? Rachel: Oh, hi. I have a massage appointment under Rachel Green, and    here is my gift certificate. Receptionist: This has been torn up. Rachel: And... taped back together. Receptionist: Ok well, I'll call you as    soon as your massage therapist is ready. Rachel: Ok Receptionist: Have a seat through the glass doors. Rachel: (imitating the receptionist's tone) through the glass doors. Receptionist: Through the glass doors. Rachel: Alright-y then. (Phoebe enters the hall)  Receptionist: Phoebe, your next client's in the waiting room. Phoebe: Ok. Do we have to talk like that then they're not around? (She    sees Rachel) Oh, no, no! Listen, is there someone    who can fill in for me? Receptionist: Sorry, everyone is booked! Phoebe: But that woman can't know I work    here. She's a friend of mine and I made this big stink about how awful this    massage chains are. Receptionist: Then why you work here? Phoebe: 'Cause it's good money! But that doesn't change the fact that    this is an evil blood sucking corporate machine! Receptionist: Well, I think this is a great place to work! Phoebe: (watching around and whispering) Ok, are they listening? [Scene: Central Perk] (Joey walks in and moves towards Ross, who's sitting of the sofa)  Joey: Ross! Ross: Hi! Joey: I need to talk to you about Charlie. Ross: (annoyed) Oh, do you, do you really? Joey: Yeah, I'm... I'm kind of having a little problem. Ross: Look, if you don't know what the word "acrimonious"    means, just don't use it! Joey: No, look, you know Charlie, right? She's cool, she's funny, her    body is soo... Ross: Get to the problem! Joey: Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've    ever dated! Combined! I don't want her to think I'm stupid! Ross: (looking down) Are you wearing two belts? Joey: (checking) EH, what do you know! Ross: You were saying you didn't want to seem stupid. Joey: Right, right, right, well, she wants to go to all this cultural    places and I don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out! Ross: You know, I really don't want to    get involved in you guy's relationship. Joey: Please, c'mon, you're the smartest person I know and I really    like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose her. Ross: (after a short hesitation) Fine. Joey: Thanks. Ross: Ok. Let's see. Oh, you should take her to the MET! Joey: The Metsss! Ross: Oh, no! The MET! The Metropolitan Museum of Art. Joey: (realizing) Oh, that's what she meant! (pause) You know, if they're    gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You know, short for museum,    and avoid all the confusion! Ross: Yeah, most of it it's a place  packed with confused angry    baseball fans! Joey: Ok, all right, so I'll take her to the MET. Ross: Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore    on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves architecture,    you know what you should do? You should take a walk down fifth to the    Saint Patrick's Cathedral and there there's this great little pastry shop that    she'd love. Joey: Geez, sounds like you should be going on this date! Ross: But I'm not! (pause). You know what if you're in the mood for    Thai food... Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go way too    fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET, ok? Ross: Ok. Joey: You got to tell me exactly what to do there. Ross: Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities    wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, up to the Byzantine Empire. Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make    the right (and he bends his arm to the left. Ross then bends Joey's arm to the    right and Joey nods) [Scene: doctor's waiting room] Chandler: I have a weird feeling about this place. (pause) How do I    know that they are not gonna secretly videotape me and put it all over the internet. Monica: Because, honey, I mean this in the sweetest way possible, nobody    is gonna wanna watch that. (a nurse walks in) Nurse: Mr. Bing? (Chandler jumps up) Here you are! You'll go into that    room and deposit your specimen into the container. Chandler: Deposit my specimen? You know,    usually I have to call a  900 number for that kind    of talk. Thanks, got it. Monica: Hey, honey, my test is down the hall, are you sure you're going    to be ok? Chandler: Yeah, I guess! Monica: I know this is embarrassing, but nobody cares! No one here even    knows you! Janice: OH MY GOD!! Chandler: Oh, Come on! Commercial Break Janice: Ah ahahahhahaa! How great is this! Monica: Hey, we're probably fertile, let's go home! Chandler: Why are you here? Janice: Well, Sid and I are trying again and we had trouble last time    because apparently we... Chandler: (to Heaven) No no no... I mean, why? why is    she here?? Janice: Oh! Someone's a little cranky today cuz    they have to do it in a cup! (laughs) Oh! They gave you the kiddy size (looking    at the cup in his hand). Chandler: What!? (Janice does her "Janice Laugh")  Monica: This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!    (leaves) Chandler: I'd love to stay, but I have eh... (points at the cup) got    a hot date... (starts to leave) Janice: Please... go! (Then shouts after him) Just let me know if you    need a hand! Chandler: (disgusted) I think it just fell off. (Leaves) [Scene: At the Spa, Phoebe is at the half-opened door] Phoebe: (In a strange heavy accent) Hello "ja", it's time    for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole. Rachel: Wow, a Swedish massage from a real Swedish person. (Puts her    head in the hole and Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Okay, then I'm Swedish... Monica: So, what's your name? Phoebe: It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea... Rachel: Oh... what an interesting name. Phoebe: Ja! Rachel: You know I... (lifts her head and tries to look in Phoebe's    direction) Phoebe: (pushes her head back down) Time for your scalp massage! Rachel: (Sees Phoebe's slippers through the hole) Wow... I really love    your... (startled as she realizes those are Phoebe's slippers) Phoebe: Is something wrong? Rachel: No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... (pause)    Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden? Phoebe: (Thinks for a few moments) Uhm... Stockholm. Rachel: Damn! I wish I knew if that was right! [Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Ross in the living room,    rehearsing what Joey will say to Charlie in the Museum] Joey: (gesturing at an imaginary painting) Note the painterly    lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors    as his elusive subject was light itself. Ross: Now, do you have any idea what you just said? Joey: (shaking his head as if to say: of course not!) No, no, my mouth    says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks! Ross: Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt    M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out phonetically for you. Joey: Phonetically? (Looks confused) Ross: Yeah, yeah that means... you know? We just... we don't have time    for this. Joey: Ok. Ross: Ok, but you know what? I gotta say,    I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly! Joey: Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days"    I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy". Ross: Wow. What does that mean? Joey: No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I    guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear". Ross: Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance? Joey: Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish    of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! (Reaches out to touch the    imaginary painting). Ross: Nah ah! Nah ah! (stops him form doing so) No no no! No ad-libbing    and dude, you can't touch the paintings. Joey: Come on! you... (reaches out to touch the imaginary painting again) Ross: No! (Slaps his hand) [Scene: The Fertility Clinic; Chandler walks out one of the rooms] Chandler: (To the nurse at the nurses' station) My specimen is in the    room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there.    Really helped speed the process along! (walks towards the common area and sees    Janice is still there) Janice! You're not... gone? Janice: Oh! Sid is still in his room. I don't allow porn at home so    this is like a vacation for him. So did you do it? Did you make your deposit? Chandler: Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over! Janice: That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes    next, I mean aren't you worried about the results? Chandler: I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet...    I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok. Janice: Oh! Well, you know what? It probably is. Chandler: (Slightly panicky) Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there    is a reason why we can't have a baby? Janice: Oh, Chandler, look. You and Monica are meant to have children.    I am sure it's gonna be just fine. Chandler: (smiling again) oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe    I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to...    come here and do... 'that'... Janice: What, you can do it in the parking lot of a Taco Bell, but you    can't do it at a doctor's office? Chandler: (stares at her intently, then yells) It was a "Wendy's!!    " [Scene: Phoebe and Rachel at the Spa. Phoebe is still massaging    Rachel] Phoebe: (Singing) "Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is    the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking! (looks annoyed) Rachel: Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have    a friend who is a masseuse. Phoebe: Oh, Ja! Ja! Rachel: Yah! She's... uhm... not very good though... (Phoebe looks devastated) Phoebe: Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is? Rachel: I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy    fingers from playing crummy guitar... Phoebe: Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're    such a high maintenance tight ass! Rachel: (now lifts her head) Phoebe!! Phoebe: You know it's me? Rachel: For like a half an hour! Man, you can lie about Sweden! Phoebe: How can you come here? Rachel: How could you not tell me you worked here? Phoebe: I don't have to tell you everything! Rachel: Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel guilty for getting    a free massage! Phoebe: Tips not included. Rachel: Oh! Phoebe, why did you lie to me about working here? Phoebe: Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then    they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know...    you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh!    paying taxes! Rachel: Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there    right now and quit! Be true to what you believe in! Honey, you have principles    and I so admire that! I don't have any! Phoebe: You know what? You are right. I am gonna quit. It's time    I took my life back! Rachel: Good for you Pheebs! Phoebe: Ok. Phoebe: Okay (walks out and closes the door behind her, looks up and    whispers) If you guys have microphones in there too, I didn't mean any    of that. I love you. [Scene: Central Perk. Ross is playing some shoot'em up game on    his laptop] Ross: Haha! Got ya! Die, die, die! (Charlie walks in.)  Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor    R. Geller. (hits &lt;return&gt;, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the    sofa) Hey! Charlie: Hi! Ross: Hey, how was the Met? Charlie: The museum was amazing! Ross: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh? Charlie: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to    say, and some of it didn't even make any sense. Ross: What do you mean? Charlie: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere    around. Ross: (perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked    into the Met, did you go to the right? Charlie: No, we went to the left. Ross: (shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like    you guys are having a great time together. Charlie: Yeah, it's fun (hesitating). Ross: What? Charlie: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really    know me that well; it would be weird. Ross: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on. Charlie: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy    to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common    with. You know what I mean? Ross: (slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey    a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about    art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else. Charlie: Yeah, I guess that's true. Ross: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all    that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You    know, that's the kind of guy Joey is. Charlie: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot! Ross: That was going to be my next argument. (Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
(Phoebe enters the hall)  Receptionist: Phoebe, your next client's in the waiting room. Phoebe: Ok. Do we have to talk like that then they're not around? (She    sees Rachel) Oh, no, no! Listen, is there someone    who can fill in for me? Receptionist: Sorry, everyone is booked! Phoebe: But that woman can't know I work    here. She's a friend of mine and I made this big stink about how awful this    massage chains are. Receptionist: Then why you work here? Phoebe: 'Cause it's good money! But that doesn't change the fact that    this is an evil blood sucking corporate machine! Receptionist: Well, I think this is a great place to work! Phoebe: (watching around and whispering) Ok, are they listening? [Scene: Central Perk] (Joey walks in and moves towards Ross, who's sitting of the sofa)  Joey: Ross! Ross: Hi! Joey: I need to talk to you about Charlie. Ross: (annoyed) Oh, do you, do you really? Joey: Yeah, I'm... I'm kind of having a little problem. Ross: Look, if you don't know what the word "acrimonious"    means, just don't use it! Joey: No, look, you know Charlie, right? She's cool, she's funny, her    body is soo... Ross: Get to the problem! Joey: Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've    ever dated! Combined! I don't want her to think I'm stupid! Ross: (looking down) Are you wearing two belts? Joey: (checking) EH, what do you know! Ross: You were saying you didn't want to seem stupid. Joey: Right, right, right, well, she wants to go to all this cultural    places and I don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out! Ross: You know, I really don't want to    get involved in you guy's relationship. Joey: Please, c'mon, you're the smartest person I know and I really    like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose her. Ross: (after a short hesitation) Fine. Joey: Thanks. Ross: Ok. Let's see. Oh, you should take her to the MET! Joey: The Metsss! Ross: Oh, no! The MET! The Metropolitan Museum of Art. Joey: (realizing) Oh, that's what she meant! (pause) You know, if they're    gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You know, short for museum,    and avoid all the confusion! Ross: Yeah, most of it it's a place  packed with confused angry    baseball fans! Joey: Ok, all right, so I'll take her to the MET. Ross: Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore    on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves architecture,    you know what you should do? You should take a walk down fifth to the    Saint Patrick's Cathedral and there there's this great little pastry shop that    she'd love. Joey: Geez, sounds like you should be going on this date! Ross: But I'm not! (pause). You know what if you're in the mood for    Thai food... Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go way too    fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET, ok? Ross: Ok. Joey: You got to tell me exactly what to do there. Ross: Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities    wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, up to the Byzantine Empire. Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make    the right (and he bends his arm to the left. Ross then bends Joey's arm to the    right and Joey nods) [Scene: doctor's waiting room] Chandler: I have a weird feeling about this place. (pause) How do I    know that they are not gonna secretly videotape me and put it all over the internet. Monica: Because, honey, I mean this in the sweetest way possible, nobody    is gonna wanna watch that. (a nurse walks in) Nurse: Mr. Bing? (Chandler jumps up) Here you are! You'll go into that    room and deposit your specimen into the container. Chandler: Deposit my specimen? You know,    usually I have to call a  900 number for that kind    of talk. Thanks, got it. Monica: Hey, honey, my test is down the hall, are you sure you're going    to be ok? Chandler: Yeah, I guess! Monica: I know this is embarrassing, but nobody cares! No one here even    knows you! Janice: OH MY GOD!! Chandler: Oh, Come on! Commercial Break Janice: Ah ahahahhahaa! How great is this! Monica: Hey, we're probably fertile, let's go home! Chandler: Why are you here? Janice: Well, Sid and I are trying again and we had trouble last time    because apparently we... Chandler: (to Heaven) No no no... I mean, why? why is    she here?? Janice: Oh! Someone's a little cranky today cuz    they have to do it in a cup! (laughs) Oh! They gave you the kiddy size (looking    at the cup in his hand). Chandler: What!? (Janice does her "Janice Laugh")  Monica: This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!    (leaves) Chandler: I'd love to stay, but I have eh... (points at the cup) got    a hot date... (starts to leave) Janice: Please... go! (Then shouts after him) Just let me know if you    need a hand! Chandler: (disgusted) I think it just fell off. (Leaves) [Scene: At the Spa, Phoebe is at the half-opened door] Phoebe: (In a strange heavy accent) Hello "ja", it's time    for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole. Rachel: Wow, a Swedish massage from a real Swedish person. (Puts her    head in the hole and Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Okay, then I'm Swedish... Monica: So, what's your name? Phoebe: It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea... Rachel: Oh... what an interesting name. Phoebe: Ja! Rachel: You know I... (lifts her head and tries to look in Phoebe's    direction) Phoebe: (pushes her head back down) Time for your scalp massage! Rachel: (Sees Phoebe's slippers through the hole) Wow... I really love    your... (startled as she realizes those are Phoebe's slippers) Phoebe: Is something wrong? Rachel: No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... (pause)    Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden? Phoebe: (Thinks for a few moments) Uhm... Stockholm. Rachel: Damn! I wish I knew if that was right! [Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Ross in the living room,    rehearsing what Joey will say to Charlie in the Museum] Joey: (gesturing at an imaginary painting) Note the painterly    lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors    as his elusive subject was light itself. Ross: Now, do you have any idea what you just said? Joey: (shaking his head as if to say: of course not!) No, no, my mouth    says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks! Ross: Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt    M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out phonetically for you. Joey: Phonetically? (Looks confused) Ross: Yeah, yeah that means... you know? We just... we don't have time    for this. Joey: Ok. Ross: Ok, but you know what? I gotta say,    I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly! Joey: Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days"    I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy". Ross: Wow. What does that mean? Joey: No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I    guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear". Ross: Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance? Joey: Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish    of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! (Reaches out to touch the    imaginary painting). Ross: Nah ah! Nah ah! (stops him form doing so) No no no! No ad-libbing    and dude, you can't touch the paintings. Joey: Come on! you... (reaches out to touch the imaginary painting again) Ross: No! (Slaps his hand) [Scene: The Fertility Clinic; Chandler walks out one of the rooms] Chandler: (To the nurse at the nurses' station) My specimen is in the    room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there.    Really helped speed the process along! (walks towards the common area and sees    Janice is still there) Janice! You're not... gone? Janice: Oh! Sid is still in his room. I don't allow porn at home so    this is like a vacation for him. So did you do it? Did you make your deposit? Chandler: Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over! Janice: That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes    next, I mean aren't you worried about the results? Chandler: I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet...    I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok. Janice: Oh! Well, you know what? It probably is. Chandler: (Slightly panicky) Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there    is a reason why we can't have a baby? Janice: Oh, Chandler, look. You and Monica are meant to have children.    I am sure it's gonna be just fine. Chandler: (smiling again) oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe    I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to...    come here and do... 'that'... Janice: What, you can do it in the parking lot of a Taco Bell, but you    can't do it at a doctor's office? Chandler: (stares at her intently, then yells) It was a "Wendy's!!    " [Scene: Phoebe and Rachel at the Spa. Phoebe is still massaging    Rachel] Phoebe: (Singing) "Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is    the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking! (looks annoyed) Rachel: Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have    a friend who is a masseuse. Phoebe: Oh, Ja! Ja! Rachel: Yah! She's... uhm... not very good though... (Phoebe looks devastated) Phoebe: Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is? Rachel: I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy    fingers from playing crummy guitar... Phoebe: Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're    such a high maintenance tight ass! Rachel: (now lifts her head) Phoebe!! Phoebe: You know it's me? Rachel: For like a half an hour! Man, you can lie about Sweden! Phoebe: How can you come here? Rachel: How could you not tell me you worked here? Phoebe: I don't have to tell you everything! Rachel: Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel guilty for getting    a free massage! Phoebe: Tips not included. Rachel: Oh! Phoebe, why did you lie to me about working here? Phoebe: Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then    they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know...    you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh!    paying taxes! Rachel: Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there    right now and quit! Be true to what you believe in! Honey, you have principles    and I so admire that! I don't have any! Phoebe: You know what? You are right. I am gonna quit. It's time    I took my life back! Rachel: Good for you Pheebs! Phoebe: Ok. Phoebe: Okay (walks out and closes the door behind her, looks up and    whispers) If you guys have microphones in there too, I didn't mean any    of that. I love you. [Scene: Central Perk. Ross is playing some shoot'em up game on    his laptop] Ross: Haha! Got ya! Die, die, die! (Charlie walks in.)  Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor    R. Geller. (hits &lt;return&gt;, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the    sofa) Hey! Charlie: Hi! Ross: Hey, how was the Met? Charlie: The museum was amazing! Ross: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh? Charlie: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to    say, and some of it didn't even make any sense. Ross: What do you mean? Charlie: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere    around. Ross: (perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked    into the Met, did you go to the right? Charlie: No, we went to the left. Ross: (shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like    you guys are having a great time together. Charlie: Yeah, it's fun (hesitating). Ross: What? Charlie: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really    know me that well; it would be weird. Ross: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on. Charlie: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy    to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common    with. You know what I mean? Ross: (slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey    a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about    art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else. Charlie: Yeah, I guess that's true. Ross: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all    that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You    know, that's the kind of guy Joey is. Charlie: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot! Ross: That was going to be my next argument. (Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
Phoebe: Ok. Do we have to talk like that then they're not around? (She    sees Rachel) Oh, no, no! Listen, is there someone    who can fill in for me?
Phoebe: But that woman can't know I work    here. She's a friend of mine and I made this big stink about how awful this    massage chains are.
Phoebe: 'Cause it's good money! But that doesn't change the fact that    this is an evil blood sucking corporate machine!
Phoebe: (watching around and whispering) Ok, are they listening?
(Joey walks in and moves towards Ross, who's sitting of the sofa)  Joey: Ross! Ross: Hi! Joey: I need to talk to you about Charlie. Ross: (annoyed) Oh, do you, do you really? Joey: Yeah, I'm... I'm kind of having a little problem. Ross: Look, if you don't know what the word "acrimonious"    means, just don't use it! Joey: No, look, you know Charlie, right? She's cool, she's funny, her    body is soo... Ross: Get to the problem! Joey: Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've    ever dated! Combined! I don't want her to think I'm stupid! Ross: (looking down) Are you wearing two belts? Joey: (checking) EH, what do you know! Ross: You were saying you didn't want to seem stupid. Joey: Right, right, right, well, she wants to go to all this cultural    places and I don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out! Ross: You know, I really don't want to    get involved in you guy's relationship. Joey: Please, c'mon, you're the smartest person I know and I really    like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose her. Ross: (after a short hesitation) Fine. Joey: Thanks. Ross: Ok. Let's see. Oh, you should take her to the MET! Joey: The Metsss! Ross: Oh, no! The MET! The Metropolitan Museum of Art. Joey: (realizing) Oh, that's what she meant! (pause) You know, if they're    gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You know, short for museum,    and avoid all the confusion! Ross: Yeah, most of it it's a place  packed with confused angry    baseball fans! Joey: Ok, all right, so I'll take her to the MET. Ross: Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore    on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves architecture,    you know what you should do? You should take a walk down fifth to the    Saint Patrick's Cathedral and there there's this great little pastry shop that    she'd love. Joey: Geez, sounds like you should be going on this date! Ross: But I'm not! (pause). You know what if you're in the mood for    Thai food... Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go way too    fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET, ok? Ross: Ok. Joey: You got to tell me exactly what to do there. Ross: Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities    wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, up to the Byzantine Empire. Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make    the right (and he bends his arm to the left. Ross then bends Joey's arm to the    right and Joey nods) [Scene: doctor's waiting room] Chandler: I have a weird feeling about this place. (pause) How do I    know that they are not gonna secretly videotape me and put it all over the internet. Monica: Because, honey, I mean this in the sweetest way possible, nobody    is gonna wanna watch that. (a nurse walks in) Nurse: Mr. Bing? (Chandler jumps up) Here you are! You'll go into that    room and deposit your specimen into the container. Chandler: Deposit my specimen? You know,    usually I have to call a  900 number for that kind    of talk. Thanks, got it. Monica: Hey, honey, my test is down the hall, are you sure you're going    to be ok? Chandler: Yeah, I guess! Monica: I know this is embarrassing, but nobody cares! No one here even    knows you! Janice: OH MY GOD!! Chandler: Oh, Come on! Commercial Break Janice: Ah ahahahhahaa! How great is this! Monica: Hey, we're probably fertile, let's go home! Chandler: Why are you here? Janice: Well, Sid and I are trying again and we had trouble last time    because apparently we... Chandler: (to Heaven) No no no... I mean, why? why is    she here?? Janice: Oh! Someone's a little cranky today cuz    they have to do it in a cup! (laughs) Oh! They gave you the kiddy size (looking    at the cup in his hand). Chandler: What!? (Janice does her "Janice Laugh")  Monica: This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!    (leaves) Chandler: I'd love to stay, but I have eh... (points at the cup) got    a hot date... (starts to leave) Janice: Please... go! (Then shouts after him) Just let me know if you    need a hand! Chandler: (disgusted) I think it just fell off. (Leaves) [Scene: At the Spa, Phoebe is at the half-opened door] Phoebe: (In a strange heavy accent) Hello "ja", it's time    for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole. Rachel: Wow, a Swedish massage from a real Swedish person. (Puts her    head in the hole and Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Okay, then I'm Swedish... Monica: So, what's your name? Phoebe: It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea... Rachel: Oh... what an interesting name. Phoebe: Ja! Rachel: You know I... (lifts her head and tries to look in Phoebe's    direction) Phoebe: (pushes her head back down) Time for your scalp massage! Rachel: (Sees Phoebe's slippers through the hole) Wow... I really love    your... (startled as she realizes those are Phoebe's slippers) Phoebe: Is something wrong? Rachel: No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... (pause)    Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden? Phoebe: (Thinks for a few moments) Uhm... Stockholm. Rachel: Damn! I wish I knew if that was right! [Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Ross in the living room,    rehearsing what Joey will say to Charlie in the Museum] Joey: (gesturing at an imaginary painting) Note the painterly    lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors    as his elusive subject was light itself. Ross: Now, do you have any idea what you just said? Joey: (shaking his head as if to say: of course not!) No, no, my mouth    says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks! Ross: Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt    M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out phonetically for you. Joey: Phonetically? (Looks confused) Ross: Yeah, yeah that means... you know? We just... we don't have time    for this. Joey: Ok. Ross: Ok, but you know what? I gotta say,    I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly! Joey: Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days"    I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy". Ross: Wow. What does that mean? Joey: No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I    guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear". Ross: Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance? Joey: Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish    of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! (Reaches out to touch the    imaginary painting). Ross: Nah ah! Nah ah! (stops him form doing so) No no no! No ad-libbing    and dude, you can't touch the paintings. Joey: Come on! you... (reaches out to touch the imaginary painting again) Ross: No! (Slaps his hand) [Scene: The Fertility Clinic; Chandler walks out one of the rooms] Chandler: (To the nurse at the nurses' station) My specimen is in the    room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there.    Really helped speed the process along! (walks towards the common area and sees    Janice is still there) Janice! You're not... gone? Janice: Oh! Sid is still in his room. I don't allow porn at home so    this is like a vacation for him. So did you do it? Did you make your deposit? Chandler: Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over! Janice: That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes    next, I mean aren't you worried about the results? Chandler: I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet...    I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok. Janice: Oh! Well, you know what? It probably is. Chandler: (Slightly panicky) Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there    is a reason why we can't have a baby? Janice: Oh, Chandler, look. You and Monica are meant to have children.    I am sure it's gonna be just fine. Chandler: (smiling again) oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe    I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to...    come here and do... 'that'... Janice: What, you can do it in the parking lot of a Taco Bell, but you    can't do it at a doctor's office? Chandler: (stares at her intently, then yells) It was a "Wendy's!!    " [Scene: Phoebe and Rachel at the Spa. Phoebe is still massaging    Rachel] Phoebe: (Singing) "Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is    the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking! (looks annoyed) Rachel: Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have    a friend who is a masseuse. Phoebe: Oh, Ja! Ja! Rachel: Yah! She's... uhm... not very good though... (Phoebe looks devastated) Phoebe: Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is? Rachel: I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy    fingers from playing crummy guitar... Phoebe: Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're    such a high maintenance tight ass! Rachel: (now lifts her head) Phoebe!! Phoebe: You know it's me? Rachel: For like a half an hour! Man, you can lie about Sweden! Phoebe: How can you come here? Rachel: How could you not tell me you worked here? Phoebe: I don't have to tell you everything! Rachel: Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel guilty for getting    a free massage! Phoebe: Tips not included. Rachel: Oh! Phoebe, why did you lie to me about working here? Phoebe: Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then    they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know...    you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh!    paying taxes! Rachel: Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there    right now and quit! Be true to what you believe in! Honey, you have principles    and I so admire that! I don't have any! Phoebe: You know what? You are right. I am gonna quit. It's time    I took my life back! Rachel: Good for you Pheebs! Phoebe: Ok. Phoebe: Okay (walks out and closes the door behind her, looks up and    whispers) If you guys have microphones in there too, I didn't mean any    of that. I love you. [Scene: Central Perk. Ross is playing some shoot'em up game on    his laptop] Ross: Haha! Got ya! Die, die, die! (Charlie walks in.)  Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor    R. Geller. (hits &lt;return&gt;, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the    sofa) Hey! Charlie: Hi! Ross: Hey, how was the Met? Charlie: The museum was amazing! Ross: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh? Charlie: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to    say, and some of it didn't even make any sense. Ross: What do you mean? Charlie: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere    around. Ross: (perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked    into the Met, did you go to the right? Charlie: No, we went to the left. Ross: (shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like    you guys are having a great time together. Charlie: Yeah, it's fun (hesitating). Ross: What? Charlie: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really    know me that well; it would be weird. Ross: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on. Charlie: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy    to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common    with. You know what I mean? Ross: (slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey    a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about    art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else. Charlie: Yeah, I guess that's true. Ross: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all    that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You    know, that's the kind of guy Joey is. Charlie: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot! Ross: That was going to be my next argument. (Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
(Janice does her "Janice Laugh")  Monica: This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!    (leaves) Chandler: I'd love to stay, but I have eh... (points at the cup) got    a hot date... (starts to leave) Janice: Please... go! (Then shouts after him) Just let me know if you    need a hand! Chandler: (disgusted) I think it just fell off. (Leaves) [Scene: At the Spa, Phoebe is at the half-opened door] Phoebe: (In a strange heavy accent) Hello "ja", it's time    for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole. Rachel: Wow, a Swedish massage from a real Swedish person. (Puts her    head in the hole and Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Okay, then I'm Swedish... Monica: So, what's your name? Phoebe: It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea... Rachel: Oh... what an interesting name. Phoebe: Ja! Rachel: You know I... (lifts her head and tries to look in Phoebe's    direction) Phoebe: (pushes her head back down) Time for your scalp massage! Rachel: (Sees Phoebe's slippers through the hole) Wow... I really love    your... (startled as she realizes those are Phoebe's slippers) Phoebe: Is something wrong? Rachel: No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... (pause)    Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden? Phoebe: (Thinks for a few moments) Uhm... Stockholm. Rachel: Damn! I wish I knew if that was right! [Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Ross in the living room,    rehearsing what Joey will say to Charlie in the Museum] Joey: (gesturing at an imaginary painting) Note the painterly    lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors    as his elusive subject was light itself. Ross: Now, do you have any idea what you just said? Joey: (shaking his head as if to say: of course not!) No, no, my mouth    says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks! Ross: Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt    M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out phonetically for you. Joey: Phonetically? (Looks confused) Ross: Yeah, yeah that means... you know? We just... we don't have time    for this. Joey: Ok. Ross: Ok, but you know what? I gotta say,    I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly! Joey: Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days"    I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy". Ross: Wow. What does that mean? Joey: No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I    guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear". Ross: Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance? Joey: Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish    of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! (Reaches out to touch the    imaginary painting). Ross: Nah ah! Nah ah! (stops him form doing so) No no no! No ad-libbing    and dude, you can't touch the paintings. Joey: Come on! you... (reaches out to touch the imaginary painting again) Ross: No! (Slaps his hand) [Scene: The Fertility Clinic; Chandler walks out one of the rooms] Chandler: (To the nurse at the nurses' station) My specimen is in the    room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there.    Really helped speed the process along! (walks towards the common area and sees    Janice is still there) Janice! You're not... gone? Janice: Oh! Sid is still in his room. I don't allow porn at home so    this is like a vacation for him. So did you do it? Did you make your deposit? Chandler: Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over! Janice: That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes    next, I mean aren't you worried about the results? Chandler: I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet...    I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok. Janice: Oh! Well, you know what? It probably is. Chandler: (Slightly panicky) Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there    is a reason why we can't have a baby? Janice: Oh, Chandler, look. You and Monica are meant to have children.    I am sure it's gonna be just fine. Chandler: (smiling again) oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe    I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to...    come here and do... 'that'... Janice: What, you can do it in the parking lot of a Taco Bell, but you    can't do it at a doctor's office? Chandler: (stares at her intently, then yells) It was a "Wendy's!!    " [Scene: Phoebe and Rachel at the Spa. Phoebe is still massaging    Rachel] Phoebe: (Singing) "Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is    the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking! (looks annoyed) Rachel: Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have    a friend who is a masseuse. Phoebe: Oh, Ja! Ja! Rachel: Yah! She's... uhm... not very good though... (Phoebe looks devastated) Phoebe: Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is? Rachel: I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy    fingers from playing crummy guitar... Phoebe: Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're    such a high maintenance tight ass! Rachel: (now lifts her head) Phoebe!! Phoebe: You know it's me? Rachel: For like a half an hour! Man, you can lie about Sweden! Phoebe: How can you come here? Rachel: How could you not tell me you worked here? Phoebe: I don't have to tell you everything! Rachel: Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel guilty for getting    a free massage! Phoebe: Tips not included. Rachel: Oh! Phoebe, why did you lie to me about working here? Phoebe: Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then    they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know...    you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh!    paying taxes! Rachel: Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there    right now and quit! Be true to what you believe in! Honey, you have principles    and I so admire that! I don't have any! Phoebe: You know what? You are right. I am gonna quit. It's time    I took my life back! Rachel: Good for you Pheebs! Phoebe: Ok. Phoebe: Okay (walks out and closes the door behind her, looks up and    whispers) If you guys have microphones in there too, I didn't mean any    of that. I love you. [Scene: Central Perk. Ross is playing some shoot'em up game on    his laptop] Ross: Haha! Got ya! Die, die, die! (Charlie walks in.)  Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor    R. Geller. (hits &lt;return&gt;, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the    sofa) Hey! Charlie: Hi! Ross: Hey, how was the Met? Charlie: The museum was amazing! Ross: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh? Charlie: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to    say, and some of it didn't even make any sense. Ross: What do you mean? Charlie: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere    around. Ross: (perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked    into the Met, did you go to the right? Charlie: No, we went to the left. Ross: (shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like    you guys are having a great time together. Charlie: Yeah, it's fun (hesitating). Ross: What? Charlie: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really    know me that well; it would be weird. Ross: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on. Charlie: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy    to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common    with. You know what I mean? Ross: (slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey    a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about    art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else. Charlie: Yeah, I guess that's true. Ross: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all    that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You    know, that's the kind of guy Joey is. Charlie: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot! Ross: That was going to be my next argument. (Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
Phoebe: (In a strange heavy accent) Hello "ja", it's time    for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole.
Phoebe: Okay, then I'm Swedish...
Phoebe: It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea...
Phoebe: Ja!
Phoebe: (pushes her head back down) Time for your scalp massage!
Phoebe: Is something wrong?
Phoebe: (Thinks for a few moments) Uhm... Stockholm.
Phoebe: (Singing) "Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is    the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking! (looks annoyed)
Phoebe: Oh, Ja! Ja!
Phoebe: Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is?
Phoebe: Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're    such a high maintenance tight ass!
Phoebe: You know it's me?
Phoebe: How can you come here?
Phoebe: I don't have to tell you everything!
Phoebe: Tips not included.
Phoebe: Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then    they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know...    you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh!    paying taxes!
Phoebe: You know what? You are right. I am gonna quit. It's time    I took my life back!
Phoebe: Ok.
Phoebe: Okay (walks out and closes the door behind her, looks up and    whispers) If you guys have microphones in there too, I didn't mean any    of that. I love you.
(Charlie walks in.)  Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor    R. Geller. (hits &lt;return&gt;, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the    sofa) Hey! Charlie: Hi! Ross: Hey, how was the Met? Charlie: The museum was amazing! Ross: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh? Charlie: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to    say, and some of it didn't even make any sense. Ross: What do you mean? Charlie: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere    around. Ross: (perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked    into the Met, did you go to the right? Charlie: No, we went to the left. Ross: (shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like    you guys are having a great time together. Charlie: Yeah, it's fun (hesitating). Ross: What? Charlie: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really    know me that well; it would be weird. Ross: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on. Charlie: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy    to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common    with. You know what I mean? Ross: (slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey    a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about    art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else. Charlie: Yeah, I guess that's true. Ross: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all    that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You    know, that's the kind of guy Joey is. Charlie: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot! Ross: That was going to be my next argument. (Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
(Joey walks in)  Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey! Charlie: Hey! Joey: (to Charlie) You're ready? Charlie: Yeah, let's go. (stands up and kisses Joey) (to Ross) Thanks    Ross. Joey: (aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me    up. Ross: Glad I could help man. Joey: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna    be, but... (confidently) I made it work. [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa,    reading the newspaper.] Chandler: (picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited    his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. (phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
(phone rings)  Chandler: Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here    but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile    fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause)    Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up) (Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
(Monica walks in)  Monica: Hey sweetie. Chandler: Doctor Connelly just called. Monica: With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course    it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called".    If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just    called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem    with me or with you? Chandler: Actually it's both of us. Monica: What? Chandler: Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable    environment. Monica: Oh... what does that mean? Chandler: It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers    and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It    means... Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's    a good chance this may never happen for us. Monica: (weeping) Oh my God! Chandler: I'm sorry. Monica: I'm sorry too. (they hug)  Chandler: Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out. Monica: (still weeping) I know. Closing credits [Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in] Receptionist: Good morning Phoebe. Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist. Receptionist: Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is    in room No. 1. Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back? (Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
Phoebe: (imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist.
Phoebe: Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back?
(Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)  Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy. End 
Phoebe: (through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for    your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy.
Phoebe: (entering and talking on mobile phone) Ok, great! All right, bye! (she hangs up) Pain in the ass!! (she looks at the others, then back at the phone) That's off, right?
Phoebe: Oh... Mike's sister just invited me to a party tonight, he's gonna be there. And she was like "Oh, don't worry! I asked him. He's totally ok with seeing you!". So now I have to go so he'll think that I'm totally ok with seeing him!
Phoebe: Exactly!
Phoebe: (after a short pause) I didn't even think about that! (pause) Aaargh, sexual politics!!
Phoebe: Ok, that'll be great!
Phoebe: Oh, I'll take some of that.
Phoebe: No, I know, this way when I go to the party later Mike will know I am over him cause I'm gonna smell like another guy. (to the shop assistant) Yeah.
Phoebe: Ok. Oh good, I'm dating a Russian cab driver. (to the shop assistant). Seriously does anyone buy this? I smell like beets!
Phoebe: (picks up a dress) Hey Rach, will you come with me to a dressing room?
Phoebe: Ok!
Phoebe: So what were you doing out there, do you not like Charlie?
Phoebe: Why?
Phoebe: Who else?
Phoebe: You like Joey?
Phoebe: (whispering) Oh my God!
Phoebe: Uh, wow! Isn't it ironic that he liked you and now you like him?
Phoebe: Oh well, as long as it is under control, you know, you can't do anything about it, he's already dating her, and she is a nice person, that wouldn't be right.
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: Sure!
Phoebe: Oh.
Phoebe: Any chance Charlie has a deaf twin?
Phoebe: Well, maybe she didn't hear! Ok I'm gonna go into that dressing room, you stay in here and I'll talk and see if you can hear me.
Phoebe: (sticks her head out) I didn't say anything yet!
Phoebe: (goes back in) I'm Rachel. It's so annoying when I put Emma on the phone to talk with my friends.
Phoebe: (comes out too) Well, some things are just hard to say to your face.
Phoebe: Ooh! We have a problem.
Phoebe: Good plan.
Phoebe: Oh! I'm sorry Rachel, I don't have time for your childish games, ok? I still have to go find something incredible to wear so I can beat Mike at "who's more over who"! (at which she walks away)
Phoebe: Are you sure? Because I'm really dreading going to this party.
Phoebe: Mike knows I'm coming, and if I don't show up he'll think it's because of him! And I don't want to lose face! That's a very serious thing in my culture.
Phoebe: You got it! Ok. But not on the wine that you made, ok, because I just don't want to go back to the Emergency Room.
Phoebe: David?
Phoebe: Oh my God! (they hug)
Phoebe: Yeah. What-what are you doing here?
Phoebe: What happened?
Phoebe: Yeah?
Phoebe: Well, it's great that you're back! How are you?
Phoebe: Good!
Phoebe: (disappointed) Oh, good for you.
Phoebe: Mike and I broke up.
Phoebe: Really?
Phoebe: I understand. Yeah. Ok so then ok, so we're both living in New York, not seeing anyone. That's so not like us!
Phoebe: Well... (pause) no.
Phoebe: I'd love to.
Phoebe: Ok. (they walk away together)
Phoebe: Oh, got it, stay upwind of me.
Phoebe: I think David would probably wanna hear a few lectures.
Phoebe: No, no, because, you know, he's been in Minsk for 8 years and if he gets too much direct sunlight, he'll die.
Phoebe: Oh, I should go, too. Oh, now... tomorrow do you guys wanna share a cab to the airport or should Mike and I just meet you there.
Phoebe: Mike?? Who's Mike?
Phoebe: That's right! Oh, yeah... Well, I've totally forgotten about im! AH! That's-That's... a blast from the past!
Phoebe: Really, it doesn't mean anything. I mean, you know, Monica refers to Chandler as Richard all the time!
Phoebe: I'm sooo sorry!! I just... I keep thinking about Mike! I'm crazy about David, and we're having so much fun together. Why-Why do I miss Mike? That's-that's gonna go away, right?
Phoebe: Yeah.
Phoebe: You just did it again. Chandler, your feelings for Chandler are certainly gone!
Phoebe: (shouts after David) Oh! David, get one for us too! Oh, oh, and see if they have a heart-shaped one! And with mirrors on the ceiling!
Phoebe: Not Joey.
Phoebe: Yeah?
Phoebe: Are you leaving "The Supremes"? (Monica and Phoebe go to one side)
Phoebe: Wow? Really? That's fantastic!
Phoebe: Oh, ok, you want me to marry Mike? Alright, well, let's just gag him and handcuff him and force him down the aisle. I can just see it: "Mike, do you take Phoebe..." (gestures with her hand as if someone is covering her mouth and tries to shout "No! No!") You know, it's every girl's dream!
Phoebe: Sure! Look, ok, bottom line: I love Mike... David! David. I love David. Don't look at me that way, Roseanne Rosannadanna!
Phoebe: Sure, ok, yeah.
Phoebe: Oh my God, Mike!
Phoebe: No, Mike's here.
Phoebe: What are you, what are you doing here?
Phoebe: (smiles at him happily for a few seconds before answering) No!
Phoebe: I love you. But I never needed a proposal from you. I just needed to know that we were headed somewhere, you know, that we had a future.
Phoebe: David, I'm so sorry, I'm sorry.
Phoebe: Yeah, I might have said yes, but that would have been wrong.
Phoebe: Yes! (they hug)
Phoebe: Well, on the bright side, now you won't have to see all these paleontologists with their shirts off. (Grabs a drink and notices that the two men are upset) Not you guys. You got it going on!
Phoebe: ... and...?
Phoebe: All right, all right... I'll play if we don't keep score!
Phoebe: Nobody wins!
Phoebe: Yeah, I'm out.
Phoebe: Mike, you don't know, you don't know what you're doing!
Phoebe: No idea! I though he was soft like you!
Phoebe: (picks up a coin from her bra) Monica, you call it.
Phoebe: Tails!
Phoebe: (smiling proudly) He was a lawyer!
Phoebe: (looking at Mike) Oh, yeah! (turning to Chandler) Are you telling me you... you're not even... a little turned on by Monica, right now?
Phoebe: C'mon Mike, you can beat her! Knock that dog off her head!
Phoebe: (pointing at Mike and shouting) I sleep with him!
Phoebe: (to Mike) Ok Mike, better come back Mike, better come back.
Phoebe: Mike wins?
Phoebe: You can't do that!
Phoebe: Ok, we're taking that paddle home, mister.
Phoebe: It's like watching porn!
Phoebe: Damn it woman, pull yourself together! Have     some pride, for the love of God.
Written by: Brian Buckner   Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment] Chandler: So, you and Rachel tonight, huh? Joey: Yeah. It's actually our first official date  Chandler: Wow! So tonight may be the night! You're nervous? Joey: Naa, no. This is the part I'm actually good at. Chandler: What must it be like not to be crippled by fear   and self-loathing. Joey: (pause) It's OK! Chandler: How can you be so confident? Joey: Well, I... I know exactly what I'm gonna do! Chandler: Really? Like you have a routine? Joey: No, no no no no. See. Each woman is different.You have   to appreciate their uniqueness. Chandler: Really? Joey: No, I do six things! First, I look deep in her eyes.   Then, I kiss her. Next I take my hand and I softly graze her thigh. Chandler: You mean like this? (he starts touching his thigh   in a funny and awkard way) Joey: NO! Not like that, no no. No, like this. (He starts   lightly grazing Chandler's thigh) Chandler: Oh, I see what you mean, that's quite nice. (They   look at each other, both embarassed) Joey: More foosball? Chandler: ...and beer!!  OPENING CREDITS  [Scene:Central Perk. Ross and Chandler are on the couch] Monica: (entering) Hey! Ross and Chandler: Hey! Monica: (to Chandler) Hey sweetie! (they   kiss) Ross: (looking at Monica's legs) WOW! Chandler: Hey! Stop staring at my wife's legs! No no! Stop   staring at your sister's legs! Ross: I'm sorry, it's just... how did you get so tan? Chandler: She went on one of those spray-on tan places. Ross: Eh, you got a spray-on tan? Monica: Chandler gets pedicures! Ross: (laughing) Why, why you do, like with the-the toe separators? Chandler: (To Monica) Why...why? Ross: Still, I can't believe that's sprayed on... I mean,   it looks really good. I wonder if I should get one! Chandler: Sure, then you should get a mini skirt so you can   really show it off. Ross: So, do you get colours or just French tips? Monica: There. Here's their card. Ross: Thanks. (he takes the card) Hey, I know where this   place is! It used to be an X-rated video... (pauses when he realizes what he   is saying) florist. (he goes away) (Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Hey! Chandler: Hey Pheebs! Monica: Hey Phoebe! Phoebe: Oh, you won't believe who moved back to town. Monica: I know, Amanda! Ah! She called me   too! She's the worst! Chandler: Who's Amanda? Monica: She's this girl who used to live   in the building before you did. Then she moved to England and she picked up   this fake British accent. On the machine this is her message. (she apes Amanda   using an awful British accent) "Monica, darling! It's Amanda calling!" Chandler: Are you trying to do a British accent? Monica: (pause) (to Phoebe) Chandler gets   pedicures! Chandler: Just so I know, how many more of those can I expect? Phoebe: You know what Amanda said to me when she got me on   the phone? (apes Amanda in a british accent) "Oh, so sorry to catch you   on your Mo-Bile!" If-if you don't wanna get me on my mo-Bile, don't call   me on my mo-Bile!" Monica: I know, and she's always bragging   about all the famous people she's met. Phoebe: Oh, I know! "Oh...I slept with Billy Joel".   All right, who hasn't? Monica: Oh, what are we gonna do! I don't   wanna see her!! Phoebe: Ugh, Let's just cut her out! Monica: What? Phoebe: Cut her out of our lives! Just ignore her calls and   dodge her 'till she gets the point! Monica: Oh, I guess we could try that, but...   it seems so harsh! (to Chandler) Have you ever done that? Chandler: No, had it done to me though. Feels good !  [Scene: At the tanning salon. Ross and a male assistant are   walking through a hall] Assistant: Alright Mr. Geller! Right this way! So, how dark do you wanna be? We have one, two or three. Ross: Well... I like how you look, what are you? Assistant: Puerto Rican. Ross: Two, I think a two. Assistant: You've got to face the red light.   When the red light goes on the spraying is about to start so close your eyes.   When the spraying stops, count to five. Pat yourself down to avoid drip marks   then turn around so we can get your back. Got it? Ross: Spray, count, pat, then turn, spray, count and pat. Assistant: Wow, you catch on quick. Ross: Well, I have a PhD, so... (assistant walk out, not   impressed by this statement)   (Ross takes his bathrobe off and he enters the tanning booth. He stands up   in front of the red light and the sprayer starts and sprays his face and torso) Ross: One Mississipi, two Mississipi, Three Mis...(the sprayer   starts again, spraying him in the face and torso again) WAIT! WAIT! I'm not-I've   not finished counting!! (he leaves the booth) (the assistant enters the room) Ross: You sprayed my front twice! Assistant: You've never turned?  Ross: No, I barely even   got to three Mississippi.  Assistant: Mississippi? I said count to   five'! Ross: Mississippilesly? (pause) Well, how   bad is it? Assistant: Ain't that bad yet, but it keeps   getting darker for the next four hours. Ross: So, how dark is it   gonna get? Assistant: You got sprayed with two two'   s and... Ross: I'm a four? Assistant: Yeah, but you're back's a zero.   You're gonna wanna even that out. Ross: (sarcastically) Really! Assistant: You might wanna get back in there. Ross: (annoyed) Ok! (The assistant leaves and Ross goes back in the spray-on tan booth and turns   his back to the spray nozzles, facing the back wall) Ross: Wait, wait a minute, there's no light   on the back wall! How do I know when it's gonna start? Hello? (he slowly turns   and the spraying begins, on his face) Ah, oh, ah! (he turns, but then he turns   again and is sprayed in the front again) Ah! (he spits and angrily goes out   of the spray-on tan booth and the assistant enters the room) The same thing   happened again! Assistant: You got two more twos? Ross: (hysterically) I'm an eight! [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Joey and Rachel enter the room] Rachel: Thanks for dinner. Joey: I thought you paid. (Rachel does not answer and seems   puzzled) Ha, guess we won’t be going back there! Rachel: So. Joey: Yeah. (Joey and Rachel start kissing) Joey: Hey what do you say, we move this onto the likes of   the couch? Rachel: I say ‘cheesy line’, but ok. (They move on the couch and start kissing again. Joey does his grazing on   Rachel’s thigh and she slaps his hand) Joey: What’s the matter? Rachel: I am sorry, I don’t know, I am sorry, I don’t   know why I did that! Joey and Rachel: Okay Rachel: Ok, so sorry. (They start kissing again and, when Joey grazes her thigh, she slaps him on   his hand again) Rachel: I am sorry! Again... I don't know, I don’t   know what happened, I must be nervous! Joey: I don’t get it, Chandler loved it! Rachel: Ok, ok, ok. I promise, I promise, I promise, I won’t   do it again. I really do. I promise. This is gonna be great. Joey: Ok. (They start kissing again and when Joey grazes, she slaps him three times,   on the hand, and on both cheeks) Joey: (a little giddy) Uh, was that good for you? [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Monica and Phoebe are reading   magazines when the phone rings and Phoebe reaches to pick it up] Monica: (to Phoebe) No, no, don’t get it. Let the machine pick up. Phoebe: Oh, yeah. Could be Rachel asking if someone could   baby-sit again. Monica: It could be Amanda! Phoebe: Oh, you’re right! I was just kidding about   Rachel. Babysitting is a gas! (The machine picks up the phone) Amanda: Hello Monica. It’s Amanda calling again. I   am in the neighborhood hoping I can pop by your flat! Monica: You're from Yonkers! Your last name   is Buffo-Martisis! Amanda: Let’s see.. to assure you get this directly,   ring me back on my mobile. Phoebe: Ok, don’t hold thy breath! (Sound of dialing numbers is heard from the speaker of the machine) Chandler: Hello? Is someone on the line? Amanda: Yes, I was looking for Monica. Chandler: Hang on, she’s right here. (he enters the   living room and hands the phone to Monica) Someone's on the phone, for ya. Monica: We weren’t picking up, it’s   Amanda! Chandler: (to Amanda) I get pedicures! Monica: Hi Amanda! Actually now... it’s...   is not a good time. Dinner tomorrow night? (Phoebe mouths 'no') Ok, Phoebe   and I will see you then! Phoebe: Why, why, why didn’t you just say no! Monica: Well, I said 'no' to her coming   over now! I couldn’t say 'no' twice! I get this uncontrollable need to   please people! Phoebe: (leaving) Fine, fine! You would not hold up well   under torture! Monica: And you would? Phoebe: I did! [scene: Joey’s apartment. Joey and Rachel are sitting   on the couch] Joey: Rach, you sure you wanna do this? Rachel: Absolutely! Absolutely. I d... it’s just a   little weird, it’s you, and it’s me, it's just gonna take some   getting used to. Joey: Ok. Well, how, how can we make it easier? Rachel: Ok, let’s work from the top down! (Joey nods,   but then puzzled because he does not get it) Just work the bra, Joe! Joey: Ok, yeah, got it. Rachel and Joey: Okay. (They start kissing and Joey starts to undo her bra, but fails completely) Joey: This thing welded shut?! Rachel: Okay. Joey: All right, turn around, I got to get a look at this   thing. Rachel: Oh! (Joey starts trying to undo her bra, but it won’t go.The elastic band   snaps back, hurting Rachel.) Rachel: Ow! Joey: Sorry! Rachel: Well this is romantic! Joey: I'm sorry! (He stands up) This never happened to me   before! I'm an expert at taking off bras! I can do it with one hand! I can   do it with my eyes closed! One time I just looked at one, and it popped open!   I blame your bra! Rachel: It’s a standard issue bra clasp! Joey: Then I blame you! Yeah! That's right! You threw me   off with all your slapping! Rachel: Ok well, well I'm really, I'm sorry about that Joey,   but do you think that maybe on some level, you don't want to take   off my bra? Joey: (contemplates for a few moments what Rachel just said)   NAH! I don't have another level!!  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] (Chandler is at the table reading; Monica puts some food for him on the table. Ross walks in looking very tanned. Chandler and Monica look up at him smiling.)  Chandler: Hold on! There is something different. Ross: I went to that tanning place your wife suggested. Chandler: Was that place... The Sun? Ross: Oh! And it gets worse! (Turns his side to Chandler   and Monica and pulls up his shirt. There's a distinct line across his body,   where his belly is very tanned and his back is very pale.) Chandler: Oh My God! You can do a duet of Ebony and Ivory   all by yourself! Monica: How could you mess this up? It's   so easy? You go into the booth, you count to five and you turn around!! Ross: (looks at her suspiciously) How do you count to five? Monica: One Two Three... Ross: (Yells) Damnit! (Goes to the door to leave. Rachel   just enters, sees him and starts laughing) Rachel: (laughing) oooh! Oh oh! Ross: (Still yelling) I Know! Rachel: oh oh! What is up with Miss Hawaiian Tropic? Chandler: How was your date with Joey? Rachel: Well, it was good.. until we got back to our apartment,   and then we were fooling around and he started to put his hand up my leg and   I kept slapping it away! Chandler: You didn't like that? Rachel: Well, it wasn't just me, alright? He freaked out   too! He couldn't even undo my bra! Monica: Wow, really? One time he just looked   at my bra and it popped open. (Chandler starts looking at her bra) Rachel: I do not know what's wrong with us, I mean, we have   kissed before and that's been great! But this time it was leading somewhere   and I was very aware of the fact that it was Joey touching me. Monica: Well, you guys have been friends   forever. Remember the first time that you kissed Ross? How weird that was?   You couldn't stop laughing? You got through that. Rachel: (looking thoughtful) Ok, that's true. That's true,   we can do this. You're right, you're right, we can do this. We're just gonna   power through! (Joey walks in) Joey: Hey Chandler can I talk to you for a second (points   to the hall). Rachel: (To Joey) No need!! Problem solved, we are powering through   (At which point she grabs his hand and pulls him back to their apartment). (Chandler resumes staring at Monica's bra) Monica: (sees what he is doing) Chandler,   stop! It is not going to pop open! Chandler: (without taking his eyes off the bra) You don't   know! (Monica just smiles) [Scene: Central Perk.] (Phoebe is sitting on the couch. Monica walks in.) Monica: Hey Phoebe! Phoebe: Hey! Monica: Is Amanda here yet? Phoebe: No. Monica: (sits down) Oh good. Good, look   I'm so sorry, for screwing up that cutting-her-out plan. But I have a new plan.   Chandler agreed to call here in a few minutes with an emergency. Phoebe: Oh! Well, what kind of emergency that gets us both   out of here? Monica: Well, what do you think of Mike   and Chandler being in a car accident? Phoebe: (makes a face) Are you kidding, I love it! (A blonde woman walks in. Supposedly Amanda) Phoebe: Hi! Monica: Hi! Amanda: Hi! (Phoebe and Amanda hug) Amanda: (To Monica) Hello! (Monica holds her hands out for a hug, but instead of hugging her, Amanda   hangs her purse on one of Monica's extended arms.) Amanda: (In a fake British accent) It's so nice to see you!   Both of you! Look at me. Look how young I look! (gives her coat to Monica as   well) Oh gosh! We have so much to catch up on! But first things first: touch   my abs (at which point she grabs both Phoebe and Monica's hands and places   them both on her stomach) I don't exercise at all! (she pulls them down to   sit.) Oh gosh, so Monica, you're married! Monica: (beaming) Yeah! Yeah! His name is   Chandler and... Amanda: (To Phoebe) Smell my neck! (Phoebe does so) It's   not perfume! It's me! It's my natural scent! (Monica looks shocked) Phoebe: Musty! Amanda: Oh! Gosh! This is brilliant. Gosh, it's just like   old times. I'm so happy you two are friends again! Monica: When were we not friends? Amanda: Well, it was 1992, and I remember because that was   the year I had sex with Evil Knievel (She starts laughing very proudly). Monica: Ehm, we were friends in 1992. Amanda: (to Phoebe) No I distinctly remember you were dodging   her (points at Monica) calls and trying to avoid seeing her.  Monica: (To Phoebe) You were going to cut   me out? Phoebe: Well...kinda. Monica: Oh My God! Amanda: Oh! Bugger. Should I not have said that? I feel like   a perfect arse! Phoebe: Yeah well, in America you're just an "ass". (Monica's mobile starts ringing. She picks it up.) Monica: (Into the phone) Hello? Chandler,   what's wrong? (She listens) Oh my God, are you alright? (listens some more)   Yeah, I'll be right there. (She hangs up and speaks to Amanda) I'm so sorry,   but Chandler was in a car accident. (She gets up) Phoebe: (Also gets up and starts taking her purse) Oh my   God. Was Mike with him? Monica: Nope! (She turns and leaves) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Joey comes running in.) Joey: (To Rachel) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Got champagne? Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through! Rachel: Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone   is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove   her bra from under her clothes)... Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)  Rachel: Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very   sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright!   Lets do it! Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit. Rachel: Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She   pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like   that huh? Joey: Oh! yeah! Rachel: You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively,   putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She   pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between   his legs and begins to kiss his neck.) Joey: uh uh! Rachel: Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it! Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters! Rachel: What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok? Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Oh, you won't believe who moved back to town.
Phoebe: You know what Amanda said to me when she got me on   the phone? (apes Amanda in a british accent) "Oh, so sorry to catch you   on your Mo-Bile!" If-if you don't wanna get me on my mo-Bile, don't call   me on my mo-Bile!"
Phoebe: Oh, I know! "Oh...I slept with Billy Joel".   All right, who hasn't?
Phoebe: Ugh, Let's just cut her out!
Phoebe: Cut her out of our lives! Just ignore her calls and   dodge her 'till she gets the point!
Joey: (a little giddy) Uh, was that good for you? [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Monica and Phoebe are reading   magazines when the phone rings and Phoebe reaches to pick it up] Monica: (to Phoebe) No, no, don’t get it. Let the machine pick up. Phoebe: Oh, yeah. Could be Rachel asking if someone could   baby-sit again. Monica: It could be Amanda! Phoebe: Oh, you’re right! I was just kidding about   Rachel. Babysitting is a gas! (The machine picks up the phone) Amanda: Hello Monica. It’s Amanda calling again. I   am in the neighborhood hoping I can pop by your flat! Monica: You're from Yonkers! Your last name   is Buffo-Martisis! Amanda: Let’s see.. to assure you get this directly,   ring me back on my mobile. Phoebe: Ok, don’t hold thy breath! (Sound of dialing numbers is heard from the speaker of the machine) Chandler: Hello? Is someone on the line? Amanda: Yes, I was looking for Monica. Chandler: Hang on, she’s right here. (he enters the   living room and hands the phone to Monica) Someone's on the phone, for ya. Monica: We weren’t picking up, it’s   Amanda! Chandler: (to Amanda) I get pedicures! Monica: Hi Amanda! Actually now... it’s...   is not a good time. Dinner tomorrow night? (Phoebe mouths 'no') Ok, Phoebe   and I will see you then! Phoebe: Why, why, why didn’t you just say no! Monica: Well, I said 'no' to her coming   over now! I couldn’t say 'no' twice! I get this uncontrollable need to   please people! Phoebe: (leaving) Fine, fine! You would not hold up well   under torture! Monica: And you would? Phoebe: I did! [scene: Joey’s apartment. Joey and Rachel are sitting   on the couch] Joey: Rach, you sure you wanna do this? Rachel: Absolutely! Absolutely. I d... it’s just a   little weird, it’s you, and it’s me, it's just gonna take some   getting used to. Joey: Ok. Well, how, how can we make it easier? Rachel: Ok, let’s work from the top down! (Joey nods,   but then puzzled because he does not get it) Just work the bra, Joe! Joey: Ok, yeah, got it. Rachel and Joey: Okay. (They start kissing and Joey starts to undo her bra, but fails completely) Joey: This thing welded shut?! Rachel: Okay. Joey: All right, turn around, I got to get a look at this   thing. Rachel: Oh! (Joey starts trying to undo her bra, but it won’t go.The elastic band   snaps back, hurting Rachel.) Rachel: Ow! Joey: Sorry! Rachel: Well this is romantic! Joey: I'm sorry! (He stands up) This never happened to me   before! I'm an expert at taking off bras! I can do it with one hand! I can   do it with my eyes closed! One time I just looked at one, and it popped open!   I blame your bra! Rachel: It’s a standard issue bra clasp! Joey: Then I blame you! Yeah! That's right! You threw me   off with all your slapping! Rachel: Ok well, well I'm really, I'm sorry about that Joey,   but do you think that maybe on some level, you don't want to take   off my bra? Joey: (contemplates for a few moments what Rachel just said)   NAH! I don't have another level!!  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] (Chandler is at the table reading; Monica puts some food for him on the table. Ross walks in looking very tanned. Chandler and Monica look up at him smiling.)  Chandler: Hold on! There is something different. Ross: I went to that tanning place your wife suggested. Chandler: Was that place... The Sun? Ross: Oh! And it gets worse! (Turns his side to Chandler   and Monica and pulls up his shirt. There's a distinct line across his body,   where his belly is very tanned and his back is very pale.) Chandler: Oh My God! You can do a duet of Ebony and Ivory   all by yourself! Monica: How could you mess this up? It's   so easy? You go into the booth, you count to five and you turn around!! Ross: (looks at her suspiciously) How do you count to five? Monica: One Two Three... Ross: (Yells) Damnit! (Goes to the door to leave. Rachel   just enters, sees him and starts laughing) Rachel: (laughing) oooh! Oh oh! Ross: (Still yelling) I Know! Rachel: oh oh! What is up with Miss Hawaiian Tropic? Chandler: How was your date with Joey? Rachel: Well, it was good.. until we got back to our apartment,   and then we were fooling around and he started to put his hand up my leg and   I kept slapping it away! Chandler: You didn't like that? Rachel: Well, it wasn't just me, alright? He freaked out   too! He couldn't even undo my bra! Monica: Wow, really? One time he just looked   at my bra and it popped open. (Chandler starts looking at her bra) Rachel: I do not know what's wrong with us, I mean, we have   kissed before and that's been great! But this time it was leading somewhere   and I was very aware of the fact that it was Joey touching me. Monica: Well, you guys have been friends   forever. Remember the first time that you kissed Ross? How weird that was?   You couldn't stop laughing? You got through that. Rachel: (looking thoughtful) Ok, that's true. That's true,   we can do this. You're right, you're right, we can do this. We're just gonna   power through! (Joey walks in) Joey: Hey Chandler can I talk to you for a second (points   to the hall). Rachel: (To Joey) No need!! Problem solved, we are powering through   (At which point she grabs his hand and pulls him back to their apartment). (Chandler resumes staring at Monica's bra) Monica: (sees what he is doing) Chandler,   stop! It is not going to pop open! Chandler: (without taking his eyes off the bra) You don't   know! (Monica just smiles) [Scene: Central Perk.] (Phoebe is sitting on the couch. Monica walks in.) Monica: Hey Phoebe! Phoebe: Hey! Monica: Is Amanda here yet? Phoebe: No. Monica: (sits down) Oh good. Good, look   I'm so sorry, for screwing up that cutting-her-out plan. But I have a new plan.   Chandler agreed to call here in a few minutes with an emergency. Phoebe: Oh! Well, what kind of emergency that gets us both   out of here? Monica: Well, what do you think of Mike   and Chandler being in a car accident? Phoebe: (makes a face) Are you kidding, I love it! (A blonde woman walks in. Supposedly Amanda) Phoebe: Hi! Monica: Hi! Amanda: Hi! (Phoebe and Amanda hug) Amanda: (To Monica) Hello! (Monica holds her hands out for a hug, but instead of hugging her, Amanda   hangs her purse on one of Monica's extended arms.) Amanda: (In a fake British accent) It's so nice to see you!   Both of you! Look at me. Look how young I look! (gives her coat to Monica as   well) Oh gosh! We have so much to catch up on! But first things first: touch   my abs (at which point she grabs both Phoebe and Monica's hands and places   them both on her stomach) I don't exercise at all! (she pulls them down to   sit.) Oh gosh, so Monica, you're married! Monica: (beaming) Yeah! Yeah! His name is   Chandler and... Amanda: (To Phoebe) Smell my neck! (Phoebe does so) It's   not perfume! It's me! It's my natural scent! (Monica looks shocked) Phoebe: Musty! Amanda: Oh! Gosh! This is brilliant. Gosh, it's just like   old times. I'm so happy you two are friends again! Monica: When were we not friends? Amanda: Well, it was 1992, and I remember because that was   the year I had sex with Evil Knievel (She starts laughing very proudly). Monica: Ehm, we were friends in 1992. Amanda: (to Phoebe) No I distinctly remember you were dodging   her (points at Monica) calls and trying to avoid seeing her.  Monica: (To Phoebe) You were going to cut   me out? Phoebe: Well...kinda. Monica: Oh My God! Amanda: Oh! Bugger. Should I not have said that? I feel like   a perfect arse! Phoebe: Yeah well, in America you're just an "ass". (Monica's mobile starts ringing. She picks it up.) Monica: (Into the phone) Hello? Chandler,   what's wrong? (She listens) Oh my God, are you alright? (listens some more)   Yeah, I'll be right there. (She hangs up and speaks to Amanda) I'm so sorry,   but Chandler was in a car accident. (She gets up) Phoebe: (Also gets up and starts taking her purse) Oh my   God. Was Mike with him? Monica: Nope! (She turns and leaves) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Joey comes running in.) Joey: (To Rachel) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Got champagne? Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through! Rachel: Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone   is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove   her bra from under her clothes)... Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)  Rachel: Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very   sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright!   Lets do it! Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit. Rachel: Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She   pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like   that huh? Joey: Oh! yeah! Rachel: You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively,   putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She   pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between   his legs and begins to kiss his neck.) Joey: uh uh! Rachel: Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it! Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters! Rachel: What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok? Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Phoebe: Oh, yeah. Could be Rachel asking if someone could   baby-sit again.
Phoebe: Oh, you’re right! I was just kidding about   Rachel. Babysitting is a gas!
Phoebe: Ok, don’t hold thy breath!
Phoebe: Why, why, why didn’t you just say no!
Phoebe: (leaving) Fine, fine! You would not hold up well   under torture!
Phoebe: I did! [scene: Joey’s apartment. Joey and Rachel are sitting   on the couch] Joey: Rach, you sure you wanna do this? Rachel: Absolutely! Absolutely. I d... it’s just a   little weird, it’s you, and it’s me, it's just gonna take some   getting used to. Joey: Ok. Well, how, how can we make it easier? Rachel: Ok, let’s work from the top down! (Joey nods,   but then puzzled because he does not get it) Just work the bra, Joe! Joey: Ok, yeah, got it. Rachel and Joey: Okay. (They start kissing and Joey starts to undo her bra, but fails completely) Joey: This thing welded shut?! Rachel: Okay. Joey: All right, turn around, I got to get a look at this   thing. Rachel: Oh! (Joey starts trying to undo her bra, but it won’t go.The elastic band   snaps back, hurting Rachel.) Rachel: Ow! Joey: Sorry! Rachel: Well this is romantic! Joey: I'm sorry! (He stands up) This never happened to me   before! I'm an expert at taking off bras! I can do it with one hand! I can   do it with my eyes closed! One time I just looked at one, and it popped open!   I blame your bra! Rachel: It’s a standard issue bra clasp! Joey: Then I blame you! Yeah! That's right! You threw me   off with all your slapping! Rachel: Ok well, well I'm really, I'm sorry about that Joey,   but do you think that maybe on some level, you don't want to take   off my bra? Joey: (contemplates for a few moments what Rachel just said)   NAH! I don't have another level!!  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] (Chandler is at the table reading; Monica puts some food for him on the table. Ross walks in looking very tanned. Chandler and Monica look up at him smiling.)  Chandler: Hold on! There is something different. Ross: I went to that tanning place your wife suggested. Chandler: Was that place... The Sun? Ross: Oh! And it gets worse! (Turns his side to Chandler   and Monica and pulls up his shirt. There's a distinct line across his body,   where his belly is very tanned and his back is very pale.) Chandler: Oh My God! You can do a duet of Ebony and Ivory   all by yourself! Monica: How could you mess this up? It's   so easy? You go into the booth, you count to five and you turn around!! Ross: (looks at her suspiciously) How do you count to five? Monica: One Two Three... Ross: (Yells) Damnit! (Goes to the door to leave. Rachel   just enters, sees him and starts laughing) Rachel: (laughing) oooh! Oh oh! Ross: (Still yelling) I Know! Rachel: oh oh! What is up with Miss Hawaiian Tropic? Chandler: How was your date with Joey? Rachel: Well, it was good.. until we got back to our apartment,   and then we were fooling around and he started to put his hand up my leg and   I kept slapping it away! Chandler: You didn't like that? Rachel: Well, it wasn't just me, alright? He freaked out   too! He couldn't even undo my bra! Monica: Wow, really? One time he just looked   at my bra and it popped open. (Chandler starts looking at her bra) Rachel: I do not know what's wrong with us, I mean, we have   kissed before and that's been great! But this time it was leading somewhere   and I was very aware of the fact that it was Joey touching me. Monica: Well, you guys have been friends   forever. Remember the first time that you kissed Ross? How weird that was?   You couldn't stop laughing? You got through that. Rachel: (looking thoughtful) Ok, that's true. That's true,   we can do this. You're right, you're right, we can do this. We're just gonna   power through! (Joey walks in) Joey: Hey Chandler can I talk to you for a second (points   to the hall). Rachel: (To Joey) No need!! Problem solved, we are powering through   (At which point she grabs his hand and pulls him back to their apartment). (Chandler resumes staring at Monica's bra) Monica: (sees what he is doing) Chandler,   stop! It is not going to pop open! Chandler: (without taking his eyes off the bra) You don't   know! (Monica just smiles) [Scene: Central Perk.] (Phoebe is sitting on the couch. Monica walks in.) Monica: Hey Phoebe! Phoebe: Hey! Monica: Is Amanda here yet? Phoebe: No. Monica: (sits down) Oh good. Good, look   I'm so sorry, for screwing up that cutting-her-out plan. But I have a new plan.   Chandler agreed to call here in a few minutes with an emergency. Phoebe: Oh! Well, what kind of emergency that gets us both   out of here? Monica: Well, what do you think of Mike   and Chandler being in a car accident? Phoebe: (makes a face) Are you kidding, I love it! (A blonde woman walks in. Supposedly Amanda) Phoebe: Hi! Monica: Hi! Amanda: Hi! (Phoebe and Amanda hug) Amanda: (To Monica) Hello! (Monica holds her hands out for a hug, but instead of hugging her, Amanda   hangs her purse on one of Monica's extended arms.) Amanda: (In a fake British accent) It's so nice to see you!   Both of you! Look at me. Look how young I look! (gives her coat to Monica as   well) Oh gosh! We have so much to catch up on! But first things first: touch   my abs (at which point she grabs both Phoebe and Monica's hands and places   them both on her stomach) I don't exercise at all! (she pulls them down to   sit.) Oh gosh, so Monica, you're married! Monica: (beaming) Yeah! Yeah! His name is   Chandler and... Amanda: (To Phoebe) Smell my neck! (Phoebe does so) It's   not perfume! It's me! It's my natural scent! (Monica looks shocked) Phoebe: Musty! Amanda: Oh! Gosh! This is brilliant. Gosh, it's just like   old times. I'm so happy you two are friends again! Monica: When were we not friends? Amanda: Well, it was 1992, and I remember because that was   the year I had sex with Evil Knievel (She starts laughing very proudly). Monica: Ehm, we were friends in 1992. Amanda: (to Phoebe) No I distinctly remember you were dodging   her (points at Monica) calls and trying to avoid seeing her.  Monica: (To Phoebe) You were going to cut   me out? Phoebe: Well...kinda. Monica: Oh My God! Amanda: Oh! Bugger. Should I not have said that? I feel like   a perfect arse! Phoebe: Yeah well, in America you're just an "ass". (Monica's mobile starts ringing. She picks it up.) Monica: (Into the phone) Hello? Chandler,   what's wrong? (She listens) Oh my God, are you alright? (listens some more)   Yeah, I'll be right there. (She hangs up and speaks to Amanda) I'm so sorry,   but Chandler was in a car accident. (She gets up) Phoebe: (Also gets up and starts taking her purse) Oh my   God. Was Mike with him? Monica: Nope! (She turns and leaves) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Joey comes running in.) Joey: (To Rachel) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Got champagne? Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through! Rachel: Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone   is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove   her bra from under her clothes)... Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)  Rachel: Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very   sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright!   Lets do it! Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit. Rachel: Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She   pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like   that huh? Joey: Oh! yeah! Rachel: You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively,   putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She   pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between   his legs and begins to kiss his neck.) Joey: uh uh! Rachel: Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it! Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters! Rachel: What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok? Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Joey: (contemplates for a few moments what Rachel just said)   NAH! I don't have another level!!  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] (Chandler is at the table reading; Monica puts some food for him on the table. Ross walks in looking very tanned. Chandler and Monica look up at him smiling.)  Chandler: Hold on! There is something different. Ross: I went to that tanning place your wife suggested. Chandler: Was that place... The Sun? Ross: Oh! And it gets worse! (Turns his side to Chandler   and Monica and pulls up his shirt. There's a distinct line across his body,   where his belly is very tanned and his back is very pale.) Chandler: Oh My God! You can do a duet of Ebony and Ivory   all by yourself! Monica: How could you mess this up? It's   so easy? You go into the booth, you count to five and you turn around!! Ross: (looks at her suspiciously) How do you count to five? Monica: One Two Three... Ross: (Yells) Damnit! (Goes to the door to leave. Rachel   just enters, sees him and starts laughing) Rachel: (laughing) oooh! Oh oh! Ross: (Still yelling) I Know! Rachel: oh oh! What is up with Miss Hawaiian Tropic? Chandler: How was your date with Joey? Rachel: Well, it was good.. until we got back to our apartment,   and then we were fooling around and he started to put his hand up my leg and   I kept slapping it away! Chandler: You didn't like that? Rachel: Well, it wasn't just me, alright? He freaked out   too! He couldn't even undo my bra! Monica: Wow, really? One time he just looked   at my bra and it popped open. (Chandler starts looking at her bra) Rachel: I do not know what's wrong with us, I mean, we have   kissed before and that's been great! But this time it was leading somewhere   and I was very aware of the fact that it was Joey touching me. Monica: Well, you guys have been friends   forever. Remember the first time that you kissed Ross? How weird that was?   You couldn't stop laughing? You got through that. Rachel: (looking thoughtful) Ok, that's true. That's true,   we can do this. You're right, you're right, we can do this. We're just gonna   power through! (Joey walks in) Joey: Hey Chandler can I talk to you for a second (points   to the hall). Rachel: (To Joey) No need!! Problem solved, we are powering through   (At which point she grabs his hand and pulls him back to their apartment). (Chandler resumes staring at Monica's bra) Monica: (sees what he is doing) Chandler,   stop! It is not going to pop open! Chandler: (without taking his eyes off the bra) You don't   know! (Monica just smiles) [Scene: Central Perk.] (Phoebe is sitting on the couch. Monica walks in.) Monica: Hey Phoebe! Phoebe: Hey! Monica: Is Amanda here yet? Phoebe: No. Monica: (sits down) Oh good. Good, look   I'm so sorry, for screwing up that cutting-her-out plan. But I have a new plan.   Chandler agreed to call here in a few minutes with an emergency. Phoebe: Oh! Well, what kind of emergency that gets us both   out of here? Monica: Well, what do you think of Mike   and Chandler being in a car accident? Phoebe: (makes a face) Are you kidding, I love it! (A blonde woman walks in. Supposedly Amanda) Phoebe: Hi! Monica: Hi! Amanda: Hi! (Phoebe and Amanda hug) Amanda: (To Monica) Hello! (Monica holds her hands out for a hug, but instead of hugging her, Amanda   hangs her purse on one of Monica's extended arms.) Amanda: (In a fake British accent) It's so nice to see you!   Both of you! Look at me. Look how young I look! (gives her coat to Monica as   well) Oh gosh! We have so much to catch up on! But first things first: touch   my abs (at which point she grabs both Phoebe and Monica's hands and places   them both on her stomach) I don't exercise at all! (she pulls them down to   sit.) Oh gosh, so Monica, you're married! Monica: (beaming) Yeah! Yeah! His name is   Chandler and... Amanda: (To Phoebe) Smell my neck! (Phoebe does so) It's   not perfume! It's me! It's my natural scent! (Monica looks shocked) Phoebe: Musty! Amanda: Oh! Gosh! This is brilliant. Gosh, it's just like   old times. I'm so happy you two are friends again! Monica: When were we not friends? Amanda: Well, it was 1992, and I remember because that was   the year I had sex with Evil Knievel (She starts laughing very proudly). Monica: Ehm, we were friends in 1992. Amanda: (to Phoebe) No I distinctly remember you were dodging   her (points at Monica) calls and trying to avoid seeing her.  Monica: (To Phoebe) You were going to cut   me out? Phoebe: Well...kinda. Monica: Oh My God! Amanda: Oh! Bugger. Should I not have said that? I feel like   a perfect arse! Phoebe: Yeah well, in America you're just an "ass". (Monica's mobile starts ringing. She picks it up.) Monica: (Into the phone) Hello? Chandler,   what's wrong? (She listens) Oh my God, are you alright? (listens some more)   Yeah, I'll be right there. (She hangs up and speaks to Amanda) I'm so sorry,   but Chandler was in a car accident. (She gets up) Phoebe: (Also gets up and starts taking her purse) Oh my   God. Was Mike with him? Monica: Nope! (She turns and leaves) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Joey comes running in.) Joey: (To Rachel) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Got champagne? Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through! Rachel: Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone   is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove   her bra from under her clothes)... Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)  Rachel: Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very   sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright!   Lets do it! Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit. Rachel: Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She   pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like   that huh? Joey: Oh! yeah! Rachel: You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively,   putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She   pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between   his legs and begins to kiss his neck.) Joey: uh uh! Rachel: Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it! Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters! Rachel: What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok? Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Chandler: (without taking his eyes off the bra) You don't   know! (Monica just smiles) [Scene: Central Perk.] (Phoebe is sitting on the couch. Monica walks in.) Monica: Hey Phoebe! Phoebe: Hey! Monica: Is Amanda here yet? Phoebe: No. Monica: (sits down) Oh good. Good, look   I'm so sorry, for screwing up that cutting-her-out plan. But I have a new plan.   Chandler agreed to call here in a few minutes with an emergency. Phoebe: Oh! Well, what kind of emergency that gets us both   out of here? Monica: Well, what do you think of Mike   and Chandler being in a car accident? Phoebe: (makes a face) Are you kidding, I love it! (A blonde woman walks in. Supposedly Amanda) Phoebe: Hi! Monica: Hi! Amanda: Hi! (Phoebe and Amanda hug) Amanda: (To Monica) Hello! (Monica holds her hands out for a hug, but instead of hugging her, Amanda   hangs her purse on one of Monica's extended arms.) Amanda: (In a fake British accent) It's so nice to see you!   Both of you! Look at me. Look how young I look! (gives her coat to Monica as   well) Oh gosh! We have so much to catch up on! But first things first: touch   my abs (at which point she grabs both Phoebe and Monica's hands and places   them both on her stomach) I don't exercise at all! (she pulls them down to   sit.) Oh gosh, so Monica, you're married! Monica: (beaming) Yeah! Yeah! His name is   Chandler and... Amanda: (To Phoebe) Smell my neck! (Phoebe does so) It's   not perfume! It's me! It's my natural scent! (Monica looks shocked) Phoebe: Musty! Amanda: Oh! Gosh! This is brilliant. Gosh, it's just like   old times. I'm so happy you two are friends again! Monica: When were we not friends? Amanda: Well, it was 1992, and I remember because that was   the year I had sex with Evil Knievel (She starts laughing very proudly). Monica: Ehm, we were friends in 1992. Amanda: (to Phoebe) No I distinctly remember you were dodging   her (points at Monica) calls and trying to avoid seeing her.  Monica: (To Phoebe) You were going to cut   me out? Phoebe: Well...kinda. Monica: Oh My God! Amanda: Oh! Bugger. Should I not have said that? I feel like   a perfect arse! Phoebe: Yeah well, in America you're just an "ass". (Monica's mobile starts ringing. She picks it up.) Monica: (Into the phone) Hello? Chandler,   what's wrong? (She listens) Oh my God, are you alright? (listens some more)   Yeah, I'll be right there. (She hangs up and speaks to Amanda) I'm so sorry,   but Chandler was in a car accident. (She gets up) Phoebe: (Also gets up and starts taking her purse) Oh my   God. Was Mike with him? Monica: Nope! (She turns and leaves) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Joey comes running in.) Joey: (To Rachel) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Got champagne? Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through! Rachel: Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone   is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove   her bra from under her clothes)... Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)  Rachel: Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very   sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright!   Lets do it! Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit. Rachel: Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She   pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like   that huh? Joey: Oh! yeah! Rachel: You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively,   putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She   pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between   his legs and begins to kiss his neck.) Joey: uh uh! Rachel: Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it! Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters! Rachel: What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok? Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: No.
Phoebe: Oh! Well, what kind of emergency that gets us both   out of here?
Phoebe: (makes a face) Are you kidding, I love it!
Phoebe: Hi!
Phoebe: Musty!
Phoebe: Well...kinda.
Phoebe: Yeah well, in America you're just an "ass".
Phoebe: (Also gets up and starts taking her purse) Oh my   God. Was Mike with him?
Monica: Nope! (She turns and leaves) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Joey comes running in.) Joey: (To Rachel) Hey! Rachel: Hey! Got champagne? Joey: Yes ma'am, ready to Power through! Rachel: Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone   is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove   her bra from under her clothes)... Joey: Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)  Rachel: Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very   sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright!   Lets do it! Joey: Ok, you're scaring me a little bit. Rachel: Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She   pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like   that huh? Joey: Oh! yeah! Rachel: You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively,   putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She   pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between   his legs and begins to kiss his neck.) Joey: uh uh! Rachel: Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it! Joey: No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters! Rachel: What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok? Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Joey: (He just sits there, legs very close together with   a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.) Monica: We are not friends with Phoebe anymore. Chandler: If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in) Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute? Monica: I have nothing to say to   you. Amanda: (announces more to herself than anyone else) Wow,   my flat is twice this size! Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.) Amanda: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look   positively ghastly. Chandler: Well, aren't you a treat. [Scene: The hallway] Monica: I can't believe you tried to cut   me out. Why Phoebe, why? Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill. Monica: I'm still all those things! Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy! Monica: (starts smiling) I am scrappy. Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in. Monica: It's because I'm scrappy. Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you. Monica: I won't know what I would do without   you. (They hug) Monica: Well, I guess we should go back   in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda. Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for   Chandler, but she's really terrible at it) Amanda: Can you believe it. I've never had any professional   dance training. (Monica and Phoebe look at each other and leave the apartment again) [Scene: A different spray-on tan center] (Glenda, who works here, and Ross are walking to the room with the spray-on tan booth.) Glenda: Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the   booth, and... Ross: I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does   it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them   all on my back. Glenda: (quietly) Okay... (Ross enters the room, takes off his robe and enters the booth. He stands   with his back to the nozzles and then realises that this booth has nozzles   at both sides of the wall) Ross: Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one   is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.) Ross: Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in   this face and front again.) Ross: OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.) [Scene: Joey and Rachel's] (Joey and Rachel are both sitting on the couch. Joey keeping his knees pressed against each other) Rachel: What is the matter with us? Joey: Well, I know what's the matter with me. Rachel: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed   to be this... difficult? Joey: I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment) Chandler: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she   sure can dance... Hey! Rachel: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When   you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more   than that? Chandler: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide   from you guys... Rachel: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally... Joey: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it   was... really wrong? Chandler: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt   like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get   to them) Chandler: I can tell from your expressions that that's the   good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the   joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs) Rachel: Well, just because it happened that way for them   doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us. Joey: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's   difficult doesn't mean that you quit. Rachel: Right, totally. Joey: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we...   do it. Rachel: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one   of those couples that never have sex. Joey: That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other) Joey: (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming. Rachel: I know.  Joey: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what   I wanted.  Rachel: Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.) Rachel: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it? Joey: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder) Rachel: Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while) Joey: So... Rachel: Yeah. Joey: I love ya. Rachel: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed. Joey: Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.) Joey: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on   his sore spot)  ENDING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross's apartment.] (Ross is reading a National Geographic on his sofa when Chandler knocks on the door.) Chandler: Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.) Ross: Go away! I don't want to see anybody. Chandler: I know, I went to the tanning place and the same   thing happened to me. You have to let me in. Ross: Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.) Ross: Dude, you're not tanned. Chandler: No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.) Chandler: I see you later! (Ross closes the door)  end    
Phoebe: Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can   I talk to you outside for a minute?
Phoebe: Please, Monica? In the hall?
Phoebe: It was right after we were living together and you   were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and   shrill.
Phoebe: You're also so generous and kind and scrappy!
Phoebe: Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't   keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only   one who ever clawed her way back in.
Phoebe: Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your   way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you.
Phoebe: Yeah, I guess you're right.
Written by: Dana Klein   Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa [Scene: Central Perk] Monica: (she enters) Hey guys! Ross, Rachel and Chandler: Hey! Chandler: Honey, I got us that room at the Woodford Inn this weekend. Monica: That place in Vermont? You can  take   a hint! Rachel: Wait, you can't go away this weekend! It's Emma's birthday! Ross: Yeah! Rachel: We're having a party. Monica: Well, can't you just have the party when we get back? Ross: No. Rachel: No,    that day... that won't be her real birthday! Chandler: Gee if only she were one and had no idea what the hell a birthday    was! Ross: C'mon you guys, this is really important to us. Monica: Well, I'm sorry, but Chandler and I could really use a weekend away.    You know, to reconnect... emotionally. Chandler: There's this thing I really want us to do. I read about it in Maxim... Rachel: Well, can't you just go to Vermont the next day? Ross: Yeah, we want everyone to be there. As much as I hate to delay your doing    weird sex stuff to my little sister. Rachel: And I mean, you know, you guys... This is a big deal. I mean, how can    we have her first birthday party without her aunt and her uncle! Monica: All right, we'll stay. We can just drive up after the party. Chandler: Fine, but if we end up not doing this Maxim thing because of this    party... Monica: Believe me, that is not why we won't    be doing that!   OPENING CREDITS  [Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment] Rachel: You know Pheebs, when I was little, on my birthday, my daddy would    hide a present in every room of the house, and then he would draw a treasure    map to help me find 'em all. Phoebe: Oooh, I love family traditions like that. When uhm...    when Ursula and I were kids, on our birthday, our stepdad would sell his blood    to buy us food! Ross: (he enters) Hey guys! Rachel and Phoebe: Hi! Ross: Hey, I brought the camera for Emma's video. Rachel: Oh, good, good! We had this idea to make a birthday video for Emma    and we'll give it to her when she is 18. Phoebe: Oh, COOL!! Wow, it's like a time capsule! Ross: Yeah! Phoebe: Oh, just think... she's gonna be watching that video on a TV that hasn't    even been invented yet! With friends who right now are just like babies! And    they'll be living in a floating city that the humans built to escape the ant    people! Ross: That's the hope! So, is Emma awake yet? Rachel: Oh no, it's still nap time. But she'll be up soon. Ross: Ah, and where is Joey? Rachel: I said it's still nap time. (Joey comes out from his room, yawning) Ross: (taping Joey with the cam) Hey, there is uncle Joey! Joey: Hey! Ross: Hey, say something to Emma on her 18th birthday! Joey: 18, uh? (starts to prepare himself to say his "How You Doin'"    line)  Ross: Joey, NO! Joey: What, what!? it's for her hot friends! Ross: When they see this you'll be 52! Joey: And starting to think about settling down! Rachel: Hey Joey, will you please set this up for people to put Emma's presents    on? Joey: I'd love to! Yeah!   Joey: (To Phoebe) We were supposed to bring presents? Phoebe: Yeah! I wrote Emma a song. Joey: Oh, yeah! How was I supposed to know? Phoebe: Joey, it's a birthday party. Joey: Yeah, but for a one-year-old. What's the point... the other day she laughed    for like an hour at a cup. Just a cup with a picture of Elmo on it dressed as    a farmer. And he's standing next to this cow and the cow says "El-moo"!    (Joey starts laughing) Yeah... that's a funny cup! (Monica and Chandler enter) Monica: Hey! Chandler: Hey hey! Where's the birthday girl? Rachel: Oh, she's still napping Chandler: Oh, sure, she was probably up all night, excited about the party    she knows is happening. Rachel: Look, I know that you guys really want to get to Vermont and this isn't    a really big deal to you, but it really is to us, ok? Emma will never have a    first birthday again. Monica: All right... you're right. We're sorry. Now let's wake up Emma and    get the fun time started! Rachel: No really, she didn't sleep well last night, so we can't wake her up. Monica: Are you freaking kidding me, Green? (someone knocks on the door. Rachel goes to open it) Jack and Judy: HI! Ross: (points the camcorder towards them to record their entrance) Hey! Monica: So glad you came! Jack: I can't believe Emma is already one! Judy: (to Monica) I remember your first birthday! Ross was jealous of all the    attention we were giving you. He pulled on his testicles so hard! We had to    take him to the emergency room!  Ross: (pointing the camcorder at himself) There's something you didn't know    about your dad! Joey: Hey Mr. and Mrs. Geller! Let me help you with that. Jack: Thank you! Joey: Oh man, this is great, uh? The three of us together again! You know what    would be fun? If we gave this present to Emma from all of us! Jack: Which one are you?  (Time lapse) Monica: I can't believe Emma is still asleep! Chandler: I know, what are we gonna do? Monica: I've got a plan. I've got a plan. I'm going to ram this platter really    hard into your ribs. You're gonna scream out and that'll wake her up! Chandler: I'm not going to Vermont with this Monica! Joey: Hey Pheebs, you know what? I was thinking... since you wrote a song,    maybe I could do something for Emma using my talents!  Phoebe: So you’re gonna... hit on her? Joey: No, no, no! My talents as an actor! Phoebe: Oh! Joey: You know, I could like maybe... I could do a dramatic reading of one    of her books! Phoebe: Or you could stick a fork in an apple! Joey: Hey, I think Emma might like it! Rachel: Oh! Emma might like what? Joey: Um, my present! Rachel: What did you get her? Joey: Actually we prepared performances. Phoebe: Separate performances. Joey: But equally real! Rachel: Well, this sounds like fun! Well, you know what? Actually? People are    getting a little antsy waiting Emma to wake up from her nap, so would you mind    performing them once now? Phoebe: Sure, yeah! Joey: (unconfidently) O K. Rachel: (to everybody) All right, let’s get this party started, huh?    Joey and Phoebe are gonna perform a little something for us. Ross: Oh, great! Phoebe: (to Joey) Are you gonna be embarrassed going up there having nothing    prepared? Joey: Hey, I do it every week with three cameras pointed at me and a whole    crew waiting! Rachel: So, Joey, what are you gonna do for us? Joey: I will be doing a dramatic reading of one of Emma’s books. Rachel: Oh, ok, which one? Joey: Uh, why, it’s a... (he picks a book up) one of her favorites, uh,    (he reads the title of the book) “Riding the Storm Out. Coping with post-partum    depression” eesh! (he puts the book back and picks up another) “Love    you forever”. Love you forever. By Robert Munsch. Published by Firefly    books. Printed (he pauses and changes the tone to a dramatic one) in Mexico.    A mother held her new baby and very slowly rocked him back and forth, back and    forth, back and forth, and while she held him she sang “I’ll love    you forever, I’ll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby    you’ll be”. (the picture fades and Joey is now finishing the book).    And while he rocked her, he sang “I’ll love you forever, I’ll    like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you’ll be”. Rachel: (crying) Wow! That was amazing! Ross: Thank you so much for that gift! Chandler (nearly weeping): I was not ready for this today! Ross: Amazing... amazing. Rachel: Oh, Phoebe, I’m sorry! Phoebe has prepared something as well. Phoebe: That’s right, I've prepared a song for Emma. From my heart to    hers. For there’s no greater gift, than the gift of music. (she starts    singing) Emma! Your name poses a dilemma. 'Cause not much else rhymes with Emma!    Maybe the actor Richard Crenna, he played the commanding officer in Rambo. Happy    birthday Emma! Rachel: Is that it? Phoebe: No, of course not! I also, you know, prepared a reading (she picks    up a book). “Sex and the single mother. (pause) Finding your G-spot. Everybody: No, no, no, no, no! [Scene: Joey’s Apartment. Ross is filming his parents ] Judy: Hello Emma. Happy eighteenth birthday. Jack: Right now that seems so far away, seventeen years. Judy: Yes, you’ll be all grown up by then. We’ll be... Well your    grandfather and I might not be here. Jack: That’s true! This message could becoming to you from beyond the    grave, Emma! Judy: After all, my parents died very young. Jack: And my cholesterol’s off the charts! Judy: Remember, Emma, heart disease kills women too! Ross (stops recording): Ok, cut! Great. That was... that was    just... yeah! Rachel: Ross, um, don’t forget to get a shot of Emma’s cake. It’s    in a box in the fridge. Ross: Sure. Rachel: Oh, you're gonna love this cake. I got it from a bakery in New Jersey,    Corino’s. Monica: Oh my God, that place has the creamiest frosting! I use to hitchhike    there when I was a kid. Rachel: Well, anyway, they make these great novelty cakes, in all different    shapes, and if you give them a photo, they’ll copy it in icing! Monica: Oh, did you do a picture of Emma? Rachel: Yes! On a cake shaped like a bunny. Ross: Uh, Rach? Does this bakery by any chance also bake erotic cakes? Say    for bachelorette parties? Rachel: Ross, what are you talking about? (she sees the cake) oh! Oh my God!    They put my baby’s face on a penis! Phoebe (sees the cake): oh! Now it’s a party! Rachel: Why you guys this isn't funny, all right? If I wanted this cake to    be a disaster I would have baked it myself! Joey (staring at the cake): Uh.. is it ok that I still think it looks delicious? Judy:(to Jack) Jack, look at this. Jack: I know what you're thinking Judy, the resemblance is uncanny! Ross: I am this close to tugging on my testicles again. Rachel (on the phone): No, no, this is not what I ordered.    Ok? I went all the way to New Jersey so that I could have the perfect cake for    my daughter’s birthday and I need a bunny cake, right now! Ross: Ask them if it would be faster if we cut the baby’s face off the    penis, so we can put it on the bunny. (pause). That is a weird sentence! Rachel: Oh! Believe you me! I am going to bring this cake back, I don't even    want it in my home... (Turns towards the cake and sees Joey trying to take a    piece and yells at him) Joey, don't touch it!! Joey: I'm so confused! Rachel: (speaking to the person on the phone again) Yes, yes. I still want    my daughters picture, but on a bunny cake. Yellow cake, chocolate frosting with    nuts! Chandler: To be fair this one does have nuts. (Time lapse) (Ross, Chandler and Monica are in the kitchen area) Ross: Hey Mon, that was really nice of you to loan Rachel your car so she could    go and get the cake. Monica: Oh. So nice of her to pull my hair, 'till I dropped the key!  Ross: Well, you know what? While we're waiting, you guys could tape your message    to Emma for her 18th birthday, huh? (takes the camcorder and points it at Monica    and Chandler) Ok! Chandler: Hi Emma! It's the year 2020. Are you still enjoying your nap? Monica: We're Aunt Monica and uncle Chandler, by the way.   You may not recognize us, because we haven't spoken to your parents in seventeen years! Chandler: We used to be married, but then we missed a weekend away together    and things kind of unraveled. Because of you! Happy Birthday. (Ross looks disappointed    and switches the camcorder off) Monica: Ross, Rachel promised it would be over by now. We seriously have to    go, if we want to get to Vermont. I called them and the last train leaves in    a half hour. Phoebe: And you know, I have a massage client soon. Ross: You guys, just please.. a little bit longer. I promise, Rachel will be    back with the cake any minute. Monica, remember.. the frosting? huh? Monica: Alright, 5 more minutes. (The phone rings, Ross picks up) Ross: (Into receiver) Hello? (listens) Oh no! What happened? (listens some    more) Ok ok, where are you? (Grabs a pen and starts writing). Ok, I'll be right    there. (Puts the phone down) Chandler: Was that Emma? Is she up?  Ross: No, Rachel got pulled over for speeding. She forgot    her licence so now I have to bring it to her. Phoebe: Well, if you're leaving, I'm definitely gonna go. Monica: No! Wait! If anybody gets to go.. it's us (Points at herself and Chandler)    We've been complaining the longest! Ross: No, wait ! You guys, no, no, you can't leave! Rachel already feels bad    that the cake's messed up. How do you think she's gonna feel when she comes    back here and all you guys are gone? Chandler: I don't know! You'll tell us on Monday!  Ross: Joey! You're in charge, ok? You make sure nobody leaves! (leaves) Joey: Got it! (Goes towards the front door   and stands with his back to it) Hey hey hey! (to Chandler) Where do you think you're going?  Chandler: To the bathroom! Joey: Alright, well the rest of you get comfortable, ok, because we're gonna    be here for a li...(stops and thinks) Wait a minute, there is a window in there! Phoebe: Oh no! He's not getting away that easy! (Phoebe and Joey run towards    the bathroom and enter) Chandler: (Yelling) What are you doing? Get the hell out of here! (Phoebe and    Joey come out looking shocked) Joey: Well, that one did not have Emma's face on it. Phoebe: No, it did not. Joey: No. Judy: Well, we better get going, it's late. Jack's not allowed to drive at    night anymore. He has trouble staying in his lane. Jack: Last winter I went up on a church lawn and drove right through a manger    scene. The papers thought it was a hate crime. Judy: Anyway, it was lovely seeing you. Joey: Ok! (Opens the door for them)  Judy: Bye... Bye dear. Joey: Nighty-night! Judy: Nighty-night! Joey: Bye, bye. Phoebe: Joey? How could you just let them leave? Joey: Hey, hey, hey, hey! I'm not gonna mess with Jack, he's a great man, he    fought for our country. Monica: No, he didn't! He pretended to be a Quaker to get out of Korea. Joey: (Shocked) Oh! Well that's it! He's the last one to go. I'm locking you    guys in. (turns the bolts of the door, thereby locking it) Chandler: You do know, I can just turn them the other way around, right? Joey: Oh! I forgot you used to live here! (The phone rings, Joey picks up) Joey: Hello? Estelle: (on the other side of the line) Joey! It's Estelle! Joey: Hey! (smiles) Estelle: So, how did your audition go today? Joey: (smile fades) What audition? Estelle: The one I told you about last week? Joey: What? You never said anything about an audition! Estelle: (Looks confused) Let me start over. I just got a call about an audition.    I think you can still make it. It's down at the Astor Theatre and you need to    have a monologue prepared. Joey: A monologue? I don't have.. (sees the book he was reading before for    his "dramatic reading") I got it. (hangs up) (announces to the room)    Aah! so... I'm gonna take off! Phoebe: Wh.. what? No wait, you don't get to leave! I've got a massage client    waiting outside my door any minute! Monica: Yeah, and we've paid for a room, that we're supposed to be in right    now! Phoebe: Well, oh, ok now... Only one of us has to stay with Emma. Ok, and as    the person who realized that, I get to go! Monica: No! no! Let's figure out a fair way to decide who's staying. Joey: Oh! I got it! Ok, everyone pick a number from one to ten. Alright? Whoever    gets the highest number gets to go first. Monica: (She gives Joey a you-are-so-stupid-look) Ok, ten. Joey: Okay, Monica picks ten, I call nine! Anyone else? Phoebe: No, lets just draw straws. Joey: Or.. we could flip a coin, and then multiply the.. Chandler: I'm begging you stop. Joey: Right. Monica: Ok, how about this: We got wind up toys for Emma for her birthday.    We can make them race, and whoever comes in last, stays! Phoebe: (Visibly excited) Yeah!! Let's do that! Chandler: (Also very excited) That sounds more fun than the thing we were going    to do in Vermont!  Monica: Everybody get your toys! (They all run toward the table with toys) Phoebe: Ok! I want the dolphin! Chandler: Thats a bear. Phoebe: I'm too excited! Monica: Phoebe, you get the bear, uhm, Joey, you get the robot, and Chandler    and I get the dog. Ok, and the race is going to go (Takes two cups and marks    the start and finish lines with them) from here to here. Now the one who comes    in last, stays! Joey: Ok, ladies and gentlemen, wind your toys! (they do so) Chandler: Ok, on your mark... Get set... GO!!! (Monica, Phoebe and Joey release their wind-up toys.) Phoebe: Go! Go! Joey: Come on robot! (Phoebe's bear takes the lead, followed by Joey's robot, and far behind is    Chandler and Monica's dog, which walks a few paces, stops and starts barking,    sits, walks again, and so on... ) Monica: (to the dog) What are you barking at? (While Phoebe's bear is still in the lead, it is now closely followed by Joey's    robot. Chandler and Monica's dog however, sits down, barking... and does a backflip.) Monica: Wha... How the hell is that gonna help? Chandler: I bought you. How did I forget that that's all you do? (Meanwhile the race has been won by Phoebe's bear, followed by Joey's robot) Joey: Way to go robot! Phoebe: Good job Alan! Joey: Hey, good race you guys. Phoebe: Yeah, see you later! (Joey and Phoebe leave for the door) Monica: No! No, no... wait! We didn't lose. (turns to Chandler) The rules clearly    stated that the last one to cross the finish line was the loser. Well, our dog    never crossed the finish line, so technically... Chandler: They left. (Monica turns to see the closed door.)  [ Scene: The freeway. Rachel is driving Monica's Porsche, while    using her mobile phone. Ross is sitting next to her.]  Rachel: (into the phone) No, there isn't time to go to the bakery. We're just    gonna come home... Everybody left? Alright, well just tell Emma we're gonna    be there as soon as we can. (emotionally) Bye... (She hangs up, closes her phone, turns around and puts it in her bag which    is in the back of the car. While doing this and not looking at the road, she    turns the steering wheel by accident, which makes the car swerve.) Ross: RACHEL! Rachel: OOH! God! Sorry! Ross: (sarcastically) I can't believe they gave you a ticket. You're such a    good driver. (Ross fastens his seat belt.) Rachel: Emma's awake. Ross: Yeah? Rachel: I can't believe this. This is her first birthday. She's awake. We're    not even there. Everybody left. We still have this stupid obscene cake. Ross: Hey, maybe I can fix that, you know. Try to turn it into something else.    (he opens the box) Rachel: Oh, why do you even bother? I already ruined her first birthday...    And do you know how important these early experiences are Ross? Very! According    to the back cover of that book that you gave me. Ross: Rach, she's not going to remember this. Rachel: (shakes her head) I guess... Oh, I just had such an idea of what this    day would be like, you know? Emma laughing and everybody gathered around her    cake singing "Happy Birthday". Then we would all go into... HEY GET    OUT OF THE ROAD YOU STUPID STUDENT DRIVER!!! (honks furiously, and Ross looks    at her in disbelief and Rachel looks at him.) They have to learn! Ross: (looks back at the cake) Hey! Rachel: What? Ross: It's not bad. Rachel: (she looks at the cake) Oh my God! Look what... you made it into a    bunny. How did you do that? Ross: Well, I just made these two things uhm... cheeks. And then I split this    to make ears. Rachel: Well, I'm very impressed. Ross: Some can sing, some can dance. I apparently can turn phallic cakes into    woodland creatures.  [ Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment. Chandler, Monica and Emma    are sitting on the floor, and Emma's stuffed animals are lined up in front of    them.]  Monica: Now another way to organise your stuffed animals, is by size. Chandler: I'm sorry, is this a game for Emma or for Monica? Monica: Game? Chandler: Emma, you even know it's your birthday today? You're one! One-year-old,    that's little. (With his index finger he shows her how old she is. Emma also points her finger    and babbles...) Chandler: Ooh! That's my girl! Monica: That's how old you are. Chandler: Did I teach her that? Did I just... impart wisdom? Monica: (embraces Emma tightly) Ooh, I want one... Chandler: Me too... (There's a couple of seconds of silence. Then Chandler looks around...) Chandler: There's no-one around. Why don't we just take this one? Monica: ...and head to Canada! Chandler: I was kidding. Monica: I wasn't. Let's get going! (Phoebe enters the apartment again.) Phoebe: Hey, are Ross and Rachel back? Chandler: No, not yet. Phoebe: Oh good, I didn't miss the party. Monica: What about your massage client? Phoebe: I just felt so bad, missing this. So I just slipped him a little something,    you know. As long as I'm back in five or six hours, it will be alright. (Joey comes running into the apartment, out of breath.) Joey: Okay, if Ross and Rachel ask, I've been here the whole time. THE WHOLE    TIME! (Ross and Rachel enter.) Joey: (to Ross and Rachel) I've been here the whole time! Ross: Joey, we just saw you come in. You ran past us on the stairs. Rachel: I don't care that you left. I'm just glad that you're here. Thanks    you guys! Chandler: Hey, guys! Come on! You gotta see what Emma just did. Rachel: What? Chandler: Emma, how old are you? How old are you today? (holds up his index    finger again) Emma: Wo-ish. (and holds up her finger) (Ross and Rachel gasp) Rachel: Oh! Emma, that's right! You're that many! Ross: Oh my God! Our daughter's a genius! Rach, this means... Rachel: (angrily) NO, no science camp! Ross: Damnit! I'll put a candle on the cake. Rachel: Oh!... Oh and Emma, look at your stuffed animals lined up so neatly! Monica: Thanks! Ross: Okay, here we go! Emma's first birthday cake... Well hey... well, blow    out the candle. Come on Emma. Chandler: Let's do it, come on! (Rachel wipes away some tears.) Ross: What's wrong? Are you okay? Rachel: Oh yeah, nothing! These are happy tears! This is just what I wanted. Phoebe: (pointing at cake) Hey, you made it into a bunny. Joey: What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it    was a penis.  ENDING CREDITS   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel.    They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front    of the camera.] Rachel: Okay. Ross: Okay, you ready? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: A-a-and... record. Rachel: Okay. (they both look into the camera, and Ross waves.) Hi Emma. Well,    your first birthday is over, and it was really... (There's a lot of yelling and screaming coming from the hallway, and they get    up to look at what's the noise all about. In the hallway, Monica, Chandler,    Joey and Phoebe are having another wind-up animal race, yelling and screaming    fanatically.) Phoebe: (yelling at the top of her voice) Go, go, go Alan! Run you, hairy bastard!   end    
Phoebe: Oooh, I love family traditions like that. When uhm...    when Ursula and I were kids, on our birthday, our stepdad would sell his blood    to buy us food!
Rachel and Phoebe: Hi!
Phoebe: Oh, COOL!! Wow, it's like a time capsule!
Phoebe: Oh, just think... she's gonna be watching that video on a TV that hasn't    even been invented yet! With friends who right now are just like babies! And    they'll be living in a floating city that the humans built to escape the ant    people!
Phoebe: Yeah! I wrote Emma a song.
Phoebe: Joey, it's a birthday party.
Joey: Hey Pheebs, you know what? I was thinking... since you wrote a song,    maybe I could do something for Emma using my talents!  Phoebe: So you’re gonna... hit on her?
Phoebe: Oh!
Phoebe: Or you could stick a fork in an apple!
Phoebe: Separate performances.
Phoebe: Sure, yeah!
Phoebe: (to Joey) Are you gonna be embarrassed going up there having nothing    prepared?
Phoebe: That’s right, I've prepared a song for Emma. From my heart to    hers. For there’s no greater gift, than the gift of music. (she starts    singing) Emma! Your name poses a dilemma. 'Cause not much else rhymes with Emma!    Maybe the actor Richard Crenna, he played the commanding officer in Rambo. Happy    birthday Emma!
Phoebe: No, of course not! I also, you know, prepared a reading (she picks    up a book). “Sex and the single mother. (pause) Finding your G-spot.
Phoebe: And you know, I have a massage client soon.
Phoebe: Well, if you're leaving, I'm definitely gonna go.
Phoebe: Oh no! He's not getting away that easy! (Phoebe and Joey run towards    the bathroom and enter)
Phoebe: No, it did not.
Phoebe: Joey? How could you just let them leave?
Phoebe: Wh.. what? No wait, you don't get to leave! I've got a massage client    waiting outside my door any minute!
Phoebe: Well, oh, ok now... Only one of us has to stay with Emma. Ok, and as    the person who realized that, I get to go!
Phoebe: No, lets just draw straws.
Phoebe: (Visibly excited) Yeah!! Let's do that!
Phoebe: Ok! I want the dolphin!
Phoebe: I'm too excited!
Phoebe: Go! Go!
Phoebe: Good job Alan!
Phoebe: Yeah, see you later!
 Rachel: (into the phone) No, there isn't time to go to the bakery. We're just    gonna come home... Everybody left? Alright, well just tell Emma we're gonna    be there as soon as we can. (emotionally) Bye... (She hangs up, closes her phone, turns around and puts it in her bag which    is in the back of the car. While doing this and not looking at the road, she    turns the steering wheel by accident, which makes the car swerve.) Ross: RACHEL! Rachel: OOH! God! Sorry! Ross: (sarcastically) I can't believe they gave you a ticket. You're such a    good driver. (Ross fastens his seat belt.) Rachel: Emma's awake. Ross: Yeah? Rachel: I can't believe this. This is her first birthday. She's awake. We're    not even there. Everybody left. We still have this stupid obscene cake. Ross: Hey, maybe I can fix that, you know. Try to turn it into something else.    (he opens the box) Rachel: Oh, why do you even bother? I already ruined her first birthday...    And do you know how important these early experiences are Ross? Very! According    to the back cover of that book that you gave me. Ross: Rach, she's not going to remember this. Rachel: (shakes her head) I guess... Oh, I just had such an idea of what this    day would be like, you know? Emma laughing and everybody gathered around her    cake singing "Happy Birthday". Then we would all go into... HEY GET    OUT OF THE ROAD YOU STUPID STUDENT DRIVER!!! (honks furiously, and Ross looks    at her in disbelief and Rachel looks at him.) They have to learn! Ross: (looks back at the cake) Hey! Rachel: What? Ross: It's not bad. Rachel: (she looks at the cake) Oh my God! Look what... you made it into a    bunny. How did you do that? Ross: Well, I just made these two things uhm... cheeks. And then I split this    to make ears. Rachel: Well, I'm very impressed. Ross: Some can sing, some can dance. I apparently can turn phallic cakes into    woodland creatures.  [ Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment. Chandler, Monica and Emma    are sitting on the floor, and Emma's stuffed animals are lined up in front of    them.]  Monica: Now another way to organise your stuffed animals, is by size. Chandler: I'm sorry, is this a game for Emma or for Monica? Monica: Game? Chandler: Emma, you even know it's your birthday today? You're one! One-year-old,    that's little. (With his index finger he shows her how old she is. Emma also points her finger    and babbles...) Chandler: Ooh! That's my girl! Monica: That's how old you are. Chandler: Did I teach her that? Did I just... impart wisdom? Monica: (embraces Emma tightly) Ooh, I want one... Chandler: Me too... (There's a couple of seconds of silence. Then Chandler looks around...) Chandler: There's no-one around. Why don't we just take this one? Monica: ...and head to Canada! Chandler: I was kidding. Monica: I wasn't. Let's get going! (Phoebe enters the apartment again.) Phoebe: Hey, are Ross and Rachel back? Chandler: No, not yet. Phoebe: Oh good, I didn't miss the party. Monica: What about your massage client? Phoebe: I just felt so bad, missing this. So I just slipped him a little something,    you know. As long as I'm back in five or six hours, it will be alright. (Joey comes running into the apartment, out of breath.) Joey: Okay, if Ross and Rachel ask, I've been here the whole time. THE WHOLE    TIME! (Ross and Rachel enter.) Joey: (to Ross and Rachel) I've been here the whole time! Ross: Joey, we just saw you come in. You ran past us on the stairs. Rachel: I don't care that you left. I'm just glad that you're here. Thanks    you guys! Chandler: Hey, guys! Come on! You gotta see what Emma just did. Rachel: What? Chandler: Emma, how old are you? How old are you today? (holds up his index    finger again) Emma: Wo-ish. (and holds up her finger) (Ross and Rachel gasp) Rachel: Oh! Emma, that's right! You're that many! Ross: Oh my God! Our daughter's a genius! Rach, this means... Rachel: (angrily) NO, no science camp! Ross: Damnit! I'll put a candle on the cake. Rachel: Oh!... Oh and Emma, look at your stuffed animals lined up so neatly! Monica: Thanks! Ross: Okay, here we go! Emma's first birthday cake... Well hey... well, blow    out the candle. Come on Emma. Chandler: Let's do it, come on! (Rachel wipes away some tears.) Ross: What's wrong? Are you okay? Rachel: Oh yeah, nothing! These are happy tears! This is just what I wanted. Phoebe: (pointing at cake) Hey, you made it into a bunny. Joey: What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it    was a penis.  ENDING CREDITS   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel.    They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front    of the camera.] Rachel: Okay. Ross: Okay, you ready? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: A-a-and... record. Rachel: Okay. (they both look into the camera, and Ross waves.) Hi Emma. Well,    your first birthday is over, and it was really... (There's a lot of yelling and screaming coming from the hallway, and they get    up to look at what's the noise all about. In the hallway, Monica, Chandler,    Joey and Phoebe are having another wind-up animal race, yelling and screaming    fanatically.) Phoebe: (yelling at the top of her voice) Go, go, go Alan! Run you, hairy bastard!   end    
 Monica: Now another way to organise your stuffed animals, is by size. Chandler: I'm sorry, is this a game for Emma or for Monica? Monica: Game? Chandler: Emma, you even know it's your birthday today? You're one! One-year-old,    that's little. (With his index finger he shows her how old she is. Emma also points her finger    and babbles...) Chandler: Ooh! That's my girl! Monica: That's how old you are. Chandler: Did I teach her that? Did I just... impart wisdom? Monica: (embraces Emma tightly) Ooh, I want one... Chandler: Me too... (There's a couple of seconds of silence. Then Chandler looks around...) Chandler: There's no-one around. Why don't we just take this one? Monica: ...and head to Canada! Chandler: I was kidding. Monica: I wasn't. Let's get going! (Phoebe enters the apartment again.) Phoebe: Hey, are Ross and Rachel back? Chandler: No, not yet. Phoebe: Oh good, I didn't miss the party. Monica: What about your massage client? Phoebe: I just felt so bad, missing this. So I just slipped him a little something,    you know. As long as I'm back in five or six hours, it will be alright. (Joey comes running into the apartment, out of breath.) Joey: Okay, if Ross and Rachel ask, I've been here the whole time. THE WHOLE    TIME! (Ross and Rachel enter.) Joey: (to Ross and Rachel) I've been here the whole time! Ross: Joey, we just saw you come in. You ran past us on the stairs. Rachel: I don't care that you left. I'm just glad that you're here. Thanks    you guys! Chandler: Hey, guys! Come on! You gotta see what Emma just did. Rachel: What? Chandler: Emma, how old are you? How old are you today? (holds up his index    finger again) Emma: Wo-ish. (and holds up her finger) (Ross and Rachel gasp) Rachel: Oh! Emma, that's right! You're that many! Ross: Oh my God! Our daughter's a genius! Rach, this means... Rachel: (angrily) NO, no science camp! Ross: Damnit! I'll put a candle on the cake. Rachel: Oh!... Oh and Emma, look at your stuffed animals lined up so neatly! Monica: Thanks! Ross: Okay, here we go! Emma's first birthday cake... Well hey... well, blow    out the candle. Come on Emma. Chandler: Let's do it, come on! (Rachel wipes away some tears.) Ross: What's wrong? Are you okay? Rachel: Oh yeah, nothing! These are happy tears! This is just what I wanted. Phoebe: (pointing at cake) Hey, you made it into a bunny. Joey: What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it    was a penis.  ENDING CREDITS   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel.    They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front    of the camera.] Rachel: Okay. Ross: Okay, you ready? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: A-a-and... record. Rachel: Okay. (they both look into the camera, and Ross waves.) Hi Emma. Well,    your first birthday is over, and it was really... (There's a lot of yelling and screaming coming from the hallway, and they get    up to look at what's the noise all about. In the hallway, Monica, Chandler,    Joey and Phoebe are having another wind-up animal race, yelling and screaming    fanatically.) Phoebe: (yelling at the top of her voice) Go, go, go Alan! Run you, hairy bastard!   end    
Phoebe: Hey, are Ross and Rachel back?
Phoebe: Oh good, I didn't miss the party.
Phoebe: I just felt so bad, missing this. So I just slipped him a little something,    you know. As long as I'm back in five or six hours, it will be alright.
Phoebe: (pointing at cake) Hey, you made it into a bunny.
Rachel: Okay. Ross: Okay, you ready? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: A-a-and... record. Rachel: Okay. (they both look into the camera, and Ross waves.) Hi Emma. Well,    your first birthday is over, and it was really... (There's a lot of yelling and screaming coming from the hallway, and they get    up to look at what's the noise all about. In the hallway, Monica, Chandler,    Joey and Phoebe are having another wind-up animal race, yelling and screaming    fanatically.) Phoebe: (yelling at the top of her voice) Go, go, go Alan! Run you, hairy bastard!   end    
Phoebe: (yelling at the top of her voice) Go, go, go Alan! Run you, hairy bastard! 
Written by: Dana Klein   Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa [Scene: Central Perk]   Rachel: You know, I'm thinking about letting Emma have her    first cookie. Joey: Her first cookie? She has cookies all the time! Rachel: I've never given her a cookie. Have you? Joey: No! No... and, for the record, I've also never given her a frosting from    a can! Monica: Hey Rach, the adoption agency needs letters of recommendation and we    were wondering if you would write one for us. Rachel: Of course, I'd be honored! Chandler: Thanks! Monica: Thank you! (Joey looks at them, disappointed about their decision) Joey: U-U-Um, I think there's been an oversight. Chandler: Joey, we would've asked you, we just thought you wouldn't be interested. Monica: Yeah, it's just we don't think of you as really being so much "with    the words". Joey: Whoo-weh hey weh-hey whoo hey!! Monica: Clearly we were wrong. Joey: I gotta a lot of nice stuff to say about you guys, ok? And I know how    much you wanna have a baby, you know, and I would love to help you get one. Monica: You know what? Then, Joey, we want you to do it. Joey: Thank you! Alright, let me see how I'm gonna start... "Dear baby    adoption decider people..." Chandler: So excited about your letter! (Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Hey! All: Hey Phoebe! Joey: Hey! Monica: Wow! Don't you look nice?! Phoebe: Yes, I do! Today is Mike and my one-year anniversary. Rachel: OH! What's it the anniversary of? Your first date, your first kiss,    first time you had sex... Phoebe: YEAH! Chandler: So you must be going to somewhere fancy to celebrate? Phoebe: Uh-uh. Ehm, a Knicks game. Joey: Uhm... Aren't you a little overdressed? Phoebe: Hey, you know what, I've never had a one-year anniversary before, so    no matter where we go, I'm wearing something fancy pants, and... I'm gonna put    on my finest jewelry and we're gonna have sex in a public rest room. Monica: You guys do that? Chandler won't even have sex in our bathroom! Chandler: That's where people make number two!!  OPENING CREDITS  [Scene: Ross' apartment. Ross is grading papers. Charlie approaches    him.]   Charlie: Hey! (They kiss and cuddle a little) Ross: Hey... Charlie: So, you know... I have a little time. If you... if you want to... Ross: (surprised) Oh... (he pauses) (sounds disappointed) Ohh... I'd love to    but I really have to grade these papers. Charlie: Fine, it's fine... (she whispers) I'll just shower by myself... Ross: (Writing on the papers) B, B, B, B, B! Charlie: Oh, Ross, you gave a B to a Pottery Barn catalogue. Ross: Well, it had some good ideas, take off your shirt. (they start kissing but someone knocks at the door) Ross: Damnit! Amy: (yelling from outside) Rachel!! Open up!! It's your sister!! (she knocks    on the door again) I have to talk to you!! Ross: (he opens the door) Hi Amy! Amy: You're not Rachel. Ross: Still sharp as a tack! Amy: Um... Charlie, this is Rachel's sister Amy. Amy, this is Charlie. Charlie: Hi! Amy: Hi! Charlie: Nice to meet you. Amy: H-Hi!!(to Ross) And you are...? Ross: (pause) Ross? I... I grew up on your block! We had Thanksgiving together    last year... I had a baby with your sister! Amy: (looks confused) N-no... uhm... did I buy a falafel from you yesterday? Ross: (gives up) Yes, yes, you did.   [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment]   (Ross enters the apartment with Amy) Ross: Hi Rachel! Here's your sister Amy! She thinks I need   pec implants!   Rachel: Amy! Hi! Oh-oh-hoh! (they hug) Wow! You remember Joey? Amy: Yeah! Hey, sure! The "Days of Our Lives" guy! Joey: That's right, yeah. Amy: You're not good! Joey: Always nice to meet a fan! Rachel: So now, what are you doing here? Amy: Well, I have huge news. Rachel: (Emma starts crying in the other room) Oh sorry, hold on. Let me just    check on the baby! Amy: Wait, this is important! Can Ella wait? (Rachel goes to Emma) Ross: Ehm... Her name is Emma. Amy: Why did you change it, Ella was so much prettier! Ross: What do I know? I just sell Middle Eastern food from a cart! Amy: Hey, your English is getting better!! Ross: (to Joey) Oh my God! Joey: I know, she may be the hottest girl I've ever hated. Ross: What... what you working on? Joey: (using a laptop) Oh, Monica and Chandler's recommendation. I want it    to sound smart but.. I don't know any big words or anything, so... Ross: Why don't you use your Thesaurus? Joey: What did I just say? Ross: Watch. (he takes the laptop) Here, you ehm... You highlight the word    you want to change.   Go under Tools and the Thesaurus generates... 'gives'... 'gives' a whole list    of choices. You can pick the word that sounds smartest. Joey: Oh my God, that's great! I'm smart!! No, no, I'm... (he uses the Thesaurus)    "brainy, bright, clever", I love this thing! Look out ladies, Joey    Tribbiani's got the whole package!!   [Scene: Rachel's room. Rachel is attending to Emma. Amy is standing    behind her.]    Rachel: God! Amy: So beautiful. Rachel: Oh, I know, isn't she? Amy: No, I was talking about your bedding. Rachel: All right. What's your news, Amy? Amy: Oh! Um... Well... I'm getting married. Rachel: What? Oh my God! To who? Amy: This guy! He has a killer apartment. Rachel: A-And?? Amy: A-And it's on Fifth. And the elevator opens up right into the living room. Rachel: No, what's he like? Amy: Oh! He's ok. Do you remember my old boyfriend Mark? Rachel: Yeah. Amy: It's his dad. Rachel: Huh... wow, so he's gotta be... Amy: Old? Yeah! But he travels a lot, so he's hardly ever there. Rachel: Sweety, I gotta tell ya... it sounds a little bit like you like the    apartment more than you like... Amy: Myron. Hmm... I told you he was old! Rachel: Oh... sit down, sit down. Oh, honey, you know, I once also almost married    somebody that I didn’t love. Do you remember Barry? Amy: Humpf, remember him? How we used to make out all the time after you went    to sleep. Rachel: Sometimes just nodding is ok. (pause) Uhm, so but   anyway, listen, not marrying Barry was the best decision that I ever, ever   made. Honey, you deserve   true love. Your soulmate is out there, somewhere. Someone that is your age,   that is smart, that is fun and that you care about! Amy: (thinks about it) You’re right, you’re right! I’m gonna    do it! Rachel: Ok. Amy: I’m gonna marry Myron and keep looking   for Mr Right. Rachel: Ok, let’s keep talking.   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Mike and Phoebe are walking to    their seats.]   Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. (looking    at her ticket). Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my    seat. It's my anniversary. (to Mike) Here we are! (Mike nods). Can’t believe    it's been a whole year!  Mike: I know. This has been the best year... (the crowd starts cheering so    he starts yelling) THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND (crowd stops cheering) YOU'RE    AMAZING IN BED (everyone hears it and stare at them.) (to everybody) IT’S    OUR ANNIVERSARY! Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. (on the    screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes    on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her) Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. Mike: Really? Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! Mike: (looks strangely shocked) Excuse me... (he leaves, then Phoebe realizes  what she did).   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room]   Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to    Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the    longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. Chandler: (reading) I don’t... uh... understand. Joey: (sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated    for ya? Monica: (also reading it) It doesn’t make any sense. Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! Chandler: On every word? Joey: Yep! Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? (shows the sentence to    Joey) Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens    with full sized aortic pumps...? Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. Joey: Why not? Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani (Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that'    look). Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just    be yourself! Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from  here, (points at his own heart) your full sized aortic pump.   [Scene: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel    opens the door.]   Rachel: Amy, hi! Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. Rachel: Oh, good for you!  Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. (Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does    not notice the huge amount of bags) Joey: Ah, look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH,    WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! Joey: What? Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! (she snaps her finger and points at Joey,  snaps her fingers again and points to the bags) Come on!   [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room    and Joey comes out of his room.]   Joey: You slept out here? Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get    off!’ Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re    getting rid of her. Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping    Amy badly) "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!"    I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think    it’s really good that she’s here. Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was    a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of    me. Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t    think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys.    See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna    take patience, but that’s ok. Amy: Good morning. Joey: Yeaah. Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why    I hung it on the door. Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time    for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. (points    at her eyebrows) I am not happy. (to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands)    Oh... sure you wanna eat that? Joey: (yelling at her) I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!   [Scene: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler    are there, Phoebe enters the room]   Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote    me a rap song. Ross: Seriously? Chandler: Word! Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. Rachel: Well, what happened? Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the    big screen thing... Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning    on proposing to me that same way last night! Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna    propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean,    I said no in Barbados and now this! Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... (stops himself   mid-sentence...everyone stares at him) Did I just say if I were a   guy..? Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to    him! Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? Monica: I proposed to Chandler! (Phoebe stops herself from laughing) Alright,    moving on... Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! Monica: Thank you. Phoebe: (To Rachel and Ross) Well, do you think   I should propose? Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? Rachel: (Sarcastically) Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? (claps her hands    together, faking excitement) Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to,    plus he'd never suspect it! Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two (points    to Ross and Chandler) like that? Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think?  (Amy walks in carrying a phone handset) Amy: (To Rachel) Nana is on the phone (Hands the phone over to Rachel) Rachel: (Takes the phone) Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years    ago!! Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? Rachel: (Into the phone) Hello? (announces to Amy) Oh, it's our nanny! (goes    back to the phone conversation) Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye!    (Hangs up) (To Ross) That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had?    Because my throat's been hurting? Rachel: Menstrual cramps. Ross: I don't think that's what this is. Rachel: (To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe) Can any of you watch Emma? Monica: No, sorry sweety.. Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. Rachel: (To Ross) Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? Amy: Well, I can do it. Rachel: (Thinks for a moment) Well, actually...  Ross: (He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other    side of the room) Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. Rachel: Why not? Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!  Rachel: (Defends Amy) Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. Rachel: (Shocked) Wha... the next one? Ross: (a little confused) Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge    breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! Ross: I... I don't know.. Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows (points    at her own to emphasize the word) shaped to do this alright? Do you understand    how important that is in our world? (Amy approaches from behind) Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to...    Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's    been so wonderful to me... (looks at hem pleadingly) (Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently) Rachel: Absolutely. Amy: (very excited) Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? (Ross just gives up  and leaves)   [Scene: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk    in.]   Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. (Chandler and Monica look shocked) Monica: You dropped it off? Joey: Yeah. Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to    hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked) Monica: You hand-wrote it? Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at   all! See ya later! (Leaves) Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our    file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples    that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? (Takes out his mobile) I'll just    call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. (starts dialing) Monica: Okay good. Chandler: (on the phone) Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped    off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. (listens) Uh-huh... Uh-huh...    okay... thank you. Good-bye. (hangs up looking very confused). Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way    to the bird store. Chandler: (Still looks confused) They loved it. Monica: What? Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a   child write the recommendation letter. Monica: (surprised) They thought Joey was a child? Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings. (Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller) Amy: Hi! Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. Chandler: That sounds like fun. Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. (Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma) Rachel: (To Emma) Hey! Hi, how's my girl? Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? Rachel: (sounds excited) Yeah! (Amy takes off Emma's hat) Amy: Ta-daaa! (Rachel looks at Emma) Rachel: (not excited anymore) You pierced her ears!? Amy: (Very excited about it) Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? (Rachel looks very shocked) COMMERCIAL BREAK  Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me?  Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would    it? Chandler: I think she looks cute. (Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily)    ... but I am wrong! Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? Rachel: Ugh. (takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it) (Ross enters) Ross: Hey guys.   Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see.    (Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him). Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see.  Ross: Why not? Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was    in a milk carton but it looked like meat? Ross: Come here (Removes Emma's hat) Oh! There she is! Hi! (Rachel looks worried) Ross: (sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him) What? Rachel: Nothing. Ross: (Back to Emma) Hi! (Looks at her) What... (Moves the stroller away from    him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he    realizes the difference and gasps). Please tell me those are clip-ons.  Rachel: Oh, they're real! Ross: Did she (points at Amy) do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have    left Emma with her! Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. (To Amy)   You are soo irresponsible   I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs    to have a cool fun aunt! Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! Amy: (Sarcastically) O-Okay! Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure    out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going    to do with my life. Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. Rachel: (looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief) What? Ross: That's not a thing! Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what    colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... Rachel: (shouting) Babies don't care if they're slim. Amy: Enter Amy! Ross: (very angry) Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... Amy: What? What are you gonna do? Ross: (pointing at Amy, shouting) No more falafel for you! (Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant  and looks at Ross who gestures "later".)   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the    game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.]   Mike: Great game, huh? Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... (seems distracted) Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. (looking up) Please let the Knicks win... Thank    you Thor! (Mike is standing up) Where... where are you going? Mike: Going go to the bathroom. Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. Mike: Why? Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the    nutrients. Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. (We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then    we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of    Mike.) Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? (Mike looks bewildered) Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing   to him. Guess we know who wears the pants in that family.   (people are laughing, while   Mike still seems bewildered) Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! (There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand    in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him) Phoebe: Hey, hey! (shouting) Boo us? Boo you!   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone    rings.]   Joey: (picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani...    Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home    right now... (looks puzzled) Okay, bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was    nice! (Rachel and Amy enter) Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! Joey: Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachel's room) Amy: You're kicking me out?  Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl! Rachel: (gasps) I can't believe I ever even tried to help   you. You are so  beyond help. Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. Rachel: Excuse me? Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then,    I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws (frantically pointing    at her nose) And suddenly I am the bad guy? Rachel: (yelling) Joey, where are those bags? Joey: (Yelling from Rachel's room) She has a lot of crap! Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great.    Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without    that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... Rachel: (doesn't believe what she's hearing) Seriously? Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. Rachel: Hips or thighs? Amy: Ass and face. Rachel: (gasps) Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking    about real stuff. Rachel: (embarrassed) Oh, I can give you that. Amy: You can? Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're...    you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. Amy: (touched) Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. Rachel: Did you just say Emma? Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella.  [Scene: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.]   Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking    about. Mike, obviously you have balls. Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. Phoebe: (the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table) I would love it. Consider    it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose,    I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball    game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who    hides it in the cake. (Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.) Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? Mike: (puts on a fake smile) Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? (he    takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin) Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm    sorry! Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and    all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my    life with you. (Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face) Mike: I'm gonna do this now. Phoebe: Oh my God! (Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.) Mike: Phoebe, I... Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! (she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring    finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then...) Oh no! (She was    wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.) Mike: Ready? Phoebe: Uh-huh! (and now Mike kneels properly) Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry    me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow    old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? Phoebe: Yes! (Mike puts the ring on her finger) Mike: I love you! Phoebe: I love you more! Mike: Not possible! (they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...) She's gonna    be Mrs. No Balls. (They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.) COMMERCIAL BREAK   [Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are    walking on the sidewalk.]   Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies    are ugly.  Rachel: That's shocking! Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! (She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand,    whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair.) Hello-oo Ross! (to    Rachel) He's rude! THE END     
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Yes, I do! Today is Mike and my one-year anniversary.
Phoebe: YEAH!
Phoebe: Uh-uh. Ehm, a Knicks game.
Phoebe: Hey, you know what, I've never had a one-year anniversary before, so    no matter where we go, I'm wearing something fancy pants, and... I'm gonna put    on my finest jewelry and we're gonna have sex in a public rest room.
   Rachel: God! Amy: So beautiful. Rachel: Oh, I know, isn't she? Amy: No, I was talking about your bedding. Rachel: All right. What's your news, Amy? Amy: Oh! Um... Well... I'm getting married. Rachel: What? Oh my God! To who? Amy: This guy! He has a killer apartment. Rachel: A-And?? Amy: A-And it's on Fifth. And the elevator opens up right into the living room. Rachel: No, what's he like? Amy: Oh! He's ok. Do you remember my old boyfriend Mark? Rachel: Yeah. Amy: It's his dad. Rachel: Huh... wow, so he's gotta be... Amy: Old? Yeah! But he travels a lot, so he's hardly ever there. Rachel: Sweety, I gotta tell ya... it sounds a little bit like you like the    apartment more than you like... Amy: Myron. Hmm... I told you he was old! Rachel: Oh... sit down, sit down. Oh, honey, you know, I once also almost married    somebody that I didn’t love. Do you remember Barry? Amy: Humpf, remember him? How we used to make out all the time after you went    to sleep. Rachel: Sometimes just nodding is ok. (pause) Uhm, so but   anyway, listen, not marrying Barry was the best decision that I ever, ever   made. Honey, you deserve   true love. Your soulmate is out there, somewhere. Someone that is your age,   that is smart, that is fun and that you care about! Amy: (thinks about it) You’re right, you’re right! I’m gonna    do it! Rachel: Ok. Amy: I’m gonna marry Myron and keep looking   for Mr Right. Rachel: Ok, let’s keep talking.   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Mike and Phoebe are walking to    their seats.]   Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. (looking    at her ticket). Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my    seat. It's my anniversary. (to Mike) Here we are! (Mike nods). Can’t believe    it's been a whole year!  Mike: I know. This has been the best year... (the crowd starts cheering so    he starts yelling) THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND (crowd stops cheering) YOU'RE    AMAZING IN BED (everyone hears it and stare at them.) (to everybody) IT’S    OUR ANNIVERSARY! Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. (on the    screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes    on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her) Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. Mike: Really? Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! Mike: (looks strangely shocked) Excuse me... (he leaves, then Phoebe realizes  what she did).   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room]   Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to    Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the    longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. Chandler: (reading) I don’t... uh... understand. Joey: (sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated    for ya? Monica: (also reading it) It doesn’t make any sense. Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! Chandler: On every word? Joey: Yep! Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? (shows the sentence to    Joey) Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens    with full sized aortic pumps...? Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. Joey: Why not? Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani (Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that'    look). Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just    be yourself! Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from  here, (points at his own heart) your full sized aortic pump.   [Scene: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel    opens the door.]   Rachel: Amy, hi! Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. Rachel: Oh, good for you!  Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. (Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does    not notice the huge amount of bags) Joey: Ah, look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH,    WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! Joey: What? Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! (she snaps her finger and points at Joey,  snaps her fingers again and points to the bags) Come on!   [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room    and Joey comes out of his room.]   Joey: You slept out here? Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get    off!’ Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re    getting rid of her. Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping    Amy badly) "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!"    I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think    it’s really good that she’s here. Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was    a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of    me. Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t    think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys.    See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna    take patience, but that’s ok. Amy: Good morning. Joey: Yeaah. Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why    I hung it on the door. Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time    for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. (points    at her eyebrows) I am not happy. (to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands)    Oh... sure you wanna eat that? Joey: (yelling at her) I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!   [Scene: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler    are there, Phoebe enters the room]   Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote    me a rap song. Ross: Seriously? Chandler: Word! Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. Rachel: Well, what happened? Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the    big screen thing... Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning    on proposing to me that same way last night! Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna    propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean,    I said no in Barbados and now this! Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... (stops himself   mid-sentence...everyone stares at him) Did I just say if I were a   guy..? Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to    him! Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? Monica: I proposed to Chandler! (Phoebe stops herself from laughing) Alright,    moving on... Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! Monica: Thank you. Phoebe: (To Rachel and Ross) Well, do you think   I should propose? Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? Rachel: (Sarcastically) Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? (claps her hands    together, faking excitement) Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to,    plus he'd never suspect it! Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two (points    to Ross and Chandler) like that? Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think?  (Amy walks in carrying a phone handset) Amy: (To Rachel) Nana is on the phone (Hands the phone over to Rachel) Rachel: (Takes the phone) Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years    ago!! Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? Rachel: (Into the phone) Hello? (announces to Amy) Oh, it's our nanny! (goes    back to the phone conversation) Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye!    (Hangs up) (To Ross) That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had?    Because my throat's been hurting? Rachel: Menstrual cramps. Ross: I don't think that's what this is. Rachel: (To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe) Can any of you watch Emma? Monica: No, sorry sweety.. Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. Rachel: (To Ross) Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? Amy: Well, I can do it. Rachel: (Thinks for a moment) Well, actually...  Ross: (He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other    side of the room) Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. Rachel: Why not? Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!  Rachel: (Defends Amy) Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. Rachel: (Shocked) Wha... the next one? Ross: (a little confused) Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge    breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! Ross: I... I don't know.. Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows (points    at her own to emphasize the word) shaped to do this alright? Do you understand    how important that is in our world? (Amy approaches from behind) Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to...    Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's    been so wonderful to me... (looks at hem pleadingly) (Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently) Rachel: Absolutely. Amy: (very excited) Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? (Ross just gives up  and leaves)   [Scene: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk    in.]   Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. (Chandler and Monica look shocked) Monica: You dropped it off? Joey: Yeah. Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to    hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked) Monica: You hand-wrote it? Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at   all! See ya later! (Leaves) Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our    file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples    that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? (Takes out his mobile) I'll just    call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. (starts dialing) Monica: Okay good. Chandler: (on the phone) Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped    off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. (listens) Uh-huh... Uh-huh...    okay... thank you. Good-bye. (hangs up looking very confused). Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way    to the bird store. Chandler: (Still looks confused) They loved it. Monica: What? Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a   child write the recommendation letter. Monica: (surprised) They thought Joey was a child? Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings. (Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller) Amy: Hi! Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. Chandler: That sounds like fun. Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. (Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma) Rachel: (To Emma) Hey! Hi, how's my girl? Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? Rachel: (sounds excited) Yeah! (Amy takes off Emma's hat) Amy: Ta-daaa! (Rachel looks at Emma) Rachel: (not excited anymore) You pierced her ears!? Amy: (Very excited about it) Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? (Rachel looks very shocked) COMMERCIAL BREAK  Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me?  Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would    it? Chandler: I think she looks cute. (Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily)    ... but I am wrong! Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? Rachel: Ugh. (takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it) (Ross enters) Ross: Hey guys.   Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see.    (Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him). Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see.  Ross: Why not? Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was    in a milk carton but it looked like meat? Ross: Come here (Removes Emma's hat) Oh! There she is! Hi! (Rachel looks worried) Ross: (sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him) What? Rachel: Nothing. Ross: (Back to Emma) Hi! (Looks at her) What... (Moves the stroller away from    him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he    realizes the difference and gasps). Please tell me those are clip-ons.  Rachel: Oh, they're real! Ross: Did she (points at Amy) do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have    left Emma with her! Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. (To Amy)   You are soo irresponsible   I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs    to have a cool fun aunt! Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! Amy: (Sarcastically) O-Okay! Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure    out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going    to do with my life. Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. Rachel: (looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief) What? Ross: That's not a thing! Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what    colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... Rachel: (shouting) Babies don't care if they're slim. Amy: Enter Amy! Ross: (very angry) Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... Amy: What? What are you gonna do? Ross: (pointing at Amy, shouting) No more falafel for you! (Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant  and looks at Ross who gestures "later".)   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the    game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.]   Mike: Great game, huh? Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... (seems distracted) Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. (looking up) Please let the Knicks win... Thank    you Thor! (Mike is standing up) Where... where are you going? Mike: Going go to the bathroom. Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. Mike: Why? Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the    nutrients. Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. (We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then    we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of    Mike.) Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? (Mike looks bewildered) Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing   to him. Guess we know who wears the pants in that family.   (people are laughing, while   Mike still seems bewildered) Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! (There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand    in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him) Phoebe: Hey, hey! (shouting) Boo us? Boo you!   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone    rings.]   Joey: (picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani...    Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home    right now... (looks puzzled) Okay, bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was    nice! (Rachel and Amy enter) Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! Joey: Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachel's room) Amy: You're kicking me out?  Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl! Rachel: (gasps) I can't believe I ever even tried to help   you. You are so  beyond help. Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. Rachel: Excuse me? Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then,    I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws (frantically pointing    at her nose) And suddenly I am the bad guy? Rachel: (yelling) Joey, where are those bags? Joey: (Yelling from Rachel's room) She has a lot of crap! Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great.    Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without    that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... Rachel: (doesn't believe what she's hearing) Seriously? Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. Rachel: Hips or thighs? Amy: Ass and face. Rachel: (gasps) Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking    about real stuff. Rachel: (embarrassed) Oh, I can give you that. Amy: You can? Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're...    you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. Amy: (touched) Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. Rachel: Did you just say Emma? Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella.  [Scene: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.]   Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking    about. Mike, obviously you have balls. Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. Phoebe: (the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table) I would love it. Consider    it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose,    I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball    game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who    hides it in the cake. (Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.) Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? Mike: (puts on a fake smile) Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? (he    takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin) Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm    sorry! Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and    all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my    life with you. (Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face) Mike: I'm gonna do this now. Phoebe: Oh my God! (Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.) Mike: Phoebe, I... Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! (she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring    finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then...) Oh no! (She was    wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.) Mike: Ready? Phoebe: Uh-huh! (and now Mike kneels properly) Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry    me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow    old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? Phoebe: Yes! (Mike puts the ring on her finger) Mike: I love you! Phoebe: I love you more! Mike: Not possible! (they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...) She's gonna    be Mrs. No Balls. (They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.) COMMERCIAL BREAK   [Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are    walking on the sidewalk.]   Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies    are ugly.  Rachel: That's shocking! Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! (She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand,    whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair.) Hello-oo Ross! (to    Rachel) He's rude! THE END     
 Rachel: God! Amy: So beautiful. Rachel: Oh, I know, isn't she? Amy: No, I was talking about your bedding. Rachel: All right. What's your news, Amy? Amy: Oh! Um... Well... I'm getting married. Rachel: What? Oh my God! To who? Amy: This guy! He has a killer apartment. Rachel: A-And?? Amy: A-And it's on Fifth. And the elevator opens up right into the living room. Rachel: No, what's he like? Amy: Oh! He's ok. Do you remember my old boyfriend Mark? Rachel: Yeah. Amy: It's his dad. Rachel: Huh... wow, so he's gotta be... Amy: Old? Yeah! But he travels a lot, so he's hardly ever there. Rachel: Sweety, I gotta tell ya... it sounds a little bit like you like the    apartment more than you like... Amy: Myron. Hmm... I told you he was old! Rachel: Oh... sit down, sit down. Oh, honey, you know, I once also almost married    somebody that I didn’t love. Do you remember Barry? Amy: Humpf, remember him? How we used to make out all the time after you went    to sleep. Rachel: Sometimes just nodding is ok. (pause) Uhm, so but   anyway, listen, not marrying Barry was the best decision that I ever, ever   made. Honey, you deserve   true love. Your soulmate is out there, somewhere. Someone that is your age,   that is smart, that is fun and that you care about! Amy: (thinks about it) You’re right, you’re right! I’m gonna    do it! Rachel: Ok. Amy: I’m gonna marry Myron and keep looking   for Mr Right. Rachel: Ok, let’s keep talking.   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Mike and Phoebe are walking to    their seats.]   Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. (looking    at her ticket). Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my    seat. It's my anniversary. (to Mike) Here we are! (Mike nods). Can’t believe    it's been a whole year!  Mike: I know. This has been the best year... (the crowd starts cheering so    he starts yelling) THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND (crowd stops cheering) YOU'RE    AMAZING IN BED (everyone hears it and stare at them.) (to everybody) IT’S    OUR ANNIVERSARY! Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. (on the    screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes    on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her) Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. Mike: Really? Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! Mike: (looks strangely shocked) Excuse me... (he leaves, then Phoebe realizes  what she did).   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room]   Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to    Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the    longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. Chandler: (reading) I don’t... uh... understand. Joey: (sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated    for ya? Monica: (also reading it) It doesn’t make any sense. Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! Chandler: On every word? Joey: Yep! Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? (shows the sentence to    Joey) Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens    with full sized aortic pumps...? Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. Joey: Why not? Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani (Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that'    look). Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just    be yourself! Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from  here, (points at his own heart) your full sized aortic pump.   [Scene: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel    opens the door.]   Rachel: Amy, hi! Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. Rachel: Oh, good for you!  Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. (Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does    not notice the huge amount of bags) Joey: Ah, look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH,    WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! Joey: What? Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! (she snaps her finger and points at Joey,  snaps her fingers again and points to the bags) Come on!   [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room    and Joey comes out of his room.]   Joey: You slept out here? Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get    off!’ Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re    getting rid of her. Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping    Amy badly) "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!"    I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think    it’s really good that she’s here. Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was    a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of    me. Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t    think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys.    See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna    take patience, but that’s ok. Amy: Good morning. Joey: Yeaah. Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why    I hung it on the door. Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time    for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. (points    at her eyebrows) I am not happy. (to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands)    Oh... sure you wanna eat that? Joey: (yelling at her) I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!   [Scene: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler    are there, Phoebe enters the room]   Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote    me a rap song. Ross: Seriously? Chandler: Word! Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. Rachel: Well, what happened? Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the    big screen thing... Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning    on proposing to me that same way last night! Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna    propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean,    I said no in Barbados and now this! Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... (stops himself   mid-sentence...everyone stares at him) Did I just say if I were a   guy..? Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to    him! Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? Monica: I proposed to Chandler! (Phoebe stops herself from laughing) Alright,    moving on... Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! Monica: Thank you. Phoebe: (To Rachel and Ross) Well, do you think   I should propose? Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? Rachel: (Sarcastically) Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? (claps her hands    together, faking excitement) Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to,    plus he'd never suspect it! Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two (points    to Ross and Chandler) like that? Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think?  (Amy walks in carrying a phone handset) Amy: (To Rachel) Nana is on the phone (Hands the phone over to Rachel) Rachel: (Takes the phone) Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years    ago!! Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? Rachel: (Into the phone) Hello? (announces to Amy) Oh, it's our nanny! (goes    back to the phone conversation) Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye!    (Hangs up) (To Ross) That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had?    Because my throat's been hurting? Rachel: Menstrual cramps. Ross: I don't think that's what this is. Rachel: (To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe) Can any of you watch Emma? Monica: No, sorry sweety.. Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. Rachel: (To Ross) Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? Amy: Well, I can do it. Rachel: (Thinks for a moment) Well, actually...  Ross: (He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other    side of the room) Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. Rachel: Why not? Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!  Rachel: (Defends Amy) Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. Rachel: (Shocked) Wha... the next one? Ross: (a little confused) Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge    breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! Ross: I... I don't know.. Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows (points    at her own to emphasize the word) shaped to do this alright? Do you understand    how important that is in our world? (Amy approaches from behind) Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to...    Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's    been so wonderful to me... (looks at hem pleadingly) (Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently) Rachel: Absolutely. Amy: (very excited) Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? (Ross just gives up  and leaves)   [Scene: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk    in.]   Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. (Chandler and Monica look shocked) Monica: You dropped it off? Joey: Yeah. Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to    hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked) Monica: You hand-wrote it? Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at   all! See ya later! (Leaves) Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our    file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples    that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? (Takes out his mobile) I'll just    call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. (starts dialing) Monica: Okay good. Chandler: (on the phone) Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped    off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. (listens) Uh-huh... Uh-huh...    okay... thank you. Good-bye. (hangs up looking very confused). Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way    to the bird store. Chandler: (Still looks confused) They loved it. Monica: What? Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a   child write the recommendation letter. Monica: (surprised) They thought Joey was a child? Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings. (Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller) Amy: Hi! Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. Chandler: That sounds like fun. Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. (Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma) Rachel: (To Emma) Hey! Hi, how's my girl? Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? Rachel: (sounds excited) Yeah! (Amy takes off Emma's hat) Amy: Ta-daaa! (Rachel looks at Emma) Rachel: (not excited anymore) You pierced her ears!? Amy: (Very excited about it) Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? (Rachel looks very shocked) COMMERCIAL BREAK  Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me?  Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would    it? Chandler: I think she looks cute. (Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily)    ... but I am wrong! Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? Rachel: Ugh. (takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it) (Ross enters) Ross: Hey guys.   Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see.    (Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him). Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see.  Ross: Why not? Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was    in a milk carton but it looked like meat? Ross: Come here (Removes Emma's hat) Oh! There she is! Hi! (Rachel looks worried) Ross: (sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him) What? Rachel: Nothing. Ross: (Back to Emma) Hi! (Looks at her) What... (Moves the stroller away from    him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he    realizes the difference and gasps). Please tell me those are clip-ons.  Rachel: Oh, they're real! Ross: Did she (points at Amy) do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have    left Emma with her! Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. (To Amy)   You are soo irresponsible   I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs    to have a cool fun aunt! Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! Amy: (Sarcastically) O-Okay! Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure    out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going    to do with my life. Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. Rachel: (looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief) What? Ross: That's not a thing! Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what    colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... Rachel: (shouting) Babies don't care if they're slim. Amy: Enter Amy! Ross: (very angry) Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... Amy: What? What are you gonna do? Ross: (pointing at Amy, shouting) No more falafel for you! (Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant  and looks at Ross who gestures "later".)   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the    game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.]   Mike: Great game, huh? Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... (seems distracted) Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. (looking up) Please let the Knicks win... Thank    you Thor! (Mike is standing up) Where... where are you going? Mike: Going go to the bathroom. Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. Mike: Why? Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the    nutrients. Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. (We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then    we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of    Mike.) Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? (Mike looks bewildered) Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing   to him. Guess we know who wears the pants in that family.   (people are laughing, while   Mike still seems bewildered) Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! (There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand    in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him) Phoebe: Hey, hey! (shouting) Boo us? Boo you!   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone    rings.]   Joey: (picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani...    Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home    right now... (looks puzzled) Okay, bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was    nice! (Rachel and Amy enter) Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! Joey: Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachel's room) Amy: You're kicking me out?  Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl! Rachel: (gasps) I can't believe I ever even tried to help   you. You are so  beyond help. Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. Rachel: Excuse me? Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then,    I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws (frantically pointing    at her nose) And suddenly I am the bad guy? Rachel: (yelling) Joey, where are those bags? Joey: (Yelling from Rachel's room) She has a lot of crap! Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great.    Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without    that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... Rachel: (doesn't believe what she's hearing) Seriously? Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. Rachel: Hips or thighs? Amy: Ass and face. Rachel: (gasps) Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking    about real stuff. Rachel: (embarrassed) Oh, I can give you that. Amy: You can? Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're...    you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. Amy: (touched) Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. Rachel: Did you just say Emma? Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella.  [Scene: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.]   Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking    about. Mike, obviously you have balls. Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. Phoebe: (the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table) I would love it. Consider    it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose,    I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball    game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who    hides it in the cake. (Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.) Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? Mike: (puts on a fake smile) Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? (he    takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin) Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm    sorry! Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and    all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my    life with you. (Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face) Mike: I'm gonna do this now. Phoebe: Oh my God! (Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.) Mike: Phoebe, I... Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! (she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring    finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then...) Oh no! (She was    wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.) Mike: Ready? Phoebe: Uh-huh! (and now Mike kneels properly) Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry    me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow    old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? Phoebe: Yes! (Mike puts the ring on her finger) Mike: I love you! Phoebe: I love you more! Mike: Not possible! (they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...) She's gonna    be Mrs. No Balls. (They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.) COMMERCIAL BREAK   [Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are    walking on the sidewalk.]   Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies    are ugly.  Rachel: That's shocking! Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! (She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand,    whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair.) Hello-oo Ross! (to    Rachel) He's rude! THE END     
  Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. (looking    at her ticket). Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my    seat. It's my anniversary. (to Mike) Here we are! (Mike nods). Can’t believe    it's been a whole year!  Mike: I know. This has been the best year... (the crowd starts cheering so    he starts yelling) THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND (crowd stops cheering) YOU'RE    AMAZING IN BED (everyone hears it and stare at them.) (to everybody) IT’S    OUR ANNIVERSARY! Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. (on the    screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes    on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her) Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. Mike: Really? Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! Mike: (looks strangely shocked) Excuse me... (he leaves, then Phoebe realizes  what she did).   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room]   Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to    Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the    longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. Chandler: (reading) I don’t... uh... understand. Joey: (sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated    for ya? Monica: (also reading it) It doesn’t make any sense. Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! Chandler: On every word? Joey: Yep! Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? (shows the sentence to    Joey) Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens    with full sized aortic pumps...? Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. Joey: Why not? Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani (Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that'    look). Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just    be yourself! Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from  here, (points at his own heart) your full sized aortic pump.   [Scene: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel    opens the door.]   Rachel: Amy, hi! Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. Rachel: Oh, good for you!  Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. (Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does    not notice the huge amount of bags) Joey: Ah, look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH,    WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! Joey: What? Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! (she snaps her finger and points at Joey,  snaps her fingers again and points to the bags) Come on!   [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room    and Joey comes out of his room.]   Joey: You slept out here? Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get    off!’ Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re    getting rid of her. Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping    Amy badly) "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!"    I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think    it’s really good that she’s here. Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was    a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of    me. Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t    think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys.    See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna    take patience, but that’s ok. Amy: Good morning. Joey: Yeaah. Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why    I hung it on the door. Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time    for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. (points    at her eyebrows) I am not happy. (to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands)    Oh... sure you wanna eat that? Joey: (yelling at her) I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!   [Scene: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler    are there, Phoebe enters the room]   Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote    me a rap song. Ross: Seriously? Chandler: Word! Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. Rachel: Well, what happened? Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the    big screen thing... Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning    on proposing to me that same way last night! Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna    propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean,    I said no in Barbados and now this! Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... (stops himself   mid-sentence...everyone stares at him) Did I just say if I were a   guy..? Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to    him! Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? Monica: I proposed to Chandler! (Phoebe stops herself from laughing) Alright,    moving on... Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! Monica: Thank you. Phoebe: (To Rachel and Ross) Well, do you think   I should propose? Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? Rachel: (Sarcastically) Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? (claps her hands    together, faking excitement) Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to,    plus he'd never suspect it! Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two (points    to Ross and Chandler) like that? Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think?  (Amy walks in carrying a phone handset) Amy: (To Rachel) Nana is on the phone (Hands the phone over to Rachel) Rachel: (Takes the phone) Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years    ago!! Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? Rachel: (Into the phone) Hello? (announces to Amy) Oh, it's our nanny! (goes    back to the phone conversation) Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye!    (Hangs up) (To Ross) That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had?    Because my throat's been hurting? Rachel: Menstrual cramps. Ross: I don't think that's what this is. Rachel: (To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe) Can any of you watch Emma? Monica: No, sorry sweety.. Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. Rachel: (To Ross) Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? Amy: Well, I can do it. Rachel: (Thinks for a moment) Well, actually...  Ross: (He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other    side of the room) Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. Rachel: Why not? Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!  Rachel: (Defends Amy) Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. Rachel: (Shocked) Wha... the next one? Ross: (a little confused) Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge    breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! Ross: I... I don't know.. Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows (points    at her own to emphasize the word) shaped to do this alright? Do you understand    how important that is in our world? (Amy approaches from behind) Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to...    Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's    been so wonderful to me... (looks at hem pleadingly) (Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently) Rachel: Absolutely. Amy: (very excited) Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? (Ross just gives up  and leaves)   [Scene: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk    in.]   Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. (Chandler and Monica look shocked) Monica: You dropped it off? Joey: Yeah. Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to    hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked) Monica: You hand-wrote it? Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at   all! See ya later! (Leaves) Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our    file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples    that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? (Takes out his mobile) I'll just    call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. (starts dialing) Monica: Okay good. Chandler: (on the phone) Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped    off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. (listens) Uh-huh... Uh-huh...    okay... thank you. Good-bye. (hangs up looking very confused). Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way    to the bird store. Chandler: (Still looks confused) They loved it. Monica: What? Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a   child write the recommendation letter. Monica: (surprised) They thought Joey was a child? Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings. (Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller) Amy: Hi! Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. Chandler: That sounds like fun. Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. (Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma) Rachel: (To Emma) Hey! Hi, how's my girl? Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? Rachel: (sounds excited) Yeah! (Amy takes off Emma's hat) Amy: Ta-daaa! (Rachel looks at Emma) Rachel: (not excited anymore) You pierced her ears!? Amy: (Very excited about it) Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? (Rachel looks very shocked) COMMERCIAL BREAK  Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me?  Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would    it? Chandler: I think she looks cute. (Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily)    ... but I am wrong! Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? Rachel: Ugh. (takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it) (Ross enters) Ross: Hey guys.   Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see.    (Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him). Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see.  Ross: Why not? Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was    in a milk carton but it looked like meat? Ross: Come here (Removes Emma's hat) Oh! There she is! Hi! (Rachel looks worried) Ross: (sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him) What? Rachel: Nothing. Ross: (Back to Emma) Hi! (Looks at her) What... (Moves the stroller away from    him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he    realizes the difference and gasps). Please tell me those are clip-ons.  Rachel: Oh, they're real! Ross: Did she (points at Amy) do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have    left Emma with her! Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. (To Amy)   You are soo irresponsible   I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs    to have a cool fun aunt! Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! Amy: (Sarcastically) O-Okay! Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure    out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going    to do with my life. Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. Rachel: (looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief) What? Ross: That's not a thing! Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what    colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... Rachel: (shouting) Babies don't care if they're slim. Amy: Enter Amy! Ross: (very angry) Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... Amy: What? What are you gonna do? Ross: (pointing at Amy, shouting) No more falafel for you! (Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant  and looks at Ross who gestures "later".)   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the    game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.]   Mike: Great game, huh? Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... (seems distracted) Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. (looking up) Please let the Knicks win... Thank    you Thor! (Mike is standing up) Where... where are you going? Mike: Going go to the bathroom. Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. Mike: Why? Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the    nutrients. Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. (We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then    we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of    Mike.) Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? (Mike looks bewildered) Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing   to him. Guess we know who wears the pants in that family.   (people are laughing, while   Mike still seems bewildered) Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! (There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand    in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him) Phoebe: Hey, hey! (shouting) Boo us? Boo you!   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone    rings.]   Joey: (picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani...    Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home    right now... (looks puzzled) Okay, bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was    nice! (Rachel and Amy enter) Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! Joey: Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachel's room) Amy: You're kicking me out?  Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl! Rachel: (gasps) I can't believe I ever even tried to help   you. You are so  beyond help. Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. Rachel: Excuse me? Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then,    I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws (frantically pointing    at her nose) And suddenly I am the bad guy? Rachel: (yelling) Joey, where are those bags? Joey: (Yelling from Rachel's room) She has a lot of crap! Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great.    Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without    that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... Rachel: (doesn't believe what she's hearing) Seriously? Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. Rachel: Hips or thighs? Amy: Ass and face. Rachel: (gasps) Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking    about real stuff. Rachel: (embarrassed) Oh, I can give you that. Amy: You can? Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're...    you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. Amy: (touched) Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. Rachel: Did you just say Emma? Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella.  [Scene: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.]   Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking    about. Mike, obviously you have balls. Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. Phoebe: (the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table) I would love it. Consider    it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose,    I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball    game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who    hides it in the cake. (Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.) Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? Mike: (puts on a fake smile) Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? (he    takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin) Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm    sorry! Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and    all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my    life with you. (Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face) Mike: I'm gonna do this now. Phoebe: Oh my God! (Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.) Mike: Phoebe, I... Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! (she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring    finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then...) Oh no! (She was    wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.) Mike: Ready? Phoebe: Uh-huh! (and now Mike kneels properly) Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry    me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow    old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? Phoebe: Yes! (Mike puts the ring on her finger) Mike: I love you! Phoebe: I love you more! Mike: Not possible! (they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...) She's gonna    be Mrs. No Balls. (They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.) COMMERCIAL BREAK   [Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are    walking on the sidewalk.]   Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies    are ugly.  Rachel: That's shocking! Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! (She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand,    whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair.) Hello-oo Ross! (to    Rachel) He's rude! THE END     
Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. (looking    at her ticket). Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my    seat. It's my anniversary. (to Mike) Here we are! (Mike nods). Can’t believe    it's been a whole year!  Mike: I know. This has been the best year... (the crowd starts cheering so    he starts yelling) THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND (crowd stops cheering) YOU'RE    AMAZING IN BED (everyone hears it and stare at them.) (to everybody) IT’S    OUR ANNIVERSARY! Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. (on the    screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes    on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her) Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. Mike: Really? Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! Mike: (looks strangely shocked) Excuse me... (he leaves, then Phoebe realizes  what she did).   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room]   Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to    Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the    longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. Chandler: (reading) I don’t... uh... understand. Joey: (sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated    for ya? Monica: (also reading it) It doesn’t make any sense. Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! Chandler: On every word? Joey: Yep! Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? (shows the sentence to    Joey) Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens    with full sized aortic pumps...? Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. Joey: Why not? Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani (Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that'    look). Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just    be yourself! Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from  here, (points at his own heart) your full sized aortic pump.   [Scene: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel    opens the door.]   Rachel: Amy, hi! Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. Rachel: Oh, good for you!  Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. (Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does    not notice the huge amount of bags) Joey: Ah, look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH,    WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! Joey: What? Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! (she snaps her finger and points at Joey,  snaps her fingers again and points to the bags) Come on!   [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room    and Joey comes out of his room.]   Joey: You slept out here? Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get    off!’ Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re    getting rid of her. Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping    Amy badly) "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!"    I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think    it’s really good that she’s here. Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was    a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of    me. Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t    think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys.    See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna    take patience, but that’s ok. Amy: Good morning. Joey: Yeaah. Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why    I hung it on the door. Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time    for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. (points    at her eyebrows) I am not happy. (to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands)    Oh... sure you wanna eat that? Joey: (yelling at her) I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!   [Scene: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler    are there, Phoebe enters the room]   Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote    me a rap song. Ross: Seriously? Chandler: Word! Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. Rachel: Well, what happened? Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the    big screen thing... Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning    on proposing to me that same way last night! Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna    propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean,    I said no in Barbados and now this! Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... (stops himself   mid-sentence...everyone stares at him) Did I just say if I were a   guy..? Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to    him! Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? Monica: I proposed to Chandler! (Phoebe stops herself from laughing) Alright,    moving on... Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! Monica: Thank you. Phoebe: (To Rachel and Ross) Well, do you think   I should propose? Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? Rachel: (Sarcastically) Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? (claps her hands    together, faking excitement) Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to,    plus he'd never suspect it! Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two (points    to Ross and Chandler) like that? Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think?  (Amy walks in carrying a phone handset) Amy: (To Rachel) Nana is on the phone (Hands the phone over to Rachel) Rachel: (Takes the phone) Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years    ago!! Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? Rachel: (Into the phone) Hello? (announces to Amy) Oh, it's our nanny! (goes    back to the phone conversation) Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye!    (Hangs up) (To Ross) That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had?    Because my throat's been hurting? Rachel: Menstrual cramps. Ross: I don't think that's what this is. Rachel: (To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe) Can any of you watch Emma? Monica: No, sorry sweety.. Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. Rachel: (To Ross) Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? Amy: Well, I can do it. Rachel: (Thinks for a moment) Well, actually...  Ross: (He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other    side of the room) Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? Rachel: Yeah. Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. Rachel: Why not? Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!  Rachel: (Defends Amy) Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. Rachel: (Shocked) Wha... the next one? Ross: (a little confused) Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge    breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! Ross: I... I don't know.. Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows (points    at her own to emphasize the word) shaped to do this alright? Do you understand    how important that is in our world? (Amy approaches from behind) Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to...    Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's    been so wonderful to me... (looks at hem pleadingly) (Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently) Rachel: Absolutely. Amy: (very excited) Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? (Ross just gives up  and leaves)   [Scene: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk    in.]   Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. (Chandler and Monica look shocked) Monica: You dropped it off? Joey: Yeah. Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to    hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked) Monica: You hand-wrote it? Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at   all! See ya later! (Leaves) Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our    file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples    that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? (Takes out his mobile) I'll just    call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. (starts dialing) Monica: Okay good. Chandler: (on the phone) Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped    off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. (listens) Uh-huh... Uh-huh...    okay... thank you. Good-bye. (hangs up looking very confused). Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way    to the bird store. Chandler: (Still looks confused) They loved it. Monica: What? Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a   child write the recommendation letter. Monica: (surprised) They thought Joey was a child? Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings. (Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller) Amy: Hi! Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. Chandler: That sounds like fun. Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. (Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma) Rachel: (To Emma) Hey! Hi, how's my girl? Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? Rachel: (sounds excited) Yeah! (Amy takes off Emma's hat) Amy: Ta-daaa! (Rachel looks at Emma) Rachel: (not excited anymore) You pierced her ears!? Amy: (Very excited about it) Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? (Rachel looks very shocked) COMMERCIAL BREAK  Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me?  Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would    it? Chandler: I think she looks cute. (Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily)    ... but I am wrong! Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? Rachel: Ugh. (takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it) (Ross enters) Ross: Hey guys.   Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see.    (Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him). Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see.  Ross: Why not? Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was    in a milk carton but it looked like meat? Ross: Come here (Removes Emma's hat) Oh! There she is! Hi! (Rachel looks worried) Ross: (sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him) What? Rachel: Nothing. Ross: (Back to Emma) Hi! (Looks at her) What... (Moves the stroller away from    him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he    realizes the difference and gasps). Please tell me those are clip-ons.  Rachel: Oh, they're real! Ross: Did she (points at Amy) do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have    left Emma with her! Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. (To Amy)   You are soo irresponsible   I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs    to have a cool fun aunt! Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! Amy: (Sarcastically) O-Okay! Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure    out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going    to do with my life. Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. Rachel: (looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief) What? Ross: That's not a thing! Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what    colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... Rachel: (shouting) Babies don't care if they're slim. Amy: Enter Amy! Ross: (very angry) Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... Amy: What? What are you gonna do? Ross: (pointing at Amy, shouting) No more falafel for you! (Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant  and looks at Ross who gestures "later".)   [Scene: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the    game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.]   Mike: Great game, huh? Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... (seems distracted) Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. (looking up) Please let the Knicks win... Thank    you Thor! (Mike is standing up) Where... where are you going? Mike: Going go to the bathroom. Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. Mike: Why? Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the    nutrients. Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the    big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. (We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then    we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of    Mike.) Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? (Mike looks bewildered) Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing   to him. Guess we know who wears the pants in that family.   (people are laughing, while   Mike still seems bewildered) Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! (There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand    in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him) Phoebe: Hey, hey! (shouting) Boo us? Boo you!   [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone    rings.]   Joey: (picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani...    Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home    right now... (looks puzzled) Okay, bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was    nice! (Rachel and Amy enter) Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! Joey: Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachel's room) Amy: You're kicking me out?  Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl! Rachel: (gasps) I can't believe I ever even tried to help   you. You are so  beyond help. Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. Rachel: Excuse me? Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then,    I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws (frantically pointing    at her nose) And suddenly I am the bad guy? Rachel: (yelling) Joey, where are those bags? Joey: (Yelling from Rachel's room) She has a lot of crap! Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great.    Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without    that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... Rachel: (doesn't believe what she's hearing) Seriously? Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. Rachel: Hips or thighs? Amy: Ass and face. Rachel: (gasps) Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking    about real stuff. Rachel: (embarrassed) Oh, I can give you that. Amy: You can? Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're...    you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. Amy: (touched) Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. Rachel: Did you just say Emma? Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella.  [Scene: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.]   Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking    about. Mike, obviously you have balls. Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. Phoebe: (the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table) I would love it. Consider    it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose,    I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball    game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who    hides it in the cake. (Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.) Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? Mike: (puts on a fake smile) Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? (he    takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin) Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm    sorry! Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and    all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my    life with you. (Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face) Mike: I'm gonna do this now. Phoebe: Oh my God! (Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.) Mike: Phoebe, I... Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! (she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring    finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then...) Oh no! (She was    wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.) Mike: Ready? Phoebe: Uh-huh! (and now Mike kneels properly) Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry    me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow    old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? Phoebe: Yes! (Mike puts the ring on her finger) Mike: I love you! Phoebe: I love you more! Mike: Not possible! (they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...) She's gonna    be Mrs. No Balls. (They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.) COMMERCIAL BREAK   [Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are    walking on the sidewalk.]   Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies    are ugly.  Rachel: That's shocking! Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! (She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand,    whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair.) Hello-oo Ross! (to    Rachel) He's rude! THE END     
Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH!
Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND (crowd stops cheering) YOU'RE    AMAZING IN BED (everyone hears it and stare at them.) (to everybody) IT’S    OUR ANNIVERSARY!
Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal.
Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose!
Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever.
Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that.
Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the    big screen thing...
Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning    on proposing to me that same way last night!
Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna    propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean,    I said no in Barbados and now this!
Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate?
Phoebe: (To Rachel and Ross) Well, do you think   I should propose?
Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it?
Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two (points    to Ross and Chandler) like that?
Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing..
Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... (seems distracted)
Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. (looking up) Please let the Knicks win... Thank    you Thor! (Mike is standing up) Where... where are you going?
Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait.
Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the    nutrients.
Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? (Mike looks bewildered)
Phoebe: That's not very enlightened!
Phoebe: Hey, hey! (shouting) Boo us? Boo you!
Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking    about. Mike, obviously you have balls.
Phoebe: (the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table) I would love it. Consider    it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose,    I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball    game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who    hides it in the cake.
Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it?
Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm    sorry!
Phoebe: Oh my God!
Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! (she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring    finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then...) Oh no! (She was    wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.)
Phoebe: Uh-huh! (and now Mike kneels properly)
Phoebe: Yes!
Phoebe: I love you more!
Written by: Sebastian Jones   Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa    Final check by    Kim  [Scene: Central Perk, everyone except Phoebe is there] Phoebe: (she enters) Hey... All: Hey! Rachel: Hi! Ross: Pheebs, what's wrong? Phoebe: Oh, I'm just so exhausted from dragging around this...    (she shows her ring) HUGE engagement ring! All: OH! Rachel: My God! Joey: Hey!  Rachel: Congratulations! Wow!! Ross: So, did he get on one knee, did he have a speech prepared,    or (in a tender way) did he cry? (the guys look at him) Yeah, big surprise,    I like proposals! Phoebe: Well, it was really sweet, and like the   most romantic thing ever. Joey: Well, hey! Well... (he takes his mug to toast Phoebe)    Here's to Phoebe, who's found the greatest guy in the world! To Phoebe and...    (a bit uncertain) I wanna say Mike? (pause) To Phoebe and Mike! All: Whoo! Phoebe: Thank you! (to Rachel) Oh, and I have something for    you! Rachel: Mmh-mmh! Phoebe: It's, yes, my little black book. It's got the numbers    of all the guys I've dated. Rachel: Oh, Pheebs, baby, that's nice but, you know what,    I think I'm ok. Why don't you give it to one of your other single girlfriends?   Phoebe: I would, but you're the last one. Rachel: (angrily) GIVE ME THE BOOK! (she takes it and start    reading) Pablo Diaz, Brady Smith, huh, "Guy-in-van"? Phoebe: Oh, my first love!  Rachel: Oh! Monica: What does the red X next to Bob Greenmore's name mean? Phoebe: Dead. (everyone is a bit upset) Oh, it's OK, no,   he  was old, yeah! And he lived a full life, he was in the first wave   at Omaha Beach. Chandler: Hey, I'm sorry, I should have given you guys my    black book when I got married! Although it wasn't so much a book as a... napkin.    With Janice's phone number on it. Rachel: Phoebe, isn't Jethro Tull a band? Phoebe: (proud of herself) Oh yes, they are.  OPENING CREDITS  [Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment]   Chandler: (he enters) Hey honey! Joey: (Looking inside the fridge, and we only see his back.    Then he closes the door, and we see it's Joey.) Hi sweetie! Chandler: Is Monica not here? Joey: No. Chandler: Oh, then I'll tell you. My agency was bidding for   a big account and they got it! It's my first national commercial! Joey: Cool! Chandler: Yeah, and I don't wanna brag but a lot of the ideas    were mine! (silence) Hell, you weren't there? All the ideas were   mine!!! Joey: That's great! Hey, can you cast me in it? Chandler: Oh... I don't know, I really don't think you're    right for the part. Joey: What do you mean? I can do anything, I'm a chameleon!    Huh? (he mimes an old man with a beard) I'm old! (then he yawns) I'm tired!    (then he mimes someone who's hot...) Hey, I'm hot (...and cold) I'm cold!! Huh??    Come on! What can't I do? Chandler: First of all. Bravo. Uh, but I really don't think    you're right for this. The part calls for a stuffy college professor. Joey: I can do that! (in a deeper voice) "Hello, I'm    your professor. When I'm not busy thinking of important things or... professing.    I like to use..." Oh, what's the product? Chandler: Software that facilitates inter-business networking    e-solutions? Joey: (after a long pause he starts miming again) I'm cold!    [Scene: Central Perk. Charlie is sitting on the couch and Ross    enters.]   Ross: (to Charlie) Hey! Charlie: Hey! Ross: Guess who's a finalist for a huge research   grant!  I'll give you a hint, he's looking right at you.  Charlie: Ah, well, unless it's the creepy guy with his hand    up his kilt, I'm gonna say congratulations!  Ross: Oh, I'm so excited, I mean, apparently I beat out hundreds    of other applicants, included five guys I went to graduate school with. Not      that I'm keeping score or anything... five! Charlie: Wow, that's great! So, tell me about the grant! Ross: Well, ok, it's for 25 thousand dollars. And if I get    it, I'll finally be able to complete my field research! And there    will be  an article about me in the "Paleontology Review"! Yeah!    That'll be  the first time my name is in there, without people raising serious    questions    about my work! Charlie: Wait. Are you talking about the Dewar grant? Ross: Yeah. Why? Charlie: Benjamin Hobart is administering that grant. Ross: Your ex-boyfriend? Charlie: Yeah. Ross: So, your ex-boyfriend is gonna determine if your new    boyfriend gets this grant? Wow, your new boyfriend is screwed! Charlie: No, no, we ended up in great terms. I mean, if anything,    I think this could help you. You know what? Why don't we all go out to dinner    together, and I can introduce you. Ross: Well, if you think it would help. Charlie: Yes, absolutely. I'll call him. Ross: Ok, now, is there anything I can do to... you know,    butter him up? Anything he really likes? Charlie: Mmh... he does have a pretty serious latex fetish. Ross: We'll see how dinner goes.   [Scene: Phoebe's apartment. She is packing a few tings into boxes.] Phoebe: (looking at Monica entering) Hey!  Monica: Hey, you wanna go to see a movie? Phoebe: Well, I told you I had to spend all the day clearing    out stuff, so Mike could move in. Monica: Oh, right. Phoebe: Yeah.  Monica: Oh, well. Now that I'm here I might as well help you    with the cleaning and organizing! Just happen to have my label maker! Phoebe: Oh, it's so hard to get rid of stuff! Did   you and Chandler have to make compromises when you first moved in together? Monica: Uh, Chandler did! What does he want you  to give  up?  Phoebe: A bunch of stuff. And the worst one... he wants me    to get rid of Gladys. Monica: Who's Gladys? (Phoebe shows her a horrific painting    with a half-a-body girl dummy coming out of the frame. Monica's frightened and    she gasps.) Oh! What a tragic loss! Phoebe: Yeah. I really hate to give her up. Oh,   I know!! Oh, you should take her! Monica: (faking happiness) Well, I-I-I-I... I don't know... Phoebe: Why, you don't like her? Monica: Well, of course I do. What's not to like! I'll    take her in a minute! But, you know, I think that you're giving up too    easy, honey. I think that you need to fight for her! Phoebe: Really? You think? Monica: Absolutely! Yes, you say to him "I'm sorry    Mike I can't live without her, she means too much to me!" Phoebe: Ok, I'll fight for her. Ok! Oh, wait, oh I just    realized... if I do that, that means you don't get her. Monica: Damn it, I did not think this through!  [Scene: Central Perk. Rachel, Joey and Emma are there.]    Chandler: Hey you guys.  Rachel: Hi! Joey: Oh! Any word on casting yet? Chandler: Joe, I told you, you're just not right for    the part. Joey: What do you mean? Rach, don't I seem like a professor    you'd buy some kind of e-crap from? Rachel: I'm sorry, this sounds like something I'm never gonna    be interested in. Joey (to Chandler): Look, c'mon, please? It's    not like I'm asking for some crazy favour. This is what I do for a living. I    am a professional actor! (he glances at his watch and sees the time) Oh, man,    I'm two hours late for work! (he stands, ready to go). Look, here's a    copy of my reels. It's got all the commercials that I've been in. Chandler: Joe... Joey: Just watch it, and if you don't like it, you don't    pass it on to your bosses! Chandler: Fine! Joey: Thank you. (he sits down) Chandler: Work, Joe! Joey: Damn it! (he leaves) Chandler (to Rachel): What am I gonna do now? Joey: Just pass it to your boss! Chandler: He's not right for the part. So if I suggest    him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should    learn on their own! Rachel: Just tell Joey that you watched the tape and you liked    it, but your bosses didn't. Then that way, you're the good guy and    they're the bad guys. Chandler: That's good! I liked it, they didn't.    (he sees Joey out of the window hitting on a girl) Joey, for God's sake,    go to work! (Joey runs away).  [Scene: A restaurant. Ross and Charlie are waiting for her ex-boyfriend,    Benjamin Hobart]    Ross: I can't believe I'm about to meet Benjamin Hobart.    I've always thought of him as one of the people I'd invite to my fantasy dinner    party. Do you think there's any chance he'll bring Christie Brinkley    or C3PO? Charlie: (glances over Ross' shoulder) Sorry, looks    like it's just him. Benjamin: Charlie! My God, you look absolutely stunning! Ross: Well, I... I am having a good hair day. Benjamin: So good to see you. Charlie: Me too. (she and Benjamin are hugging for very long    and Ross starts pretending to clear his throat, until they stop) Ross: I'm ok. Charlie: I'm sorry... (introduces them to each other) Ross    Geller... Benjamin Hobart. Ross: It's an honor to meet you. I can't tell    you how long I've been an admirer of your work, I mean, that Nobel prize,    (he thumbs up) whoooo! I mean, I have to tell you that, you're one of    the reasons I got into the field. Benjamin: Oh, well, likewise. Actually, not likewise. I've    never heard of you until this morning, but, it's nice to be nice!  Charlie: Shall we? (they sit down and Benjamin takes Ross'    chair). Benjamin: (to Ross) Thank you! (to Charlie). I can't    believe that you chose this restaurant! Do you remember the night? Charlie: Oh my God, I completely forgot! (they laugh) Oh   my  God! I can't believe they let us back in this place! (they laugh   more, and Ross start laughing too). Benjamin (to Ross): You weren't there! Ross: No, but, it's, you know, it's just a funny image,    you know, the two of you, in this restaurant, with... (laughs nervously)tzz-zzz,    mmm. Charlie: Ross, why don't you tell Benji about your proposal,    while I go to the ladies room? Benjamin: So, tell me about it. Ross: Ok well, I would like to do a dig in the painted desert. Benjamin: M-m. Ross: See, there are still several areas that haven't    been fully excavated. Benjamin: Break up with Charlie! Ross: What? Benjamin: What? Ross: Did you just say "break up with Charlie"? Benjamin: Well, yes, and now. Yes I did say it, and no, I    didn't not say it. Ross: Kind of inappropriate, don't you think? Benjamin: I'm sorry. I just haven't seen her for so    long! All these feelings are rushing back! I'm starting to realize how much    I missed her, and I'm gonna need you to break up with her. Ross: Are you serious? Benjamin: If you say yes then I'm serious, if you say no then    I'm joking! Ross: No! Benjamin: Joking it is!  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters the room.]   Phoebe: Hi! Sorry, I'm late. Monica: Hey, how did it go with Mike, is he gonna let you    keep the painting? Phoebe: No, he really hates it. But he's gonna let me    keep my box of human hair! So you got to pick your battles. But the good news    is, Gladys is yours! Monica: Wow, what's the bad news! Rachel: Who's Gladys? Phoebe: Oh, she's that work of art I made, you know,    with the woman coming out of the frame. Rachel: (sarcastic) Oh, and Monica gets to keep her?   In her house? I am so jealous! Phoebe: Oh, I didn't know you wanted her too! Monica: Huh! Rachel: Well, I mean, sure, of course. But... you already    gave that to Monica, so... Monica: You know, I would give her up, for you. Rachel: No, I couldn't let you do that. Monica: But I want to. Rachel: But I don't want you to. Monica: But I insist! Rachel: But I insist harder! Phoebe: Girls, girls, stop, ok? We'll flip a coin. Heads,    she's Rachel's, tails she's Monica's. (she flips the    coin). Tails! Monica, she's yours! Monica: No, that landed in your food! Rachel: (sarcastic) No, no, that's ok. You won fair    and square. I'm so sad!  [Scene: Chandler walks into Joey's apartment]   Chandler: Hey Joe! Joey: What's up? Chandler: Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along    to my bosses and they weren't interested. Joey: (sounds disappointed) Oh. Chandler: (Hands the tape back to him) I'm sorry man. Joey: (looks at him suspiciously) But, ehm... you watched    the tape? Chandler: (sounds nervous) Yeah! I... I... I liked it! (Joey    continues to look at him suspiciously) But, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it.    Stupid sons of bitches! Joey: (sounds confident) You didn't watch the tape. Chandler: (looks surprised) What!? Of course I did! Joey: Look, it's one thing not to cast me, but to lie to me? Chandler: I'm not lying to you, I watched it! Joey: Well, you lied again! (Rachel comes out of her room    and is observing the conversation) Chandler: I watched it! Joey: Keep going Pinocchio! Chandler: (now yelling) (pretending to look shocked) I did! Joey: (yelling back) No you didn't! (turns and goes towards    his room) Chandler: (following him) I'm telling you, I watched the tape.    (Reaches Joey's room and Joey slams the door in his face) Rachel: Did you watch the tape? Chandler:(In a sarcastic "of course not"!-tone)    No!  [Scene: Interview room. Ross and two other professors (one man,    one woman) are sitting on one side of a long desk. Benjamin Hobart is sitting    on the other side]   Benjamin: The selection committee has chosen the three of    you as our finalists today. The ultimate decision will be based upon the answers    you give to the questions I ask here. I'm gonna start with Dr. Li. Dr. Li, you    claim the field is too reliant on the Linnaean taxonomic system. How do you    propose to correct this problem? Dr. Li: Well, I believe that the answers lie in the osteological    evidence. I plan to begin there. Benjamin: (nods) Interesting. Ross: (Rolls his eyes) I guess! Benjamin: Dr. Biely, your proposal includes some field work.    Where might that take place? Dr. Biely: Primarily in the Pierre Shale region of South Dakota. Benjamin: Certainly. Very well. And Dr. Geller, when is my    birthday? Ross: (shocked and confused by the question) What? I... I...    (Benjamin looks at him as if to say "What's wrong? Answer the question") Benjamin: Care to venture a guess? Ross: (annoyed) May 12th? Benjamin: (looks surprised and un-impressed) That's not even    kinda close! (Ross looks around confused) Dr. Li, how many graduate students    you'd be needing? Dr. Li: Half a dozen. Benjamin: I see, and Dr. Biely? Dr. Biely: Three for excavation and two for analysis. Benjamin: Certainly. Dr. Geller, which 1965 Shirelles hit    was later covered by a popular British invasion band? Ross: (even more shocked) Wha..? I need 6 graduate students.   Benjamin: No! I'm sorry, we were looking for "Baby It's    You". Baby It's You. Ross: Wha...? Wait, wait, wait, just a minute. None of my    questions have anything to do with Paleontology. Benjamin: You're right, I apologize. Scratch the last question.    Spell "Boscodictiasaur". Ross: (annoyed) um... I've never heard of a "Boscodictiasaur". Benjamin: Yeah, I just made it up. Spell it. Ross: (stares at him angrily) Ok. (determined to spell it    correctly) B - O - S ... Benjamin: No, it starts with a silent "M". Ross: Oh come on!!  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. Chandler and Rachel are    talking.]   Chandler: I can't believe Joey. I hate being called a liar! Rachel: But you are a liar. Chandler: What did I just say? (Joey comes out of his room) Joey: You still here? Chandler: Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am    insulted. When I tell somebody I did something... Joey: Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there, ok?    First, you lied, right? Then, you lied about lying, ok? Then you lied about    lying about lying, ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying    about... lying... (loses count and begins to count the number of 'lyings' in    the air but gives up.) (yelling) Stop lying! Chandler: Why are you so sure I didn't watch this tape? Joey: (very angry) You wanna know wh...? You wanna know why?    (goes back into his room)  Rachel: Well, this is going well. (Chandler looks worried) Joey: (comes out holding the tape) Here's how I know you didn't    watch the tape, ok? (puts it into the vcr) If you had seen what was on this    tape, believe me, you would have some comments. Alright, now remember, I    got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan. (presses play    and he appears on the TV screen and a TV commercial begins) (The commercial: Joey says "Ichiban". It displays a few girls dancing around and Joey    fills most of the screen, he puts something blue on his lips and smacks them    saying "Lipstick For Men!" It goes on to show him playing a guitar    and putting on more blue lipstick. In the end he says seductively "Ichiban...    Lipstick For Men" and "Sahiko" and it ends. Chandler and Rachel    are speechless.)  Joey: (Yelling at Chandler) And that's how I know you    didn't watch the tape! (goes back to his room and slams the door).  (Silence) Chandler: He really is a chameleon.  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters carrying the horrific    'painting' of Gladys. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the couch.]   Phoebe: (smiling from ear to ear) Well, Gladys say hello to    your new home! (she holds out the 'painting') Monica: (faking happiness) Oh, my!  Rachel: (surprised by how ugly it is) Wow! (sarcastic) Oh,    she's so nice and big! Oh, Monica, where are you going to display Gladys oh    so proudly? (looks around for a spot)  Monica: (sounds desperate, knowing what Rachel is trying to    do) I haven't really settled on a spot yet! Rachel: Well, hey! How about right above the TV? (Points to    the spot where her famous French poster is hanging). That way, it will be    the first thing that you see when you walk in the door! Phoebe: (genuinely excited about it) Yeah, yeah! And you can    get rid of that French poster. Monica: (offended) I like that poster! Phoebe: Really? It doesn't have anything coming out of it.    Or maybe there is some place for her in your bedroom? Rachel: (jumps at the chance to make that happen) Oh! There's    nothing above your bed!! Monica: (Impatient with Rachel) Are you still here? [Scene: Ross' office. Ross is pacing and Benjamin enters]   Ross: Oh hi! Hello! Uh, have you come to ask me some more paleontology    related questions? Uhm... your grandmother's nickname, perhaps? (Now yelling)    Aunt Margaret's pants size? Benjamin: I've come here to apologize. I think I may have    let my feelings for Charlie interfere with the interview process.  Ross: (Sarcastic) No! Stop!  Benjamin: Anyway, I've decided to offer you the grant.  Ross: (Skeptical) Really? Benjamin: Well... there is just one small... stipulation... Ross: I have to break up with Charlie? Benjamin: Hey, you got one right! (Ross shakes his head)  Ross: You're crazy. Benjamin: Crazy, or... romantic? Ross: Crazy! Benjamin: Ooor... Ross: (Yelling) Get out! (Benjamin leaves)  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Rachel enters, checking the mail, then looks up and sees Gladys placed on    the barcalounger.) Rachel: O-oh my God! Joey: (enters from his bedroom) What? Rachel: Joey, what... is... this...thing... doing here? Joey: I got it from Monica. She sold it to me for a very    reasonable price. Rachel: Joey, we're not keeping this! Joey: But it's an original Buffay... Rachel: Alright, fine. You can keep it. As long as you don't    mind that she's haunted.  Joey: Hey? what? what? wey! whoo! what? what!? Rachel: Well, legend has it Joey, that... she comes alive    when you're asleep. (Joey's eyes are twice their size now, and looks nervously from Rachel to Gladys    and back.) Rachel: She climbs out of the frame, and then drags her half-a-body    across the floor, just looking for legs to steal. (in a spooky, slow voice)    And then with her one good hand, she slo-o-owly re-e-a-aches up and turns your    doorknob. Joey: GET THAT LEGLESS WITCH OUT OF HERE! (Joey leaves for his bedroom, and Rachel grins. She then takes Gladys and enters    Monica's apartment.) Monica: Hey! I sold that to Joey. Rachel: Well, why I told him it's haunted. Two can play at    this game. (gives Gladys to Monica) Monica: No, too late. You can't give it back! (she pushes    the painting back to Rachel) Rachel: Yes I can! (pushes her back again) Monica: No you can't. She's yours! Rachel: She's yours! Monica: SHE'S YOURS! Rachel: She's yours! (While they are both pushing the painting towards each other, Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Hey! (there's a pause) Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's m-i-i-ne! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Phoebe: You guys! You guys! You don't have to fight over her    anymore. (she goes out into the hallway and enters with an even more hideous    painting/collage. One of those faceles mannequins heads wearing a blueish dress    and orange gloves reaching out into the room. Around the head 3 small dolls    are hovering.) Whoever doesn't get Gladys gets Glynnis. (Rachel and Monica are    gasping for air at the sight of this monstrous piece of art.) Rachel: I want Gladys! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey's home alone, reading a Sports    Illustrated magazine when Chandler enters.] Chandler: Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And    I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part    or not. Joey: That's not the point Chandler. The point is that you    lied. Chandler: I know. You're right. What's it gonna take for you    to forgive me?  [Scene: Central Perk. Monica, Phoebe and Rachel are on the couch.] Monica: Oh my God! (we see Joey and Chandler standing there, and Chandler is wearing the blue    Ichiban lipstick!) Rachel: Excellent! Joey: Now, what do you say? Chandler: Lying is wrong! Joey: And?... AND? Chandler: I'm a pretty little girl. Phoebe: I knew it!  [Scene: Central Perk. Some time later that day. The group has    left and Charlie is there when Ross enters.] Ross: Your ex-boyfriend is insane. Charlie: Did you get the grant? Ross: No I didn't, and you want to know why? Because your    ex-boyfriend is still in love with you. Charlie: What? Ross: Yeah. He wouldn't give me the grant, because I wouldn't    give you up. Charlie: Benji isn't in love with me. I mean, he broke up    with me. And besides, he's a very ethical man. Ross: Really? Is it ethical to ask someone in a grant review,    who was the voice of "Underdog"? Charlie: I'm sure he was just joking, Ross. Ross: If you don't believe me, let's go talk to him, okay?    I'm telling you, he didn't ask me one paleontological question. Charlie: Seriously? Ross: Oh, I'm sorry, no. He did ask me one. Uhm... How do    you spell Mboscodictiosaur? Charlie: Well, if it's like the lake Mbosco in Congo, then    M-B-O...  Ross: Damnit!  [Scene: Benjamin's office. Ross and Charlie are entering.] Benjamin: Dr. Geller...? Charlie... What are you... what are    you doing here? Ross: I want you to tell her everything. About the deal you    tried to make with me, about the crazy questions you... Wally Cox! That's the    voice of Underdog! Benjamin: Like I tried to tell you in the interview Ross,    this grant is not based on your knowledge of pretty useless trivia. Ross: No, no, no. Don't do that! I want you to look her in    the eyes, and tell her the truth. Charlie: Benji? Benjamin: Alright, it's true. I behaved horribly. But it's    only because I still love you. And I would do anything to have you back in    my life. Ross: Too little, too late, Benji! Charlie: I can't believe this. Benjamin: I never should have broken up with you. I think    about you all the time. I mean, do you ever still think about me?  Ross: (indignant) No! Charlie: Yes! Ross: What? Charlie: I don't know what to say, Benji. This is all so....    romantic. Ross: or... Benjamin: Listen, I know, I may be way out of bounds here,    but is there any chance you will take me back? Charlie: Maybe... Ross: Sweetie, this conversation is starting to make me a    little uncomfortable. Charlie: Oh God! I am so sorry, but... (she puts her hand    on Ross's cheek) I mean it's... there's so much history between us, you know... Benjamin: (puts his hand on Ross's other cheek) I'm sorry    too... (Charlie and Benji both let their hands slide down Ross's face, until their    hands meet, and they hold hands.) Benjamin: I love you! Charlie: I love you too! (and they start to kiss) Ross: Okay, that's it. WE ARE SEEING OTHER PEOPLE!    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene: Joey's bedroom. Joey's asleep with Hugsy, the penguin    right next to him.] (There are scratching and squeaking noises coming from the living room, and    Joey wakes up, terrified. He pulls his blanket higher. The doorknob is turning.) Joey: Gladys? (The door opens, and there is Gladys, still in her frame though. Joey panics    and moves frantically, screaming. Then there is laughing, and the painting is    lowered. It was Rachel holding Gladys.)  Rachel: Ha ha ha, third time this week. Man, this does not    get old. Joey: You're mean! Rachel: Oh, don't be such a baby! (She closes his door again, and turns around. Then she starts screaming, terrified.    There is Glynnis... And Monica holding her up, laughing.)  end        
Phoebe: (she enters) Hey...
Phoebe: Oh, I'm just so exhausted from dragging around this...    (she shows her ring) HUGE engagement ring!
Phoebe: Well, it was really sweet, and like the   most romantic thing ever.
Phoebe: Thank you! (to Rachel) Oh, and I have something for    you!
Phoebe: It's, yes, my little black book. It's got the numbers    of all the guys I've dated.
Phoebe: I would, but you're the last one.
Phoebe: Oh, my first love! 
Phoebe: Dead. (everyone is a bit upset) Oh, it's OK, no,   he  was old, yeah! And he lived a full life, he was in the first wave   at Omaha Beach.
Phoebe: (proud of herself) Oh yes, they are.
Phoebe: (looking at Monica entering) Hey!  Monica: Hey, you wanna go to see a movie? Phoebe: Well, I told you I had to spend all the day clearing    out stuff, so Mike could move in. Monica: Oh, right. Phoebe: Yeah.  Monica: Oh, well. Now that I'm here I might as well help you    with the cleaning and organizing! Just happen to have my label maker! Phoebe: Oh, it's so hard to get rid of stuff! Did   you and Chandler have to make compromises when you first moved in together? Monica: Uh, Chandler did! What does he want you  to give  up?  Phoebe: A bunch of stuff. And the worst one... he wants me    to get rid of Gladys. Monica: Who's Gladys? (Phoebe shows her a horrific painting    with a half-a-body girl dummy coming out of the frame. Monica's frightened and    she gasps.) Oh! What a tragic loss! Phoebe: Yeah. I really hate to give her up. Oh,   I know!! Oh, you should take her! Monica: (faking happiness) Well, I-I-I-I... I don't know... Phoebe: Why, you don't like her? Monica: Well, of course I do. What's not to like! I'll    take her in a minute! But, you know, I think that you're giving up too    easy, honey. I think that you need to fight for her! Phoebe: Really? You think? Monica: Absolutely! Yes, you say to him "I'm sorry    Mike I can't live without her, she means too much to me!" Phoebe: Ok, I'll fight for her. Ok! Oh, wait, oh I just    realized... if I do that, that means you don't get her. Monica: Damn it, I did not think this through!  [Scene: Central Perk. Rachel, Joey and Emma are there.]    Chandler: Hey you guys.  Rachel: Hi! Joey: Oh! Any word on casting yet? Chandler: Joe, I told you, you're just not right for    the part. Joey: What do you mean? Rach, don't I seem like a professor    you'd buy some kind of e-crap from? Rachel: I'm sorry, this sounds like something I'm never gonna    be interested in. Joey (to Chandler): Look, c'mon, please? It's    not like I'm asking for some crazy favour. This is what I do for a living. I    am a professional actor! (he glances at his watch and sees the time) Oh, man,    I'm two hours late for work! (he stands, ready to go). Look, here's a    copy of my reels. It's got all the commercials that I've been in. Chandler: Joe... Joey: Just watch it, and if you don't like it, you don't    pass it on to your bosses! Chandler: Fine! Joey: Thank you. (he sits down) Chandler: Work, Joe! Joey: Damn it! (he leaves) Chandler (to Rachel): What am I gonna do now? Joey: Just pass it to your boss! Chandler: He's not right for the part. So if I suggest    him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should    learn on their own! Rachel: Just tell Joey that you watched the tape and you liked    it, but your bosses didn't. Then that way, you're the good guy and    they're the bad guys. Chandler: That's good! I liked it, they didn't.    (he sees Joey out of the window hitting on a girl) Joey, for God's sake,    go to work! (Joey runs away).  [Scene: A restaurant. Ross and Charlie are waiting for her ex-boyfriend,    Benjamin Hobart]    Ross: I can't believe I'm about to meet Benjamin Hobart.    I've always thought of him as one of the people I'd invite to my fantasy dinner    party. Do you think there's any chance he'll bring Christie Brinkley    or C3PO? Charlie: (glances over Ross' shoulder) Sorry, looks    like it's just him. Benjamin: Charlie! My God, you look absolutely stunning! Ross: Well, I... I am having a good hair day. Benjamin: So good to see you. Charlie: Me too. (she and Benjamin are hugging for very long    and Ross starts pretending to clear his throat, until they stop) Ross: I'm ok. Charlie: I'm sorry... (introduces them to each other) Ross    Geller... Benjamin Hobart. Ross: It's an honor to meet you. I can't tell    you how long I've been an admirer of your work, I mean, that Nobel prize,    (he thumbs up) whoooo! I mean, I have to tell you that, you're one of    the reasons I got into the field. Benjamin: Oh, well, likewise. Actually, not likewise. I've    never heard of you until this morning, but, it's nice to be nice!  Charlie: Shall we? (they sit down and Benjamin takes Ross'    chair). Benjamin: (to Ross) Thank you! (to Charlie). I can't    believe that you chose this restaurant! Do you remember the night? Charlie: Oh my God, I completely forgot! (they laugh) Oh   my  God! I can't believe they let us back in this place! (they laugh   more, and Ross start laughing too). Benjamin (to Ross): You weren't there! Ross: No, but, it's, you know, it's just a funny image,    you know, the two of you, in this restaurant, with... (laughs nervously)tzz-zzz,    mmm. Charlie: Ross, why don't you tell Benji about your proposal,    while I go to the ladies room? Benjamin: So, tell me about it. Ross: Ok well, I would like to do a dig in the painted desert. Benjamin: M-m. Ross: See, there are still several areas that haven't    been fully excavated. Benjamin: Break up with Charlie! Ross: What? Benjamin: What? Ross: Did you just say "break up with Charlie"? Benjamin: Well, yes, and now. Yes I did say it, and no, I    didn't not say it. Ross: Kind of inappropriate, don't you think? Benjamin: I'm sorry. I just haven't seen her for so    long! All these feelings are rushing back! I'm starting to realize how much    I missed her, and I'm gonna need you to break up with her. Ross: Are you serious? Benjamin: If you say yes then I'm serious, if you say no then    I'm joking! Ross: No! Benjamin: Joking it is!  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters the room.]   Phoebe: Hi! Sorry, I'm late. Monica: Hey, how did it go with Mike, is he gonna let you    keep the painting? Phoebe: No, he really hates it. But he's gonna let me    keep my box of human hair! So you got to pick your battles. But the good news    is, Gladys is yours! Monica: Wow, what's the bad news! Rachel: Who's Gladys? Phoebe: Oh, she's that work of art I made, you know,    with the woman coming out of the frame. Rachel: (sarcastic) Oh, and Monica gets to keep her?   In her house? I am so jealous! Phoebe: Oh, I didn't know you wanted her too! Monica: Huh! Rachel: Well, I mean, sure, of course. But... you already    gave that to Monica, so... Monica: You know, I would give her up, for you. Rachel: No, I couldn't let you do that. Monica: But I want to. Rachel: But I don't want you to. Monica: But I insist! Rachel: But I insist harder! Phoebe: Girls, girls, stop, ok? We'll flip a coin. Heads,    she's Rachel's, tails she's Monica's. (she flips the    coin). Tails! Monica, she's yours! Monica: No, that landed in your food! Rachel: (sarcastic) No, no, that's ok. You won fair    and square. I'm so sad!  [Scene: Chandler walks into Joey's apartment]   Chandler: Hey Joe! Joey: What's up? Chandler: Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along    to my bosses and they weren't interested. Joey: (sounds disappointed) Oh. Chandler: (Hands the tape back to him) I'm sorry man. Joey: (looks at him suspiciously) But, ehm... you watched    the tape? Chandler: (sounds nervous) Yeah! I... I... I liked it! (Joey    continues to look at him suspiciously) But, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it.    Stupid sons of bitches! Joey: (sounds confident) You didn't watch the tape. Chandler: (looks surprised) What!? Of course I did! Joey: Look, it's one thing not to cast me, but to lie to me? Chandler: I'm not lying to you, I watched it! Joey: Well, you lied again! (Rachel comes out of her room    and is observing the conversation) Chandler: I watched it! Joey: Keep going Pinocchio! Chandler: (now yelling) (pretending to look shocked) I did! Joey: (yelling back) No you didn't! (turns and goes towards    his room) Chandler: (following him) I'm telling you, I watched the tape.    (Reaches Joey's room and Joey slams the door in his face) Rachel: Did you watch the tape? Chandler:(In a sarcastic "of course not"!-tone)    No!  [Scene: Interview room. Ross and two other professors (one man,    one woman) are sitting on one side of a long desk. Benjamin Hobart is sitting    on the other side]   Benjamin: The selection committee has chosen the three of    you as our finalists today. The ultimate decision will be based upon the answers    you give to the questions I ask here. I'm gonna start with Dr. Li. Dr. Li, you    claim the field is too reliant on the Linnaean taxonomic system. How do you    propose to correct this problem? Dr. Li: Well, I believe that the answers lie in the osteological    evidence. I plan to begin there. Benjamin: (nods) Interesting. Ross: (Rolls his eyes) I guess! Benjamin: Dr. Biely, your proposal includes some field work.    Where might that take place? Dr. Biely: Primarily in the Pierre Shale region of South Dakota. Benjamin: Certainly. Very well. And Dr. Geller, when is my    birthday? Ross: (shocked and confused by the question) What? I... I...    (Benjamin looks at him as if to say "What's wrong? Answer the question") Benjamin: Care to venture a guess? Ross: (annoyed) May 12th? Benjamin: (looks surprised and un-impressed) That's not even    kinda close! (Ross looks around confused) Dr. Li, how many graduate students    you'd be needing? Dr. Li: Half a dozen. Benjamin: I see, and Dr. Biely? Dr. Biely: Three for excavation and two for analysis. Benjamin: Certainly. Dr. Geller, which 1965 Shirelles hit    was later covered by a popular British invasion band? Ross: (even more shocked) Wha..? I need 6 graduate students.   Benjamin: No! I'm sorry, we were looking for "Baby It's    You". Baby It's You. Ross: Wha...? Wait, wait, wait, just a minute. None of my    questions have anything to do with Paleontology. Benjamin: You're right, I apologize. Scratch the last question.    Spell "Boscodictiasaur". Ross: (annoyed) um... I've never heard of a "Boscodictiasaur". Benjamin: Yeah, I just made it up. Spell it. Ross: (stares at him angrily) Ok. (determined to spell it    correctly) B - O - S ... Benjamin: No, it starts with a silent "M". Ross: Oh come on!!  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. Chandler and Rachel are    talking.]   Chandler: I can't believe Joey. I hate being called a liar! Rachel: But you are a liar. Chandler: What did I just say? (Joey comes out of his room) Joey: You still here? Chandler: Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am    insulted. When I tell somebody I did something... Joey: Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there, ok?    First, you lied, right? Then, you lied about lying, ok? Then you lied about    lying about lying, ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying    about... lying... (loses count and begins to count the number of 'lyings' in    the air but gives up.) (yelling) Stop lying! Chandler: Why are you so sure I didn't watch this tape? Joey: (very angry) You wanna know wh...? You wanna know why?    (goes back into his room)  Rachel: Well, this is going well. (Chandler looks worried) Joey: (comes out holding the tape) Here's how I know you didn't    watch the tape, ok? (puts it into the vcr) If you had seen what was on this    tape, believe me, you would have some comments. Alright, now remember, I    got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan. (presses play    and he appears on the TV screen and a TV commercial begins) (The commercial: Joey says "Ichiban". It displays a few girls dancing around and Joey    fills most of the screen, he puts something blue on his lips and smacks them    saying "Lipstick For Men!" It goes on to show him playing a guitar    and putting on more blue lipstick. In the end he says seductively "Ichiban...    Lipstick For Men" and "Sahiko" and it ends. Chandler and Rachel    are speechless.)  Joey: (Yelling at Chandler) And that's how I know you    didn't watch the tape! (goes back to his room and slams the door).  (Silence) Chandler: He really is a chameleon.  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters carrying the horrific    'painting' of Gladys. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the couch.]   Phoebe: (smiling from ear to ear) Well, Gladys say hello to    your new home! (she holds out the 'painting') Monica: (faking happiness) Oh, my!  Rachel: (surprised by how ugly it is) Wow! (sarcastic) Oh,    she's so nice and big! Oh, Monica, where are you going to display Gladys oh    so proudly? (looks around for a spot)  Monica: (sounds desperate, knowing what Rachel is trying to    do) I haven't really settled on a spot yet! Rachel: Well, hey! How about right above the TV? (Points to    the spot where her famous French poster is hanging). That way, it will be    the first thing that you see when you walk in the door! Phoebe: (genuinely excited about it) Yeah, yeah! And you can    get rid of that French poster. Monica: (offended) I like that poster! Phoebe: Really? It doesn't have anything coming out of it.    Or maybe there is some place for her in your bedroom? Rachel: (jumps at the chance to make that happen) Oh! There's    nothing above your bed!! Monica: (Impatient with Rachel) Are you still here? [Scene: Ross' office. Ross is pacing and Benjamin enters]   Ross: Oh hi! Hello! Uh, have you come to ask me some more paleontology    related questions? Uhm... your grandmother's nickname, perhaps? (Now yelling)    Aunt Margaret's pants size? Benjamin: I've come here to apologize. I think I may have    let my feelings for Charlie interfere with the interview process.  Ross: (Sarcastic) No! Stop!  Benjamin: Anyway, I've decided to offer you the grant.  Ross: (Skeptical) Really? Benjamin: Well... there is just one small... stipulation... Ross: I have to break up with Charlie? Benjamin: Hey, you got one right! (Ross shakes his head)  Ross: You're crazy. Benjamin: Crazy, or... romantic? Ross: Crazy! Benjamin: Ooor... Ross: (Yelling) Get out! (Benjamin leaves)  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Rachel enters, checking the mail, then looks up and sees Gladys placed on    the barcalounger.) Rachel: O-oh my God! Joey: (enters from his bedroom) What? Rachel: Joey, what... is... this...thing... doing here? Joey: I got it from Monica. She sold it to me for a very    reasonable price. Rachel: Joey, we're not keeping this! Joey: But it's an original Buffay... Rachel: Alright, fine. You can keep it. As long as you don't    mind that she's haunted.  Joey: Hey? what? what? wey! whoo! what? what!? Rachel: Well, legend has it Joey, that... she comes alive    when you're asleep. (Joey's eyes are twice their size now, and looks nervously from Rachel to Gladys    and back.) Rachel: She climbs out of the frame, and then drags her half-a-body    across the floor, just looking for legs to steal. (in a spooky, slow voice)    And then with her one good hand, she slo-o-owly re-e-a-aches up and turns your    doorknob. Joey: GET THAT LEGLESS WITCH OUT OF HERE! (Joey leaves for his bedroom, and Rachel grins. She then takes Gladys and enters    Monica's apartment.) Monica: Hey! I sold that to Joey. Rachel: Well, why I told him it's haunted. Two can play at    this game. (gives Gladys to Monica) Monica: No, too late. You can't give it back! (she pushes    the painting back to Rachel) Rachel: Yes I can! (pushes her back again) Monica: No you can't. She's yours! Rachel: She's yours! Monica: SHE'S YOURS! Rachel: She's yours! (While they are both pushing the painting towards each other, Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Hey! (there's a pause) Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's m-i-i-ne! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Phoebe: You guys! You guys! You don't have to fight over her    anymore. (she goes out into the hallway and enters with an even more hideous    painting/collage. One of those faceles mannequins heads wearing a blueish dress    and orange gloves reaching out into the room. Around the head 3 small dolls    are hovering.) Whoever doesn't get Gladys gets Glynnis. (Rachel and Monica are    gasping for air at the sight of this monstrous piece of art.) Rachel: I want Gladys! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey's home alone, reading a Sports    Illustrated magazine when Chandler enters.] Chandler: Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And    I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part    or not. Joey: That's not the point Chandler. The point is that you    lied. Chandler: I know. You're right. What's it gonna take for you    to forgive me?  [Scene: Central Perk. Monica, Phoebe and Rachel are on the couch.] Monica: Oh my God! (we see Joey and Chandler standing there, and Chandler is wearing the blue    Ichiban lipstick!) Rachel: Excellent! Joey: Now, what do you say? Chandler: Lying is wrong! Joey: And?... AND? Chandler: I'm a pretty little girl. Phoebe: I knew it!  [Scene: Central Perk. Some time later that day. The group has    left and Charlie is there when Ross enters.] Ross: Your ex-boyfriend is insane. Charlie: Did you get the grant? Ross: No I didn't, and you want to know why? Because your    ex-boyfriend is still in love with you. Charlie: What? Ross: Yeah. He wouldn't give me the grant, because I wouldn't    give you up. Charlie: Benji isn't in love with me. I mean, he broke up    with me. And besides, he's a very ethical man. Ross: Really? Is it ethical to ask someone in a grant review,    who was the voice of "Underdog"? Charlie: I'm sure he was just joking, Ross. Ross: If you don't believe me, let's go talk to him, okay?    I'm telling you, he didn't ask me one paleontological question. Charlie: Seriously? Ross: Oh, I'm sorry, no. He did ask me one. Uhm... How do    you spell Mboscodictiosaur? Charlie: Well, if it's like the lake Mbosco in Congo, then    M-B-O...  Ross: Damnit!  [Scene: Benjamin's office. Ross and Charlie are entering.] Benjamin: Dr. Geller...? Charlie... What are you... what are    you doing here? Ross: I want you to tell her everything. About the deal you    tried to make with me, about the crazy questions you... Wally Cox! That's the    voice of Underdog! Benjamin: Like I tried to tell you in the interview Ross,    this grant is not based on your knowledge of pretty useless trivia. Ross: No, no, no. Don't do that! I want you to look her in    the eyes, and tell her the truth. Charlie: Benji? Benjamin: Alright, it's true. I behaved horribly. But it's    only because I still love you. And I would do anything to have you back in    my life. Ross: Too little, too late, Benji! Charlie: I can't believe this. Benjamin: I never should have broken up with you. I think    about you all the time. I mean, do you ever still think about me?  Ross: (indignant) No! Charlie: Yes! Ross: What? Charlie: I don't know what to say, Benji. This is all so....    romantic. Ross: or... Benjamin: Listen, I know, I may be way out of bounds here,    but is there any chance you will take me back? Charlie: Maybe... Ross: Sweetie, this conversation is starting to make me a    little uncomfortable. Charlie: Oh God! I am so sorry, but... (she puts her hand    on Ross's cheek) I mean it's... there's so much history between us, you know... Benjamin: (puts his hand on Ross's other cheek) I'm sorry    too... (Charlie and Benji both let their hands slide down Ross's face, until their    hands meet, and they hold hands.) Benjamin: I love you! Charlie: I love you too! (and they start to kiss) Ross: Okay, that's it. WE ARE SEEING OTHER PEOPLE!    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene: Joey's bedroom. Joey's asleep with Hugsy, the penguin    right next to him.] (There are scratching and squeaking noises coming from the living room, and    Joey wakes up, terrified. He pulls his blanket higher. The doorknob is turning.) Joey: Gladys? (The door opens, and there is Gladys, still in her frame though. Joey panics    and moves frantically, screaming. Then there is laughing, and the painting is    lowered. It was Rachel holding Gladys.)  Rachel: Ha ha ha, third time this week. Man, this does not    get old. Joey: You're mean! Rachel: Oh, don't be such a baby! (She closes his door again, and turns around. Then she starts screaming, terrified.    There is Glynnis... And Monica holding her up, laughing.)  end        
Phoebe: Well, I told you I had to spend all the day clearing    out stuff, so Mike could move in.
Phoebe: Yeah. 
Phoebe: Oh, it's so hard to get rid of stuff! Did   you and Chandler have to make compromises when you first moved in together?
Monica: Uh, Chandler did! What does he want you  to give  up?  Phoebe: A bunch of stuff. And the worst one... he wants me    to get rid of Gladys.
Phoebe: Yeah. I really hate to give her up. Oh,   I know!! Oh, you should take her!
Phoebe: Why, you don't like her?
Phoebe: Really? You think?
Phoebe: Ok, I'll fight for her. Ok! Oh, wait, oh I just    realized... if I do that, that means you don't get her.
   Chandler: Hey you guys.  Rachel: Hi! Joey: Oh! Any word on casting yet? Chandler: Joe, I told you, you're just not right for    the part. Joey: What do you mean? Rach, don't I seem like a professor    you'd buy some kind of e-crap from? Rachel: I'm sorry, this sounds like something I'm never gonna    be interested in. Joey (to Chandler): Look, c'mon, please? It's    not like I'm asking for some crazy favour. This is what I do for a living. I    am a professional actor! (he glances at his watch and sees the time) Oh, man,    I'm two hours late for work! (he stands, ready to go). Look, here's a    copy of my reels. It's got all the commercials that I've been in. Chandler: Joe... Joey: Just watch it, and if you don't like it, you don't    pass it on to your bosses! Chandler: Fine! Joey: Thank you. (he sits down) Chandler: Work, Joe! Joey: Damn it! (he leaves) Chandler (to Rachel): What am I gonna do now? Joey: Just pass it to your boss! Chandler: He's not right for the part. So if I suggest    him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should    learn on their own! Rachel: Just tell Joey that you watched the tape and you liked    it, but your bosses didn't. Then that way, you're the good guy and    they're the bad guys. Chandler: That's good! I liked it, they didn't.    (he sees Joey out of the window hitting on a girl) Joey, for God's sake,    go to work! (Joey runs away).  [Scene: A restaurant. Ross and Charlie are waiting for her ex-boyfriend,    Benjamin Hobart]    Ross: I can't believe I'm about to meet Benjamin Hobart.    I've always thought of him as one of the people I'd invite to my fantasy dinner    party. Do you think there's any chance he'll bring Christie Brinkley    or C3PO? Charlie: (glances over Ross' shoulder) Sorry, looks    like it's just him. Benjamin: Charlie! My God, you look absolutely stunning! Ross: Well, I... I am having a good hair day. Benjamin: So good to see you. Charlie: Me too. (she and Benjamin are hugging for very long    and Ross starts pretending to clear his throat, until they stop) Ross: I'm ok. Charlie: I'm sorry... (introduces them to each other) Ross    Geller... Benjamin Hobart. Ross: It's an honor to meet you. I can't tell    you how long I've been an admirer of your work, I mean, that Nobel prize,    (he thumbs up) whoooo! I mean, I have to tell you that, you're one of    the reasons I got into the field. Benjamin: Oh, well, likewise. Actually, not likewise. I've    never heard of you until this morning, but, it's nice to be nice!  Charlie: Shall we? (they sit down and Benjamin takes Ross'    chair). Benjamin: (to Ross) Thank you! (to Charlie). I can't    believe that you chose this restaurant! Do you remember the night? Charlie: Oh my God, I completely forgot! (they laugh) Oh   my  God! I can't believe they let us back in this place! (they laugh   more, and Ross start laughing too). Benjamin (to Ross): You weren't there! Ross: No, but, it's, you know, it's just a funny image,    you know, the two of you, in this restaurant, with... (laughs nervously)tzz-zzz,    mmm. Charlie: Ross, why don't you tell Benji about your proposal,    while I go to the ladies room? Benjamin: So, tell me about it. Ross: Ok well, I would like to do a dig in the painted desert. Benjamin: M-m. Ross: See, there are still several areas that haven't    been fully excavated. Benjamin: Break up with Charlie! Ross: What? Benjamin: What? Ross: Did you just say "break up with Charlie"? Benjamin: Well, yes, and now. Yes I did say it, and no, I    didn't not say it. Ross: Kind of inappropriate, don't you think? Benjamin: I'm sorry. I just haven't seen her for so    long! All these feelings are rushing back! I'm starting to realize how much    I missed her, and I'm gonna need you to break up with her. Ross: Are you serious? Benjamin: If you say yes then I'm serious, if you say no then    I'm joking! Ross: No! Benjamin: Joking it is!  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters the room.]   Phoebe: Hi! Sorry, I'm late. Monica: Hey, how did it go with Mike, is he gonna let you    keep the painting? Phoebe: No, he really hates it. But he's gonna let me    keep my box of human hair! So you got to pick your battles. But the good news    is, Gladys is yours! Monica: Wow, what's the bad news! Rachel: Who's Gladys? Phoebe: Oh, she's that work of art I made, you know,    with the woman coming out of the frame. Rachel: (sarcastic) Oh, and Monica gets to keep her?   In her house? I am so jealous! Phoebe: Oh, I didn't know you wanted her too! Monica: Huh! Rachel: Well, I mean, sure, of course. But... you already    gave that to Monica, so... Monica: You know, I would give her up, for you. Rachel: No, I couldn't let you do that. Monica: But I want to. Rachel: But I don't want you to. Monica: But I insist! Rachel: But I insist harder! Phoebe: Girls, girls, stop, ok? We'll flip a coin. Heads,    she's Rachel's, tails she's Monica's. (she flips the    coin). Tails! Monica, she's yours! Monica: No, that landed in your food! Rachel: (sarcastic) No, no, that's ok. You won fair    and square. I'm so sad!  [Scene: Chandler walks into Joey's apartment]   Chandler: Hey Joe! Joey: What's up? Chandler: Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along    to my bosses and they weren't interested. Joey: (sounds disappointed) Oh. Chandler: (Hands the tape back to him) I'm sorry man. Joey: (looks at him suspiciously) But, ehm... you watched    the tape? Chandler: (sounds nervous) Yeah! I... I... I liked it! (Joey    continues to look at him suspiciously) But, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it.    Stupid sons of bitches! Joey: (sounds confident) You didn't watch the tape. Chandler: (looks surprised) What!? Of course I did! Joey: Look, it's one thing not to cast me, but to lie to me? Chandler: I'm not lying to you, I watched it! Joey: Well, you lied again! (Rachel comes out of her room    and is observing the conversation) Chandler: I watched it! Joey: Keep going Pinocchio! Chandler: (now yelling) (pretending to look shocked) I did! Joey: (yelling back) No you didn't! (turns and goes towards    his room) Chandler: (following him) I'm telling you, I watched the tape.    (Reaches Joey's room and Joey slams the door in his face) Rachel: Did you watch the tape? Chandler:(In a sarcastic "of course not"!-tone)    No!  [Scene: Interview room. Ross and two other professors (one man,    one woman) are sitting on one side of a long desk. Benjamin Hobart is sitting    on the other side]   Benjamin: The selection committee has chosen the three of    you as our finalists today. The ultimate decision will be based upon the answers    you give to the questions I ask here. I'm gonna start with Dr. Li. Dr. Li, you    claim the field is too reliant on the Linnaean taxonomic system. How do you    propose to correct this problem? Dr. Li: Well, I believe that the answers lie in the osteological    evidence. I plan to begin there. Benjamin: (nods) Interesting. Ross: (Rolls his eyes) I guess! Benjamin: Dr. Biely, your proposal includes some field work.    Where might that take place? Dr. Biely: Primarily in the Pierre Shale region of South Dakota. Benjamin: Certainly. Very well. And Dr. Geller, when is my    birthday? Ross: (shocked and confused by the question) What? I... I...    (Benjamin looks at him as if to say "What's wrong? Answer the question") Benjamin: Care to venture a guess? Ross: (annoyed) May 12th? Benjamin: (looks surprised and un-impressed) That's not even    kinda close! (Ross looks around confused) Dr. Li, how many graduate students    you'd be needing? Dr. Li: Half a dozen. Benjamin: I see, and Dr. Biely? Dr. Biely: Three for excavation and two for analysis. Benjamin: Certainly. Dr. Geller, which 1965 Shirelles hit    was later covered by a popular British invasion band? Ross: (even more shocked) Wha..? I need 6 graduate students.   Benjamin: No! I'm sorry, we were looking for "Baby It's    You". Baby It's You. Ross: Wha...? Wait, wait, wait, just a minute. None of my    questions have anything to do with Paleontology. Benjamin: You're right, I apologize. Scratch the last question.    Spell "Boscodictiasaur". Ross: (annoyed) um... I've never heard of a "Boscodictiasaur". Benjamin: Yeah, I just made it up. Spell it. Ross: (stares at him angrily) Ok. (determined to spell it    correctly) B - O - S ... Benjamin: No, it starts with a silent "M". Ross: Oh come on!!  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. Chandler and Rachel are    talking.]   Chandler: I can't believe Joey. I hate being called a liar! Rachel: But you are a liar. Chandler: What did I just say? (Joey comes out of his room) Joey: You still here? Chandler: Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am    insulted. When I tell somebody I did something... Joey: Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there, ok?    First, you lied, right? Then, you lied about lying, ok? Then you lied about    lying about lying, ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying    about... lying... (loses count and begins to count the number of 'lyings' in    the air but gives up.) (yelling) Stop lying! Chandler: Why are you so sure I didn't watch this tape? Joey: (very angry) You wanna know wh...? You wanna know why?    (goes back into his room)  Rachel: Well, this is going well. (Chandler looks worried) Joey: (comes out holding the tape) Here's how I know you didn't    watch the tape, ok? (puts it into the vcr) If you had seen what was on this    tape, believe me, you would have some comments. Alright, now remember, I    got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan. (presses play    and he appears on the TV screen and a TV commercial begins) (The commercial: Joey says "Ichiban". It displays a few girls dancing around and Joey    fills most of the screen, he puts something blue on his lips and smacks them    saying "Lipstick For Men!" It goes on to show him playing a guitar    and putting on more blue lipstick. In the end he says seductively "Ichiban...    Lipstick For Men" and "Sahiko" and it ends. Chandler and Rachel    are speechless.)  Joey: (Yelling at Chandler) And that's how I know you    didn't watch the tape! (goes back to his room and slams the door).  (Silence) Chandler: He really is a chameleon.  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters carrying the horrific    'painting' of Gladys. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the couch.]   Phoebe: (smiling from ear to ear) Well, Gladys say hello to    your new home! (she holds out the 'painting') Monica: (faking happiness) Oh, my!  Rachel: (surprised by how ugly it is) Wow! (sarcastic) Oh,    she's so nice and big! Oh, Monica, where are you going to display Gladys oh    so proudly? (looks around for a spot)  Monica: (sounds desperate, knowing what Rachel is trying to    do) I haven't really settled on a spot yet! Rachel: Well, hey! How about right above the TV? (Points to    the spot where her famous French poster is hanging). That way, it will be    the first thing that you see when you walk in the door! Phoebe: (genuinely excited about it) Yeah, yeah! And you can    get rid of that French poster. Monica: (offended) I like that poster! Phoebe: Really? It doesn't have anything coming out of it.    Or maybe there is some place for her in your bedroom? Rachel: (jumps at the chance to make that happen) Oh! There's    nothing above your bed!! Monica: (Impatient with Rachel) Are you still here? [Scene: Ross' office. Ross is pacing and Benjamin enters]   Ross: Oh hi! Hello! Uh, have you come to ask me some more paleontology    related questions? Uhm... your grandmother's nickname, perhaps? (Now yelling)    Aunt Margaret's pants size? Benjamin: I've come here to apologize. I think I may have    let my feelings for Charlie interfere with the interview process.  Ross: (Sarcastic) No! Stop!  Benjamin: Anyway, I've decided to offer you the grant.  Ross: (Skeptical) Really? Benjamin: Well... there is just one small... stipulation... Ross: I have to break up with Charlie? Benjamin: Hey, you got one right! (Ross shakes his head)  Ross: You're crazy. Benjamin: Crazy, or... romantic? Ross: Crazy! Benjamin: Ooor... Ross: (Yelling) Get out! (Benjamin leaves)  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Rachel enters, checking the mail, then looks up and sees Gladys placed on    the barcalounger.) Rachel: O-oh my God! Joey: (enters from his bedroom) What? Rachel: Joey, what... is... this...thing... doing here? Joey: I got it from Monica. She sold it to me for a very    reasonable price. Rachel: Joey, we're not keeping this! Joey: But it's an original Buffay... Rachel: Alright, fine. You can keep it. As long as you don't    mind that she's haunted.  Joey: Hey? what? what? wey! whoo! what? what!? Rachel: Well, legend has it Joey, that... she comes alive    when you're asleep. (Joey's eyes are twice their size now, and looks nervously from Rachel to Gladys    and back.) Rachel: She climbs out of the frame, and then drags her half-a-body    across the floor, just looking for legs to steal. (in a spooky, slow voice)    And then with her one good hand, she slo-o-owly re-e-a-aches up and turns your    doorknob. Joey: GET THAT LEGLESS WITCH OUT OF HERE! (Joey leaves for his bedroom, and Rachel grins. She then takes Gladys and enters    Monica's apartment.) Monica: Hey! I sold that to Joey. Rachel: Well, why I told him it's haunted. Two can play at    this game. (gives Gladys to Monica) Monica: No, too late. You can't give it back! (she pushes    the painting back to Rachel) Rachel: Yes I can! (pushes her back again) Monica: No you can't. She's yours! Rachel: She's yours! Monica: SHE'S YOURS! Rachel: She's yours! (While they are both pushing the painting towards each other, Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Hey! (there's a pause) Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's m-i-i-ne! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Phoebe: You guys! You guys! You don't have to fight over her    anymore. (she goes out into the hallway and enters with an even more hideous    painting/collage. One of those faceles mannequins heads wearing a blueish dress    and orange gloves reaching out into the room. Around the head 3 small dolls    are hovering.) Whoever doesn't get Gladys gets Glynnis. (Rachel and Monica are    gasping for air at the sight of this monstrous piece of art.) Rachel: I want Gladys! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey's home alone, reading a Sports    Illustrated magazine when Chandler enters.] Chandler: Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And    I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part    or not. Joey: That's not the point Chandler. The point is that you    lied. Chandler: I know. You're right. What's it gonna take for you    to forgive me?  [Scene: Central Perk. Monica, Phoebe and Rachel are on the couch.] Monica: Oh my God! (we see Joey and Chandler standing there, and Chandler is wearing the blue    Ichiban lipstick!) Rachel: Excellent! Joey: Now, what do you say? Chandler: Lying is wrong! Joey: And?... AND? Chandler: I'm a pretty little girl. Phoebe: I knew it!  [Scene: Central Perk. Some time later that day. The group has    left and Charlie is there when Ross enters.] Ross: Your ex-boyfriend is insane. Charlie: Did you get the grant? Ross: No I didn't, and you want to know why? Because your    ex-boyfriend is still in love with you. Charlie: What? Ross: Yeah. He wouldn't give me the grant, because I wouldn't    give you up. Charlie: Benji isn't in love with me. I mean, he broke up    with me. And besides, he's a very ethical man. Ross: Really? Is it ethical to ask someone in a grant review,    who was the voice of "Underdog"? Charlie: I'm sure he was just joking, Ross. Ross: If you don't believe me, let's go talk to him, okay?    I'm telling you, he didn't ask me one paleontological question. Charlie: Seriously? Ross: Oh, I'm sorry, no. He did ask me one. Uhm... How do    you spell Mboscodictiosaur? Charlie: Well, if it's like the lake Mbosco in Congo, then    M-B-O...  Ross: Damnit!  [Scene: Benjamin's office. Ross and Charlie are entering.] Benjamin: Dr. Geller...? Charlie... What are you... what are    you doing here? Ross: I want you to tell her everything. About the deal you    tried to make with me, about the crazy questions you... Wally Cox! That's the    voice of Underdog! Benjamin: Like I tried to tell you in the interview Ross,    this grant is not based on your knowledge of pretty useless trivia. Ross: No, no, no. Don't do that! I want you to look her in    the eyes, and tell her the truth. Charlie: Benji? Benjamin: Alright, it's true. I behaved horribly. But it's    only because I still love you. And I would do anything to have you back in    my life. Ross: Too little, too late, Benji! Charlie: I can't believe this. Benjamin: I never should have broken up with you. I think    about you all the time. I mean, do you ever still think about me?  Ross: (indignant) No! Charlie: Yes! Ross: What? Charlie: I don't know what to say, Benji. This is all so....    romantic. Ross: or... Benjamin: Listen, I know, I may be way out of bounds here,    but is there any chance you will take me back? Charlie: Maybe... Ross: Sweetie, this conversation is starting to make me a    little uncomfortable. Charlie: Oh God! I am so sorry, but... (she puts her hand    on Ross's cheek) I mean it's... there's so much history between us, you know... Benjamin: (puts his hand on Ross's other cheek) I'm sorry    too... (Charlie and Benji both let their hands slide down Ross's face, until their    hands meet, and they hold hands.) Benjamin: I love you! Charlie: I love you too! (and they start to kiss) Ross: Okay, that's it. WE ARE SEEING OTHER PEOPLE!    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene: Joey's bedroom. Joey's asleep with Hugsy, the penguin    right next to him.] (There are scratching and squeaking noises coming from the living room, and    Joey wakes up, terrified. He pulls his blanket higher. The doorknob is turning.) Joey: Gladys? (The door opens, and there is Gladys, still in her frame though. Joey panics    and moves frantically, screaming. Then there is laughing, and the painting is    lowered. It was Rachel holding Gladys.)  Rachel: Ha ha ha, third time this week. Man, this does not    get old. Joey: You're mean! Rachel: Oh, don't be such a baby! (She closes his door again, and turns around. Then she starts screaming, terrified.    There is Glynnis... And Monica holding her up, laughing.)  end        
Chandler: Hey you guys.  Rachel: Hi! Joey: Oh! Any word on casting yet? Chandler: Joe, I told you, you're just not right for    the part. Joey: What do you mean? Rach, don't I seem like a professor    you'd buy some kind of e-crap from? Rachel: I'm sorry, this sounds like something I'm never gonna    be interested in. Joey (to Chandler): Look, c'mon, please? It's    not like I'm asking for some crazy favour. This is what I do for a living. I    am a professional actor! (he glances at his watch and sees the time) Oh, man,    I'm two hours late for work! (he stands, ready to go). Look, here's a    copy of my reels. It's got all the commercials that I've been in. Chandler: Joe... Joey: Just watch it, and if you don't like it, you don't    pass it on to your bosses! Chandler: Fine! Joey: Thank you. (he sits down) Chandler: Work, Joe! Joey: Damn it! (he leaves) Chandler (to Rachel): What am I gonna do now? Joey: Just pass it to your boss! Chandler: He's not right for the part. So if I suggest    him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should    learn on their own! Rachel: Just tell Joey that you watched the tape and you liked    it, but your bosses didn't. Then that way, you're the good guy and    they're the bad guys. Chandler: That's good! I liked it, they didn't.    (he sees Joey out of the window hitting on a girl) Joey, for God's sake,    go to work! (Joey runs away).  [Scene: A restaurant. Ross and Charlie are waiting for her ex-boyfriend,    Benjamin Hobart]    Ross: I can't believe I'm about to meet Benjamin Hobart.    I've always thought of him as one of the people I'd invite to my fantasy dinner    party. Do you think there's any chance he'll bring Christie Brinkley    or C3PO? Charlie: (glances over Ross' shoulder) Sorry, looks    like it's just him. Benjamin: Charlie! My God, you look absolutely stunning! Ross: Well, I... I am having a good hair day. Benjamin: So good to see you. Charlie: Me too. (she and Benjamin are hugging for very long    and Ross starts pretending to clear his throat, until they stop) Ross: I'm ok. Charlie: I'm sorry... (introduces them to each other) Ross    Geller... Benjamin Hobart. Ross: It's an honor to meet you. I can't tell    you how long I've been an admirer of your work, I mean, that Nobel prize,    (he thumbs up) whoooo! I mean, I have to tell you that, you're one of    the reasons I got into the field. Benjamin: Oh, well, likewise. Actually, not likewise. I've    never heard of you until this morning, but, it's nice to be nice!  Charlie: Shall we? (they sit down and Benjamin takes Ross'    chair). Benjamin: (to Ross) Thank you! (to Charlie). I can't    believe that you chose this restaurant! Do you remember the night? Charlie: Oh my God, I completely forgot! (they laugh) Oh   my  God! I can't believe they let us back in this place! (they laugh   more, and Ross start laughing too). Benjamin (to Ross): You weren't there! Ross: No, but, it's, you know, it's just a funny image,    you know, the two of you, in this restaurant, with... (laughs nervously)tzz-zzz,    mmm. Charlie: Ross, why don't you tell Benji about your proposal,    while I go to the ladies room? Benjamin: So, tell me about it. Ross: Ok well, I would like to do a dig in the painted desert. Benjamin: M-m. Ross: See, there are still several areas that haven't    been fully excavated. Benjamin: Break up with Charlie! Ross: What? Benjamin: What? Ross: Did you just say "break up with Charlie"? Benjamin: Well, yes, and now. Yes I did say it, and no, I    didn't not say it. Ross: Kind of inappropriate, don't you think? Benjamin: I'm sorry. I just haven't seen her for so    long! All these feelings are rushing back! I'm starting to realize how much    I missed her, and I'm gonna need you to break up with her. Ross: Are you serious? Benjamin: If you say yes then I'm serious, if you say no then    I'm joking! Ross: No! Benjamin: Joking it is!  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters the room.]   Phoebe: Hi! Sorry, I'm late. Monica: Hey, how did it go with Mike, is he gonna let you    keep the painting? Phoebe: No, he really hates it. But he's gonna let me    keep my box of human hair! So you got to pick your battles. But the good news    is, Gladys is yours! Monica: Wow, what's the bad news! Rachel: Who's Gladys? Phoebe: Oh, she's that work of art I made, you know,    with the woman coming out of the frame. Rachel: (sarcastic) Oh, and Monica gets to keep her?   In her house? I am so jealous! Phoebe: Oh, I didn't know you wanted her too! Monica: Huh! Rachel: Well, I mean, sure, of course. But... you already    gave that to Monica, so... Monica: You know, I would give her up, for you. Rachel: No, I couldn't let you do that. Monica: But I want to. Rachel: But I don't want you to. Monica: But I insist! Rachel: But I insist harder! Phoebe: Girls, girls, stop, ok? We'll flip a coin. Heads,    she's Rachel's, tails she's Monica's. (she flips the    coin). Tails! Monica, she's yours! Monica: No, that landed in your food! Rachel: (sarcastic) No, no, that's ok. You won fair    and square. I'm so sad!  [Scene: Chandler walks into Joey's apartment]   Chandler: Hey Joe! Joey: What's up? Chandler: Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along    to my bosses and they weren't interested. Joey: (sounds disappointed) Oh. Chandler: (Hands the tape back to him) I'm sorry man. Joey: (looks at him suspiciously) But, ehm... you watched    the tape? Chandler: (sounds nervous) Yeah! I... I... I liked it! (Joey    continues to look at him suspiciously) But, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it.    Stupid sons of bitches! Joey: (sounds confident) You didn't watch the tape. Chandler: (looks surprised) What!? Of course I did! Joey: Look, it's one thing not to cast me, but to lie to me? Chandler: I'm not lying to you, I watched it! Joey: Well, you lied again! (Rachel comes out of her room    and is observing the conversation) Chandler: I watched it! Joey: Keep going Pinocchio! Chandler: (now yelling) (pretending to look shocked) I did! Joey: (yelling back) No you didn't! (turns and goes towards    his room) Chandler: (following him) I'm telling you, I watched the tape.    (Reaches Joey's room and Joey slams the door in his face) Rachel: Did you watch the tape? Chandler:(In a sarcastic "of course not"!-tone)    No!  [Scene: Interview room. Ross and two other professors (one man,    one woman) are sitting on one side of a long desk. Benjamin Hobart is sitting    on the other side]   Benjamin: The selection committee has chosen the three of    you as our finalists today. The ultimate decision will be based upon the answers    you give to the questions I ask here. I'm gonna start with Dr. Li. Dr. Li, you    claim the field is too reliant on the Linnaean taxonomic system. How do you    propose to correct this problem? Dr. Li: Well, I believe that the answers lie in the osteological    evidence. I plan to begin there. Benjamin: (nods) Interesting. Ross: (Rolls his eyes) I guess! Benjamin: Dr. Biely, your proposal includes some field work.    Where might that take place? Dr. Biely: Primarily in the Pierre Shale region of South Dakota. Benjamin: Certainly. Very well. And Dr. Geller, when is my    birthday? Ross: (shocked and confused by the question) What? I... I...    (Benjamin looks at him as if to say "What's wrong? Answer the question") Benjamin: Care to venture a guess? Ross: (annoyed) May 12th? Benjamin: (looks surprised and un-impressed) That's not even    kinda close! (Ross looks around confused) Dr. Li, how many graduate students    you'd be needing? Dr. Li: Half a dozen. Benjamin: I see, and Dr. Biely? Dr. Biely: Three for excavation and two for analysis. Benjamin: Certainly. Dr. Geller, which 1965 Shirelles hit    was later covered by a popular British invasion band? Ross: (even more shocked) Wha..? I need 6 graduate students.   Benjamin: No! I'm sorry, we were looking for "Baby It's    You". Baby It's You. Ross: Wha...? Wait, wait, wait, just a minute. None of my    questions have anything to do with Paleontology. Benjamin: You're right, I apologize. Scratch the last question.    Spell "Boscodictiasaur". Ross: (annoyed) um... I've never heard of a "Boscodictiasaur". Benjamin: Yeah, I just made it up. Spell it. Ross: (stares at him angrily) Ok. (determined to spell it    correctly) B - O - S ... Benjamin: No, it starts with a silent "M". Ross: Oh come on!!  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. Chandler and Rachel are    talking.]   Chandler: I can't believe Joey. I hate being called a liar! Rachel: But you are a liar. Chandler: What did I just say? (Joey comes out of his room) Joey: You still here? Chandler: Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am    insulted. When I tell somebody I did something... Joey: Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there, ok?    First, you lied, right? Then, you lied about lying, ok? Then you lied about    lying about lying, ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying    about... lying... (loses count and begins to count the number of 'lyings' in    the air but gives up.) (yelling) Stop lying! Chandler: Why are you so sure I didn't watch this tape? Joey: (very angry) You wanna know wh...? You wanna know why?    (goes back into his room)  Rachel: Well, this is going well. (Chandler looks worried) Joey: (comes out holding the tape) Here's how I know you didn't    watch the tape, ok? (puts it into the vcr) If you had seen what was on this    tape, believe me, you would have some comments. Alright, now remember, I    got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan. (presses play    and he appears on the TV screen and a TV commercial begins) (The commercial: Joey says "Ichiban". It displays a few girls dancing around and Joey    fills most of the screen, he puts something blue on his lips and smacks them    saying "Lipstick For Men!" It goes on to show him playing a guitar    and putting on more blue lipstick. In the end he says seductively "Ichiban...    Lipstick For Men" and "Sahiko" and it ends. Chandler and Rachel    are speechless.)  Joey: (Yelling at Chandler) And that's how I know you    didn't watch the tape! (goes back to his room and slams the door).  (Silence) Chandler: He really is a chameleon.  [Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe enters carrying the horrific    'painting' of Gladys. Monica and Rachel are sitting on the couch.]   Phoebe: (smiling from ear to ear) Well, Gladys say hello to    your new home! (she holds out the 'painting') Monica: (faking happiness) Oh, my!  Rachel: (surprised by how ugly it is) Wow! (sarcastic) Oh,    she's so nice and big! Oh, Monica, where are you going to display Gladys oh    so proudly? (looks around for a spot)  Monica: (sounds desperate, knowing what Rachel is trying to    do) I haven't really settled on a spot yet! Rachel: Well, hey! How about right above the TV? (Points to    the spot where her famous French poster is hanging). That way, it will be    the first thing that you see when you walk in the door! Phoebe: (genuinely excited about it) Yeah, yeah! And you can    get rid of that French poster. Monica: (offended) I like that poster! Phoebe: Really? It doesn't have anything coming out of it.    Or maybe there is some place for her in your bedroom? Rachel: (jumps at the chance to make that happen) Oh! There's    nothing above your bed!! Monica: (Impatient with Rachel) Are you still here? [Scene: Ross' office. Ross is pacing and Benjamin enters]   Ross: Oh hi! Hello! Uh, have you come to ask me some more paleontology    related questions? Uhm... your grandmother's nickname, perhaps? (Now yelling)    Aunt Margaret's pants size? Benjamin: I've come here to apologize. I think I may have    let my feelings for Charlie interfere with the interview process.  Ross: (Sarcastic) No! Stop!  Benjamin: Anyway, I've decided to offer you the grant.  Ross: (Skeptical) Really? Benjamin: Well... there is just one small... stipulation... Ross: I have to break up with Charlie? Benjamin: Hey, you got one right! (Ross shakes his head)  Ross: You're crazy. Benjamin: Crazy, or... romantic? Ross: Crazy! Benjamin: Ooor... Ross: (Yelling) Get out! (Benjamin leaves)  [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] (Rachel enters, checking the mail, then looks up and sees Gladys placed on    the barcalounger.) Rachel: O-oh my God! Joey: (enters from his bedroom) What? Rachel: Joey, what... is... this...thing... doing here? Joey: I got it from Monica. She sold it to me for a very    reasonable price. Rachel: Joey, we're not keeping this! Joey: But it's an original Buffay... Rachel: Alright, fine. You can keep it. As long as you don't    mind that she's haunted.  Joey: Hey? what? what? wey! whoo! what? what!? Rachel: Well, legend has it Joey, that... she comes alive    when you're asleep. (Joey's eyes are twice their size now, and looks nervously from Rachel to Gladys    and back.) Rachel: She climbs out of the frame, and then drags her half-a-body    across the floor, just looking for legs to steal. (in a spooky, slow voice)    And then with her one good hand, she slo-o-owly re-e-a-aches up and turns your    doorknob. Joey: GET THAT LEGLESS WITCH OUT OF HERE! (Joey leaves for his bedroom, and Rachel grins. She then takes Gladys and enters    Monica's apartment.) Monica: Hey! I sold that to Joey. Rachel: Well, why I told him it's haunted. Two can play at    this game. (gives Gladys to Monica) Monica: No, too late. You can't give it back! (she pushes    the painting back to Rachel) Rachel: Yes I can! (pushes her back again) Monica: No you can't. She's yours! Rachel: She's yours! Monica: SHE'S YOURS! Rachel: She's yours! (While they are both pushing the painting towards each other, Phoebe enters) Phoebe: Hey! (there's a pause) Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's m-i-i-ne! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Phoebe: You guys! You guys! You don't have to fight over her    anymore. (she goes out into the hallway and enters with an even more hideous    painting/collage. One of those faceles mannequins heads wearing a blueish dress    and orange gloves reaching out into the room. Around the head 3 small dolls    are hovering.) Whoever doesn't get Gladys gets Glynnis. (Rachel and Monica are    gasping for air at the sight of this monstrous piece of art.) Rachel: I want Gladys! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! Monica: She's mine! Rachel: She's mine! [Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey's home alone, reading a Sports    Illustrated magazine when Chandler enters.] Chandler: Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And    I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part    or not. Joey: That's not the point Chandler. The point is that you    lied. Chandler: I know. You're right. What's it gonna take for you    to forgive me?  [Scene: Central Perk. Monica, Phoebe and Rachel are on the couch.] Monica: Oh my God! (we see Joey and Chandler standing there, and Chandler is wearing the blue    Ichiban lipstick!) Rachel: Excellent! Joey: Now, what do you say? Chandler: Lying is wrong! Joey: And?... AND? Chandler: I'm a pretty little girl. Phoebe: I knew it!  [Scene: Central Perk. Some time later that day. The group has    left and Charlie is there when Ross enters.] Ross: Your ex-boyfriend is insane. Charlie: Did you get the grant? Ross: No I didn't, and you want to know why? Because your    ex-boyfriend is still in love with you. Charlie: What? Ross: Yeah. He wouldn't give me the grant, because I wouldn't    give you up. Charlie: Benji isn't in love with me. I mean, he broke up    with me. And besides, he's a very ethical man. Ross: Really? Is it ethical to ask someone in a grant review,    who was the voice of "Underdog"? Charlie: I'm sure he was just joking, Ross. Ross: If you don't believe me, let's go talk to him, okay?    I'm telling you, he didn't ask me one paleontological question. Charlie: Seriously? Ross: Oh, I'm sorry, no. He did ask me one. Uhm... How do    you spell Mboscodictiosaur? Charlie: Well, if it's like the lake Mbosco in Congo, then    M-B-O...  Ross: Damnit!  [Scene: Benjamin's office. Ross and Charlie are entering.] Benjamin: Dr. Geller...? Charlie... What are you... what are    you doing here? Ross: I want you to tell her everything. About the deal you    tried to make with me, about the crazy questions you... Wally Cox! That's the    voice of Underdog! Benjamin: Like I tried to tell you in the interview Ross,    this grant is not based on your knowledge of pretty useless trivia. Ross: No, no, no. Don't do that! I want you to look her in    the eyes, and tell her the truth. Charlie: Benji? Benjamin: Alright, it's true. I behaved horribly. But it's    only because I still love you. And I would do anything to have you back in    my life. Ross: Too little, too late, Benji! Charlie: I can't believe this. Benjamin: I never should have broken up with you. I think    about you all the time. I mean, do you ever still think about me?  Ross: (indignant) No! Charlie: Yes! Ross: What? Charlie: I don't know what to say, Benji. This is all so....    romantic. Ross: or... Benjamin: Listen, I know, I may be way out of bounds here,    but is there any chance you will take me back? Charlie: Maybe... Ross: Sweetie, this conversation is starting to make me a    little uncomfortable. Charlie: Oh God! I am so sorry, but... (she puts her hand    on Ross's cheek) I mean it's... there's so much history between us, you know... Benjamin: (puts his hand on Ross's other cheek) I'm sorry    too... (Charlie and Benji both let their hands slide down Ross's face, until their    hands meet, and they hold hands.) Benjamin: I love you! Charlie: I love you too! (and they start to kiss) Ross: Okay, that's it. WE ARE SEEING OTHER PEOPLE!    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene: Joey's bedroom. Joey's asleep with Hugsy, the penguin    right next to him.] (There are scratching and squeaking noises coming from the living room, and    Joey wakes up, terrified. He pulls his blanket higher. The doorknob is turning.) Joey: Gladys? (The door opens, and there is Gladys, still in her frame though. Joey panics    and moves frantically, screaming. Then there is laughing, and the painting is    lowered. It was Rachel holding Gladys.)  Rachel: Ha ha ha, third time this week. Man, this does not    get old. Joey: You're mean! Rachel: Oh, don't be such a baby! (She closes his door again, and turns around. Then she starts screaming, terrified.    There is Glynnis... And Monica holding her up, laughing.)  end        
Phoebe: Hi! Sorry, I'm late.
Phoebe: No, he really hates it. But he's gonna let me    keep my box of human hair! So you got to pick your battles. But the good news    is, Gladys is yours!
Phoebe: Oh, she's that work of art I made, you know,    with the woman coming out of the frame.
Phoebe: Oh, I didn't know you wanted her too!
Phoebe: Girls, girls, stop, ok? We'll flip a coin. Heads,    she's Rachel's, tails she's Monica's. (she flips the    coin). Tails! Monica, she's yours!
Phoebe: (smiling from ear to ear) Well, Gladys say hello to    your new home! (she holds out the 'painting')
Phoebe: (genuinely excited about it) Yeah, yeah! And you can    get rid of that French poster.
Phoebe: Really? It doesn't have anything coming out of it.    Or maybe there is some place for her in your bedroom?
Phoebe: Hey! (there's a pause)
Phoebe: You guys! You guys! You don't have to fight over her    anymore. (she goes out into the hallway and enters with an even more hideous    painting/collage. One of those faceles mannequins heads wearing a blueish dress    and orange gloves reaching out into the room. Around the head 3 small dolls    are hovering.) Whoever doesn't get Gladys gets Glynnis. (Rachel and Monica are    gasping for air at the sight of this monstrous piece of art.)
Phoebe: I knew it! 
Written by: Mark Kunerth   Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa   Final check by Kim [Scene: Central Perk] (Joey and Ross enter. Phoebe and Mike are sitting on the couch, reading a magazine.) Ross: Hey you guys! Phoebe: Hey! Ross: Hey, what are you doing? Mike: Oh, figuring out our wedding plans. Chandler: That's funny, we were doing the same thing! Ross: Yeah! Phoebe: It's really crazy! The hall, the dress, the food... I-I had no idea    how expensive this stuff was! Chandler: Yeah it is really pricey. I mean, I freaked when I first heard the    numbers. Phoebe: So what did you two do about it? Chandler: It was pretty simple actually, I came up with a couple of cost-cutting    solutions, wrote out a list and Monica told me to go to hell. Ross: There's no way around it Pheebs, you just gonna have to accept the fact    that this is gonna cost you a lot of money. Mike: I heard that weddings are like a 40 billion dollar a year industry. Ross: Yeah, and I'm responsible for just like half of that. Phoebe: But really, it does seem like this money could be put to better use? Mike: Are you serious? Phoebe: Yeah! Now, how would you feel if we gave all the wedding money to charity    and we just got married at City Hall? Mike: I think it would make me wanna marry you even more. (he kisses her) Ross: I've got to say you guys, that's an incredible gesture! Chandler: (to Ross) Maybe you do that next time you get married! Ross: No, no, no. The next time it's gonna be a Hawaii at sunset. [pause] But    maybe the time after that!  Opening Credits  [Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment] (Monica is cleaning the table, Chandler is sitting on the sofa. Joey enters.) Joey: Hey! Chandler: Hey! Joey: What's going on? Chandler: Our adoption social worker is coming by today so we are cleaning    the apartment. Monica: (sarcastically) We? Chandler: You know you don't want me to help. You can't have it both ways! Joey: Hey, is this person who decides whether or not you... get a baby? Chandler: Kind of. She's coming by to interview us and see where we live. Monica: And it has to go perfectly, because if she doesn't like something about    us she can keep us off every adoption list in the state. Joey: Hey, maybe I should stop by! She could be a soap opera fan! It's very    impressive when the little people know a celebrity. Chandler: (pointing at himself) Little people? Joey: (pointing at himself) Celebrity. Monica: Ok, so I think I'm just about done here, unless you have any bad stuff    hidden somewhere, like... porn or cigarettes? Chandler: What...? NO! Monica: Chandler? Chandler: (he stands up and he feels very offended) I don't, and I'm offended    by the insinuation! Monica: Ok, so there's not a magazine under the couch, or a pack of cigarettes    taped to the back of the toilet tank, or a filthy video in the VCR? Chandler: I'll admit to the cigarettes and the magazine, but that tape is not    mine. Monica: It isn't mine! Joey: (going out with the VCR in his hand) Well, I guess we'll never know whose    it is!     [Scene: The New York City Children's fund hallway.] Charity guy: May I help you?  Phoebe: Yes. We're here to make a rather sizeable donation to the children. Charity guy: Well, any contribution, large or small, is always appreciated. Phoebe: Well, I think you're gonna appreciate it the crap out of this one (she    gives him a check) Charity guy: Well, this is very generous! Phoebe: And we don't want any recognition. This is completely anonymous. Mike: Completely anonymous. From two kind strangers. Phoebe: Mr. X and Phoebe Buffay. Charity guy: Well if you like, we can include your names in our newsletter. Mike: Not necessary. Phoebe: Buffay is spelled B-U-F-F-A-Y. Mike: And "X" is spelled uhm... "Mike Hannigan". Charity guy: Right. Well, on behalf of the children: thank you both very much. Phoebe: Sure, I so glad we did this. It feels so good! Mike: It does. It feels really good! Phoebe: Oh, look! And we get these free t-shirts! (she takes a t-shirt which    was on the counter) Charity guy: Oh, actually, that's the shirt I wore to the gym. Phoebe: Mhm... it's moist.   [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.] Ross: (he enters) Hi! Rachel: Hi! Emma will be up in a minute! Ross: Oh, good! Rachel: Oh hey Ross... Listen, I heard about you and Charlie. I'm really sorry. Ross: Oh, that's OK. I'm sure there are tons of other beautiful paleontologists    out there. Rachel: Absolutely. Ross: There was one! She's it! All the rest look like they should live under    a bridge! Rachel: So, uhm... what are you gonna do today? Ross: Well, I was thinking of taking Emma to the playground! Rachel: Oh my God, what!? Ross: Like I said I was thinking of taking Emma to the museum of knives and    fire! Rachel: Ok, look, Ross. I do not want Emma going to the playground. Ross: Be-caaauuuse... Rachel: (upset) All right, well, if you must know... I had a traumatic... swing    incident... when I was little. Ross: Seriously? Rachel: Yes, I was 4 years old and I was on the swing and then all of a sudden    my hair got tangled in the chain. And to get me out my mom had to-had to cut    a big chunk of my hair! (crying) And it was uneven for weeks! Ross: (sarcastic) And you made it through that? I wonder who's gonna play you    in the movie! Rachel: Ok, fine! You can make fun of me. I do not want Emma going there. And    I was thinking Claire Danes. Ross: Look, I'm sorry to hear about your tragedy, ok? But the swings are perfectly    safe, and besides Emma loves them. You know what, you should come with us and    you'll see! Rachel: Ross, those things go like 40 miles an hour! Ok? When you're... and    there is that moment when you are at the top, when you just don't know if you're    gonna return back to earth!  Ross: Space is filled with orbiting children. (pause) Look, please, just come    on, you know, when you’ll see the look on Emma’s face, I swear you    won’t regret it. Rachel: All right! Ross: Good, you don’t want to be one of those mothers who pass on their    irrational fears on their children, do you? Rachel: Irrational, huh? All right, well, I’ll remember that the next    time you freak out about a spider in your apartment! Ross: Oh, yeah, that’s the same, I am sure there are thirty different    species of poisonous swings!  [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Somebody knocks the door] Monica: Oh my God, the adoption lady is early! Chandler: Ok, ok, here we go. Monica: Ok. Chandler: Here we go. Stand up straight. (smiling) Big smile. (opens the door    and both are smiling exaggeratedly) Phoebe: Hello, is this the creepy residence? Monica: We’re waiting for the adoption lady, but, hey, I’m glad    you’re here. I was cleaning this morning and I found this (she puts a    box on the table and opens it). I don’t know if you wanna use it, but… Phoebe: Awe, this is so sweet of you! But you know what? I won’t be needing    a veil, I actually won’t be wearing a dress at all! Monica: I told you! I am not coming to a naked wedding!  Phoebe: No, no, no, we’re not having a big reception, we took the money    we were gonna spend on a wedding and we donate them to the children charity. Monica: That’s crazy! (Phoebe looks bewildered). I am sorry. I just can’t    imagine giving up my one wedding day like that! Phoebe: We, you know, we’re different! We don’t care about having    a huge party. (She picks up the veil) This is really nice for you, but, oh,    please, I put this on? (she puts it on) And, ow, I look (she looks her reflex    image on a toaster), why, well, radiant. (pause) All right, well, who cares,    I don’t need a pretty veil and a fancy dress. Monica: That’s right. You’re making a commitment and that’s    the same, whether you do that at the Plaza or, where are you gonna do it? Phoebe: City Hall. Monica: Ow! (Chandler slaps her on her back) Oh, that sounds nice! I am just    there for jury duty. They really spruce that place up! Phoebe: It’s ok, it’s ok. I made my decision. What I really want    is a great big wedding (she covers her mouth) Monica: Yay! Chandler: But you already gave all your money to charity! Phoebe: Well, I’ll just ask for it back! Chandler: I don’t think you can do that! Monica: Why not! This is her wedding day, this is way more important than some    stupid kids! Chandler: That’s sweet, honey, but save something for the adoption Lady.  [Scene: The playground. Ross put Emma on the swing and they’re    ready to play] Rachel: Ok, careful. Ross: Ok. Rachel: Careful, watch her hair. WATCH HER HAIR! Ross: Rach, she’s got like three hairs! Rachel: I know (she touches Emma’s head) but they’re just so beautiful!    Oh, my God, I just pulled one out. Ross: I promise you she’s safe! No watch how much she loves this.  Rachel: Ok. Ross (to Emma): Ready sweety? Rachel: Ok. Ross: Here we go! (He starts pushing Emma) Rachel: Ok, careful, ok. (Emma giggles) Oh, she’s smiling! Oh my God,    she does like it! Ross: See, I told you! Rachel: Awe! (Emma laughs) Oh my God! Looks, she’s a little dare-devil!    Oh, let me push, can I push? Ross: Oh, absolutely! Rachel: Ok. Oh God. (To Ross) Get the camera, it’s in the diaper bag. Ross: Ok! (he takes the camera and walks backwards to take a shot) See? Scared    of swings, I bet you feel pretty silly (a swinging boy knocks him down) Ow!     [Scene: The New York City Children's fund ] Mike: We’re seriously asking for our money back? Phoebe: It’s for our wedding day! Right, now, is this guy gay or straight,    because one of us gonna have to start flirting. Charity guy: Wow! Are you here to make another donation the same day? I don’t    think that that’s ever happened before. Phoebe (to Mike): Gay, go. Mike (to the charity guy): Oh my God, I love your shirt! Phoebe: The donation we made earlier, we k…, we w…, we want it    back. Charity guy: Excuse me? Phoebe: Yeah. See, that money was for a big wedding, that we thought we didn’t    want, but it turns out we do. Charity guy: So you’re asking us to refund your donation to the children? Mike: Yeah! This feels really good. Phoebe: I am sorry. I am, but this wedding is just really important to me. Charity guy: Hey, it’s not my business, (he takes their check from a    drawer) besides it’s probably a good thing. We really would have been    spoiling the children, all those food, and warm clothing… Phoebe: Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important!    And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a graduation party! And I didn’t    go to Prom. And I spent my sweet sixteen being chased round a tire yard by an    escaped mental patient who is his own words wanted to “kill me”    or whatever. So I deserve a real celebration and I am not gonna let some sweaty    little man make me feel badly about it.( She storms out) Mike: She could have been talking about either one of us.   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Somebody knocks the door] Laura: Hi, I am Laura, I am here for your adoption interview. Monica: Hi, I am Monica and this is Chandler. Please come in. Laura: Thank you! Monica: Would you like something to drink? Laura: Oh, water would be fine. Monica: Ok. Great. I am so glad that you are here. We’re really excited    about getting this process started. Chandler: Oh, because we love kids. Love ‘em to death.Well, not actually    to death, that's just a figure of speech - we love kids the appropriate amount...    as allowed by law. Laura: Your place is just lovely. Monica: Ah, thank you. This building does have a wholesome family feel to it. Laura: You know, I... I feel like I've been here before. Are any other couples    in the    building adopting? Monica: Is that that couple on the first floor? Because we should get a baby    before    them. Yeah! That guy tried to sell me drugs. (Laura looks shocked) Chandler: But other than that... wholesome, wholesome building. Laura: Oh... Chandler: What? Laura: I just realized why I remember this place. Monica: Really? What is it? Laura: Oh, it's nothing. I went on a date with a guy who lived in this building    and it    didn't end very well. Monica: Ohh... that wouldn't by any chance be... Joey Tribbiani? Laura: Yes! Chandler: Of course it was! Laura: Yeah, we had a really great night and in the morning he promised he    would call    me and he didn't. Chandler: RAT BASTARD! Laura: So you're not friends with him? Monica and Chandler: OH GOD NO! Nope, no, no, no. No! No, no. Nope! No, no,    no, no, no, no, no, no, no. NO! (finally Monica concludes) No! Laura: Well, I'm sorry I brought it up. So, are either one of you planning    on staying at    home with your child... (someone knocks on the door) Joey: (form the other side of the door) Hellooo? Anybody in there order a celebrity?       (He starts to enter the apartment and Chandler runs to the door and shuts it    back in    his face) OW! Laura: What was that? Chandler: Oh, it's just some crazy guy who roams the halls here. He's great    with    kids though.   [Scene: Ross and Rachel are at the playground with Emma. Rachel    in putting her back in the stroller and Ross is tending to his wound] Rachel: Oh, oh Ross, oh my God, are you okay? Ross: SON OF A BITCH! (turns to his right to see three kids staring at him)    (To the    kids) Oh relax! I didn't say the 'F' word! (They go away) Rachel: Ross, see! I told you, those swings are evil! Alright, that is it.    That is    the last time Emma is getting on one of those things for her entire life. Ross: No! No, no, no, no, okay, it wasn't the swing's fault. It was my fault    and kind    of that (point to the kid that kicked him) kids fault. Who is still laughing.    Nice.  Rachel: Ross, c'mon, please. Can we just get out of here, before somebody else    gets    hurt? Ross: No wait, okay, okay, I have an idea. I want you to get on the swing,    okay? And    you'll see that there's nothing to be afraid of.  Rachel: (looks at him suspiciously) I know what this is all about... You've    always been    jealous of my hair. Ross: Look, I just think you're an adult, okay? And you should get over your    silly    fears. Rachel: Alright fine. I'll do it. Ross: Good. Rachel: If you hold a spider.  Ross: (He freaks out and starts jumping around brushing his sweater) WHAT?    WHERE? WHERE? Rachel: IF you hold a spider. Ross: I know. (Rachel bends down to Emma and Ross looks over his shoulder again,       afraid)  [Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. Chandler is still leaning    against the door, keeping Joey out, who is still banging and shouting on the    other side.] Joey: Guys? Everything ok? It's me, Joe... Chandler: (Screams to interrupt Joey) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA......AAAaaa-doption!! Laura: What's going on? Chandler: Oh, just like I said. That crazy... Bert... roaming the halls. (Joey    bangs on    the door again) Joey: Guys!? Monica: Keep on roaming Bert! We don't want any crazy today! Joey: What's going on? Chandler: WE'LL TALK TO YOU LATER, BERT. EVERYTHNG'S FINE!!  (cut to Joey on the other side, who finally leaves the door and goes to his    apartment) Joey: Everything doesn't sound fine! Laura: Is he alright out there by himself? Chandler: Oh yeah! He has a caretaker. His older brother... Ernie. Laura: Bert and Ernie! Chandler: (nervous smile) You can't make this stuff up!  [Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe and Mike enter] Mike: You never told me about that guy on your sweet sixteen. Oh, ugh. I'm    sorry about    that. Phoebe: (Lightly) Oh! It ended okay. One of my friends shot him.  Mike: Well, hey, at least you're getting a proper wedding. I mean, you really    deserve that. Phoebe: Yeah, I really do. You know, I had nothing growing up. (thinks for    a few    seconds) Just like the kids I took the money from. Mike: No! No, no. I see where this is going. Don't make me go back there. Phoebe: Look, I can't have a wedding with this money now. It's tainted. Mike: Alright, fine. We'll give the money back. Phoebe: And if that guy at the charity gives us a hard time, my friend hasn't    shot    anyone in a really long time.   [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing    to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window, Chandler    and Monica are standing on either side of her, facing each other. Laura: Well, I must say, this seems like a lovely environment to raise a child    in. Monica: Oh, by the way, you are more than welcome to look under any of the    furniture,    because, believe me, you won't find any porn or cigarettes under there! Laura: Oh! Well, actually, before we look around, let me make sure I have everything    I need    up to here... (She starts checking her form. Chandler sees movement near the window from       the corner of his eye and when he looks he spots Joey climbing up the fire escape    and    onto their balcony. He warns Monica silently.) Monica: (Pulls Laura into the spare room) Why don't I show you the baby's room? (Joey enters through the side window and jogs towards the kitchen holding a    baseball bat) Chandler: What the hell are you doing? Joey: Well, you wouldn't let me in, so I thought you were in trouble. Chandler: Well, we're not. Joey: But you called me 'Bert'!? That's our code word for danger! Chandler: We don't have a code word. Joey: We don't? We really should. From now on, 'Bert' will be our code word    for danger. (Monica talks loudly in the baby's room) Monica: So that was the baby's room. (They come out and Chandler throws Joey    behind    the couch and puts his foot on him. Monica looks at Chandler) Monica: (To Chandler) What room should we see next? Chandler: Any room that isn't behind this couch! (laughs nervously) Monica: (laughs nervously as well, Laura looks confused) (To Laura) Some people    don't    get him, but I think he's really funny! (She takes Laura to their own bedroom). (Joey gets up and look annoyed) Joey: (quivering with anger) I did not care for that! Chandler: (escorting Joey to the door) You have to get out of here. You slept    with    our social worker and you never called her back and she is still pissed, so    she can't    see you. Joey: Ok, ok! (He leaves) Chandler: Ok! (Joey leaves and closes the door behind him. Chandler walks towards the living    room, but then Joey enters again.) Chandler: What? Joey: I forgot my bat. (He picks up his bat and holds it up, but then Monica and Laura enter the living    room again. When Laura sees Joey, she freezes...) Laura: Oh my God! Chandler: And for the last time, we do not want to be friends with you! And    we don't want to buy your bat! (Joey lowers his bat) Laura: What are you doing here? Joey: (to Chandler) Bert! Bert! Bert! Bert! Laura: Are you friends with him? Chandler: I can explain... Joey... Joey: Uhm... ok... uhm... Well, yeah... You have got some nerve, coming back    here. I can't believe you never called me. Laura: Excuse me? Joey: Oh... yeah... Probably you don't even remember my name. It's Joey, by    the way. And don't bother telling me yours, because I totally remember it...    lady. Yeah! I waited weeks for you to call me. Laura: I gave you my number, you never called me. Joey: No, no! Don't try to turn this around on me, ok? I'm not some kind of...    social work, ok, that you can just... do. Laura: (embarrassed towards Chandler and Monica) Well, I'm pretty sure I gave    you my number. Joey: Really? Think about it. Come on! You're a beautiful woman, smart, funny,    we had a really good time, huh? If I had your number, why wouldn't I call you? Laura: I don't know... Well, maybe I'm wrong... I'm sorry... Joey: No, no, hey, no! Too late for apologies... ok? You broke my heart. You    know how many women I had to sleep with to get over you? (and he leaves the    apartment, leaving her shocked) Laura: Joey, wait! Joey: (acting sad) NO! I waited a long time, I can't wait anymore... (and closes    the door behind him) Laura: (laughing nervously) I'm sorry that you had to see that. I'm so embarrassed... Chandler: Oh, that's really ok. Monica: Yeah, that we totally understand. Dating is hard. Laura: Boy, you people are nice... And I've got to say... I think you're going    to make excellent parents. (Chandler and Monica hug each other, and then Joey enters the apartment again.) Joey: LAURA! (and points to her, very confident)   [Scene: The New York City Children's Fund building. Phoebe and    Mike are entering.] Phoebe: (to the Charity guy) We're back! Charity guy: Are you here to take more money? Because, I think what you're    looking for is an ATM. Mike: No, no, we're here to give the money back. Phoebe: Yeah, because you know what, it's... it's all about the children.  (the Charity guy smiles wanting to take the check, but Phoebe pulls it back    again. His smile fades.)  Phoebe: Although... it's also about the wedding... Ugh, alright... here. (she    gives the check and pulls it back again) No... Oh God... Oh! Charity guy: If I haven't said so already sir, (sarcastically pointing to Phoebe)    congratulations! Mike: (takes the check from Phoebe) Ok, look! Enough! Alright? I'm stepping    in. I'm putting my foot down! As your future husband I'm going to make this    decision for us. (thinking) Now... what do you think we should do? Charity guy: You know what? It's not your decision anymore. Mike: What? Charity guy: On behalf of the Children of New York, I reject your money. Phoebe: But... but... but we're giving you this! Charity guy: Yeah... And I'm giving it back to you... Come on! Consider it    a contribution. (gives the check to Phoebe) Phoebe: (looks at the amount on the check, and gasps) Well, this is very generous! Charity guy: Please, take the check, go have a great wedding and a wonderful    life together. Mike: Well, I mean... It sounds good to me. And that way we can save up, come    back in a few years and make an even bigger donation. Charity guy: Absolutely! And when you do, make sure you ask for Brian. Phoebe: Oh, is that you? Charity guy: No!   [Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. They are sitting in    their living room when the phone rings.] Monica: Hello...? Oh hi... Oh my God...! Really...? I can't wait to tell Chandler...    Ok, goodbye. (hangs up) Chandler: Wrong number? Monica: It was Laura... She gave us a great report and we are officially on    the waiting list. Chandler: That's great! Monica: Now we just have to wait for a call and... and someone tells us there's    a baby waiting for us. Oh...  (Chandler and Monica hug and after a while the telephone rings again... Monica's    eyes get bigger. Chandler answers.) Chandler: Hello...? Have you seen Joey's bat?    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene: The playground. Ross, Rachel and Emma are still there.    Rachel comes walking to Ross and Emma with something between her hands.] Rachel: Ok... I got a spider. There were two, I picked the bigger one. Ross: (nervously) Ok... Rachel: Ok... (and passes the spider to Ross who holds it in between his hands) Ross: (Gasps and speaks at a higher pitch) This feels perfectly normal. Ok,    get on the swing! Rachel: (reluctantly) Ok... O-k... (She slowly grabs the chains of the swing, swings her hair back, and sits down.) Rachel: (more confident) Ok... (She slowly walks forward and backward, to gain speed...) Rachel: whoo... ok... wow... ok... OH! Ross: See? Rachel: A-alright! I can do this. Ross: There you go! Good for you! And you know what, I'm actually getting used    to this little guy. I don't really even feel him in here anymore. Rachel: That's because he's on your neck. Ross: Well... (realizes, screaming like a little girl, trying to get rid of    the spider) Whaa... aaah... aaahhh... (Ross is now preoccupied with the spider, and forgets that Rachel is still    using the swing. While trying to get rid of the spider, he stands in front of    Rachel, who bumps into him, throwing him on the ground again.) Rachel: ROSS! (Rachel tries to stop mid-swing, and the swing starts to turn from side to    side) end  
Phoebe: It's really crazy! The hall, the dress, the food... I-I had no idea    how expensive this stuff was!
Phoebe: So what did you two do about it?
Phoebe: But really, it does seem like this money could be put to better use?
Phoebe: Yeah! Now, how would you feel if we gave all the wedding money to charity    and we just got married at City Hall?
Phoebe: Yes. We're here to make a rather sizeable donation to the children.
Phoebe: Well, I think you're gonna appreciate it the crap out of this one (she    gives him a check)
Phoebe: And we don't want any recognition. This is completely anonymous.
Phoebe: Mr. X and Phoebe Buffay.
Phoebe: Buffay is spelled B-U-F-F-A-Y.
Phoebe: Sure, I so glad we did this. It feels so good!
Phoebe: Oh, look! And we get these free t-shirts! (she takes a t-shirt which    was on the counter)
Phoebe: Mhm... it's moist.
Monica: Oh my God, the adoption lady is early! Chandler: Ok, ok, here we go. Monica: Ok. Chandler: Here we go. Stand up straight. (smiling) Big smile. (opens the door    and both are smiling exaggeratedly) Phoebe: Hello, is this the creepy residence? Monica: We’re waiting for the adoption lady, but, hey, I’m glad    you’re here. I was cleaning this morning and I found this (she puts a    box on the table and opens it). I don’t know if you wanna use it, but… Phoebe: Awe, this is so sweet of you! But you know what? I won’t be needing    a veil, I actually won’t be wearing a dress at all! Monica: I told you! I am not coming to a naked wedding!  Phoebe: No, no, no, we’re not having a big reception, we took the money    we were gonna spend on a wedding and we donate them to the children charity. Monica: That’s crazy! (Phoebe looks bewildered). I am sorry. I just can’t    imagine giving up my one wedding day like that! Phoebe: We, you know, we’re different! We don’t care about having    a huge party. (She picks up the veil) This is really nice for you, but, oh,    please, I put this on? (she puts it on) And, ow, I look (she looks her reflex    image on a toaster), why, well, radiant. (pause) All right, well, who cares,    I don’t need a pretty veil and a fancy dress. Monica: That’s right. You’re making a commitment and that’s    the same, whether you do that at the Plaza or, where are you gonna do it? Phoebe: City Hall. Monica: Ow! (Chandler slaps her on her back) Oh, that sounds nice! I am just    there for jury duty. They really spruce that place up! Phoebe: It’s ok, it’s ok. I made my decision. What I really want    is a great big wedding (she covers her mouth) Monica: Yay! Chandler: But you already gave all your money to charity! Phoebe: Well, I’ll just ask for it back! Chandler: I don’t think you can do that! Monica: Why not! This is her wedding day, this is way more important than some    stupid kids! Chandler: That’s sweet, honey, but save something for the adoption Lady.  [Scene: The playground. Ross put Emma on the swing and they’re    ready to play] Rachel: Ok, careful. Ross: Ok. Rachel: Careful, watch her hair. WATCH HER HAIR! Ross: Rach, she’s got like three hairs! Rachel: I know (she touches Emma’s head) but they’re just so beautiful!    Oh, my God, I just pulled one out. Ross: I promise you she’s safe! No watch how much she loves this.  Rachel: Ok. Ross (to Emma): Ready sweety? Rachel: Ok. Ross: Here we go! (He starts pushing Emma) Rachel: Ok, careful, ok. (Emma giggles) Oh, she’s smiling! Oh my God,    she does like it! Ross: See, I told you! Rachel: Awe! (Emma laughs) Oh my God! Looks, she’s a little dare-devil!    Oh, let me push, can I push? Ross: Oh, absolutely! Rachel: Ok. Oh God. (To Ross) Get the camera, it’s in the diaper bag. Ross: Ok! (he takes the camera and walks backwards to take a shot) See? Scared    of swings, I bet you feel pretty silly (a swinging boy knocks him down) Ow!     [Scene: The New York City Children's fund ] Mike: We’re seriously asking for our money back? Phoebe: It’s for our wedding day! Right, now, is this guy gay or straight,    because one of us gonna have to start flirting. Charity guy: Wow! Are you here to make another donation the same day? I don’t    think that that’s ever happened before. Phoebe (to Mike): Gay, go. Mike (to the charity guy): Oh my God, I love your shirt! Phoebe: The donation we made earlier, we k…, we w…, we want it    back. Charity guy: Excuse me? Phoebe: Yeah. See, that money was for a big wedding, that we thought we didn’t    want, but it turns out we do. Charity guy: So you’re asking us to refund your donation to the children? Mike: Yeah! This feels really good. Phoebe: I am sorry. I am, but this wedding is just really important to me. Charity guy: Hey, it’s not my business, (he takes their check from a    drawer) besides it’s probably a good thing. We really would have been    spoiling the children, all those food, and warm clothing… Phoebe: Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important!    And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a graduation party! And I didn’t    go to Prom. And I spent my sweet sixteen being chased round a tire yard by an    escaped mental patient who is his own words wanted to “kill me”    or whatever. So I deserve a real celebration and I am not gonna let some sweaty    little man make me feel badly about it.( She storms out) Mike: She could have been talking about either one of us.   [Scene: Monica’s apartment. Somebody knocks the door] Laura: Hi, I am Laura, I am here for your adoption interview. Monica: Hi, I am Monica and this is Chandler. Please come in. Laura: Thank you! Monica: Would you like something to drink? Laura: Oh, water would be fine. Monica: Ok. Great. I am so glad that you are here. We’re really excited    about getting this process started. Chandler: Oh, because we love kids. Love ‘em to death.Well, not actually    to death, that's just a figure of speech - we love kids the appropriate amount...    as allowed by law. Laura: Your place is just lovely. Monica: Ah, thank you. This building does have a wholesome family feel to it. Laura: You know, I... I feel like I've been here before. Are any other couples    in the    building adopting? Monica: Is that that couple on the first floor? Because we should get a baby    before    them. Yeah! That guy tried to sell me drugs. (Laura looks shocked) Chandler: But other than that... wholesome, wholesome building. Laura: Oh... Chandler: What? Laura: I just realized why I remember this place. Monica: Really? What is it? Laura: Oh, it's nothing. I went on a date with a guy who lived in this building    and it    didn't end very well. Monica: Ohh... that wouldn't by any chance be... Joey Tribbiani? Laura: Yes! Chandler: Of course it was! Laura: Yeah, we had a really great night and in the morning he promised he    would call    me and he didn't. Chandler: RAT BASTARD! Laura: So you're not friends with him? Monica and Chandler: OH GOD NO! Nope, no, no, no. No! No, no. Nope! No, no,    no, no, no, no, no, no, no. NO! (finally Monica concludes) No! Laura: Well, I'm sorry I brought it up. So, are either one of you planning    on staying at    home with your child... (someone knocks on the door) Joey: (form the other side of the door) Hellooo? Anybody in there order a celebrity?       (He starts to enter the apartment and Chandler runs to the door and shuts it    back in    his face) OW! Laura: What was that? Chandler: Oh, it's just some crazy guy who roams the halls here. He's great    with    kids though.   [Scene: Ross and Rachel are at the playground with Emma. Rachel    in putting her back in the stroller and Ross is tending to his wound] Rachel: Oh, oh Ross, oh my God, are you okay? Ross: SON OF A BITCH! (turns to his right to see three kids staring at him)    (To the    kids) Oh relax! I didn't say the 'F' word! (They go away) Rachel: Ross, see! I told you, those swings are evil! Alright, that is it.    That is    the last time Emma is getting on one of those things for her entire life. Ross: No! No, no, no, no, okay, it wasn't the swing's fault. It was my fault    and kind    of that (point to the kid that kicked him) kids fault. Who is still laughing.    Nice.  Rachel: Ross, c'mon, please. Can we just get out of here, before somebody else    gets    hurt? Ross: No wait, okay, okay, I have an idea. I want you to get on the swing,    okay? And    you'll see that there's nothing to be afraid of.  Rachel: (looks at him suspiciously) I know what this is all about... You've    always been    jealous of my hair. Ross: Look, I just think you're an adult, okay? And you should get over your    silly    fears. Rachel: Alright fine. I'll do it. Ross: Good. Rachel: If you hold a spider.  Ross: (He freaks out and starts jumping around brushing his sweater) WHAT?    WHERE? WHERE? Rachel: IF you hold a spider. Ross: I know. (Rachel bends down to Emma and Ross looks over his shoulder again,       afraid)  [Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. Chandler is still leaning    against the door, keeping Joey out, who is still banging and shouting on the    other side.] Joey: Guys? Everything ok? It's me, Joe... Chandler: (Screams to interrupt Joey) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA......AAAaaa-doption!! Laura: What's going on? Chandler: Oh, just like I said. That crazy... Bert... roaming the halls. (Joey    bangs on    the door again) Joey: Guys!? Monica: Keep on roaming Bert! We don't want any crazy today! Joey: What's going on? Chandler: WE'LL TALK TO YOU LATER, BERT. EVERYTHNG'S FINE!!  (cut to Joey on the other side, who finally leaves the door and goes to his    apartment) Joey: Everything doesn't sound fine! Laura: Is he alright out there by himself? Chandler: Oh yeah! He has a caretaker. His older brother... Ernie. Laura: Bert and Ernie! Chandler: (nervous smile) You can't make this stuff up!  [Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe and Mike enter] Mike: You never told me about that guy on your sweet sixteen. Oh, ugh. I'm    sorry about    that. Phoebe: (Lightly) Oh! It ended okay. One of my friends shot him.  Mike: Well, hey, at least you're getting a proper wedding. I mean, you really    deserve that. Phoebe: Yeah, I really do. You know, I had nothing growing up. (thinks for    a few    seconds) Just like the kids I took the money from. Mike: No! No, no. I see where this is going. Don't make me go back there. Phoebe: Look, I can't have a wedding with this money now. It's tainted. Mike: Alright, fine. We'll give the money back. Phoebe: And if that guy at the charity gives us a hard time, my friend hasn't    shot    anyone in a really long time.   [Scene: Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing    to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window, Chandler    and Monica are standing on either side of her, facing each other. Laura: Well, I must say, this seems like a lovely environment to raise a child    in. Monica: Oh, by the way, you are more than welcome to look under any of the    furniture,    because, believe me, you won't find any porn or cigarettes under there! Laura: Oh! Well, actually, before we look around, let me make sure I have everything    I need    up to here... (She starts checking her form. Chandler sees movement near the window from       the corner of his eye and when he looks he spots Joey climbing up the fire escape    and    onto their balcony. He warns Monica silently.) Monica: (Pulls Laura into the spare room) Why don't I show you the baby's room? (Joey enters through the side window and jogs towards the kitchen holding a    baseball bat) Chandler: What the hell are you doing? Joey: Well, you wouldn't let me in, so I thought you were in trouble. Chandler: Well, we're not. Joey: But you called me 'Bert'!? That's our code word for danger! Chandler: We don't have a code word. Joey: We don't? We really should. From now on, 'Bert' will be our code word    for danger. (Monica talks loudly in the baby's room) Monica: So that was the baby's room. (They come out and Chandler throws Joey    behind    the couch and puts his foot on him. Monica looks at Chandler) Monica: (To Chandler) What room should we see next? Chandler: Any room that isn't behind this couch! (laughs nervously) Monica: (laughs nervously as well, Laura looks confused) (To Laura) Some people    don't    get him, but I think he's really funny! (She takes Laura to their own bedroom). (Joey gets up and look annoyed) Joey: (quivering with anger) I did not care for that! Chandler: (escorting Joey to the door) You have to get out of here. You slept    with    our social worker and you never called her back and she is still pissed, so    she can't    see you. Joey: Ok, ok! (He leaves) Chandler: Ok! (Joey leaves and closes the door behind him. Chandler walks towards the living    room, but then Joey enters again.) Chandler: What? Joey: I forgot my bat. (He picks up his bat and holds it up, but then Monica and Laura enter the living    room again. When Laura sees Joey, she freezes...) Laura: Oh my God! Chandler: And for the last time, we do not want to be friends with you! And    we don't want to buy your bat! (Joey lowers his bat) Laura: What are you doing here? Joey: (to Chandler) Bert! Bert! Bert! Bert! Laura: Are you friends with him? Chandler: I can explain... Joey... Joey: Uhm... ok... uhm... Well, yeah... You have got some nerve, coming back    here. I can't believe you never called me. Laura: Excuse me? Joey: Oh... yeah... Probably you don't even remember my name. It's Joey, by    the way. And don't bother telling me yours, because I totally remember it...    lady. Yeah! I waited weeks for you to call me. Laura: I gave you my number, you never called me. Joey: No, no! Don't try to turn this around on me, ok? I'm not some kind of...    social work, ok, that you can just... do. Laura: (embarrassed towards Chandler and Monica) Well, I'm pretty sure I gave    you my number. Joey: Really? Think about it. Come on! You're a beautiful woman, smart, funny,    we had a really good time, huh? If I had your number, why wouldn't I call you? Laura: I don't know... Well, maybe I'm wrong... I'm sorry... Joey: No, no, hey, no! Too late for apologies... ok? You broke my heart. You    know how many women I had to sleep with to get over you? (and he leaves the    apartment, leaving her shocked) Laura: Joey, wait! Joey: (acting sad) NO! I waited a long time, I can't wait anymore... (and closes    the door behind him) Laura: (laughing nervously) I'm sorry that you had to see that. I'm so embarrassed... Chandler: Oh, that's really ok. Monica: Yeah, that we totally understand. Dating is hard. Laura: Boy, you people are nice... And I've got to say... I think you're going    to make excellent parents. (Chandler and Monica hug each other, and then Joey enters the apartment again.) Joey: LAURA! (and points to her, very confident)   [Scene: The New York City Children's Fund building. Phoebe and    Mike are entering.] Phoebe: (to the Charity guy) We're back! Charity guy: Are you here to take more money? Because, I think what you're    looking for is an ATM. Mike: No, no, we're here to give the money back. Phoebe: Yeah, because you know what, it's... it's all about the children.  (the Charity guy smiles wanting to take the check, but Phoebe pulls it back    again. His smile fades.)  Phoebe: Although... it's also about the wedding... Ugh, alright... here. (she    gives the check and pulls it back again) No... Oh God... Oh! Charity guy: If I haven't said so already sir, (sarcastically pointing to Phoebe)    congratulations! Mike: (takes the check from Phoebe) Ok, look! Enough! Alright? I'm stepping    in. I'm putting my foot down! As your future husband I'm going to make this    decision for us. (thinking) Now... what do you think we should do? Charity guy: You know what? It's not your decision anymore. Mike: What? Charity guy: On behalf of the Children of New York, I reject your money. Phoebe: But... but... but we're giving you this! Charity guy: Yeah... And I'm giving it back to you... Come on! Consider it    a contribution. (gives the check to Phoebe) Phoebe: (looks at the amount on the check, and gasps) Well, this is very generous! Charity guy: Please, take the check, go have a great wedding and a wonderful    life together. Mike: Well, I mean... It sounds good to me. And that way we can save up, come    back in a few years and make an even bigger donation. Charity guy: Absolutely! And when you do, make sure you ask for Brian. Phoebe: Oh, is that you? Charity guy: No!   [Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. They are sitting in    their living room when the phone rings.] Monica: Hello...? Oh hi... Oh my God...! Really...? I can't wait to tell Chandler...    Ok, goodbye. (hangs up) Chandler: Wrong number? Monica: It was Laura... She gave us a great report and we are officially on    the waiting list. Chandler: That's great! Monica: Now we just have to wait for a call and... and someone tells us there's    a baby waiting for us. Oh...  (Chandler and Monica hug and after a while the telephone rings again... Monica's    eyes get bigger. Chandler answers.) Chandler: Hello...? Have you seen Joey's bat?    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene: The playground. Ross, Rachel and Emma are still there.    Rachel comes walking to Ross and Emma with something between her hands.] Rachel: Ok... I got a spider. There were two, I picked the bigger one. Ross: (nervously) Ok... Rachel: Ok... (and passes the spider to Ross who holds it in between his hands) Ross: (Gasps and speaks at a higher pitch) This feels perfectly normal. Ok,    get on the swing! Rachel: (reluctantly) Ok... O-k... (She slowly grabs the chains of the swing, swings her hair back, and sits down.) Rachel: (more confident) Ok... (She slowly walks forward and backward, to gain speed...) Rachel: whoo... ok... wow... ok... OH! Ross: See? Rachel: A-alright! I can do this. Ross: There you go! Good for you! And you know what, I'm actually getting used    to this little guy. I don't really even feel him in here anymore. Rachel: That's because he's on your neck. Ross: Well... (realizes, screaming like a little girl, trying to get rid of    the spider) Whaa... aaah... aaahhh... (Ross is now preoccupied with the spider, and forgets that Rachel is still    using the swing. While trying to get rid of the spider, he stands in front of    Rachel, who bumps into him, throwing him on the ground again.) Rachel: ROSS! (Rachel tries to stop mid-swing, and the swing starts to turn from side to    side) end  
Phoebe: Hello, is this the creepy residence?
Phoebe: Awe, this is so sweet of you! But you know what? I won’t be needing    a veil, I actually won’t be wearing a dress at all!
Phoebe: No, no, no, we’re not having a big reception, we took the money    we were gonna spend on a wedding and we donate them to the children charity.
Phoebe: We, you know, we’re different! We don’t care about having    a huge party. (She picks up the veil) This is really nice for you, but, oh,    please, I put this on? (she puts it on) And, ow, I look (she looks her reflex    image on a toaster), why, well, radiant. (pause) All right, well, who cares,    I don’t need a pretty veil and a fancy dress.
Phoebe: City Hall.
Phoebe: It’s ok, it’s ok. I made my decision. What I really want    is a great big wedding (she covers her mouth)
Phoebe: Well, I’ll just ask for it back!
Phoebe: It’s for our wedding day! Right, now, is this guy gay or straight,    because one of us gonna have to start flirting.
Phoebe: The donation we made earlier, we k…, we w…, we want it    back.
Phoebe: Yeah. See, that money was for a big wedding, that we thought we didn’t    want, but it turns out we do.
Phoebe: I am sorry. I am, but this wedding is just really important to me.
Phoebe: Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important!    And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a graduation party! And I didn’t    go to Prom. And I spent my sweet sixteen being chased round a tire yard by an    escaped mental patient who is his own words wanted to “kill me”    or whatever. So I deserve a real celebration and I am not gonna let some sweaty    little man make me feel badly about it.( She storms out)
Phoebe: (Lightly) Oh! It ended okay. One of my friends shot him. 
Phoebe: Yeah, I really do. You know, I had nothing growing up. (thinks for    a few    seconds) Just like the kids I took the money from.
Phoebe: Look, I can't have a wedding with this money now. It's tainted.
Phoebe: And if that guy at the charity gives us a hard time, my friend hasn't    shot    anyone in a really long time.
Phoebe: (to the Charity guy) We're back!
Phoebe: Yeah, because you know what, it's... it's all about the children. 
Phoebe: Although... it's also about the wedding... Ugh, alright... here. (she    gives the check and pulls it back again) No... Oh God... Oh!
Phoebe: But... but... but we're giving you this!
Phoebe: (looks at the amount on the check, and gasps) Well, this is very generous!
Phoebe: Oh, is that you?
Written by: Scott Silveri    Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller    Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Eleonora, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa    Final check by Kim [Scene: Central Perk. Everyone's sitting on the couch.Monica and Chandler enter]  Chandler:  Hi! Ross: Hey! Monica: Hey! Chandler: We're just here to say goodbye, we're off to Ohio. Phoebe: Oh, right! Your adoption interview! Monica: Yep, we're gonna meet the lady who could be carrying our baby. Joey: I can't believe it. When you guys come back, you're gonna have a baby! That is so weird! Chandler: And so incorrect! Monica: She's only a couple of months pregnant. She liked our application but who knows if she's gonna like us. Ross: Come on, she's gonna love you guys! Chandler: Uhm, thank you, but we're really trying not to get our hopes up. Monica: And a lot could still get in our way. Chandler: Yeah. I mean, this girl could decide against adoption or she could like another couple better.. Phoebe: What are you gonna name the baby? Chandler: I can develop a condition in which I talk and talk and no one hears a word. Joey: But just think, ok? What if everything goes right? What if this woman does pick you guys? Monica: Oh my God. She's gonna pick us! Chandler: So we're standing firm on the 'not getting our hopes up'? Monica: You know, I know that things could still go wrong but if they don't? If this works out, we're gonna have a baby Chandler, a baby! Chandler: Yes, but... Monica: Oh my God, it's gonna WORK! We're gonna make it work! I'm gonna be a mummy and (to Chandler) you're gonna be a daddy! All right, I'll see you suckers. I'm gonna get me... A BABY! {she leaves) Chandler: Oh, screw it, I'm gonna be a daddy!!  OPENING CREDITS  [Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe's speaking to a girl.] Rachel: (to Joey) Hey, who's Phoebe with? Joey: I'm gonna say someone I'm gonna have sex with. (the girl leaves and Phoebe goes toward the couch) (to Phoebe) Hey! Phoebe: Hey! Joey: So... who's your friend? Phoebe: Oh, that's Sarah. No, no. Don't you get any ideas, ok? No, I'm not setting you up with any more of my friends! Joey: OW, why, why, why? Phoebe: Because you'll date her once, sleep with her and then forget she exists! Joey: Oh, name one friend of yours that I did that with. Phoebe: Mandy. Joey: Mandy, uh? Uh... really hot blonde, big boobs? Phoebe: No. Joey: I know why I don't remember her, huh? (he winks at Rachel) Rachel: Do you think I'm someone else? Joey: Ok, I may not have treated your friends well in the past, but I have grown up a lot, really. Honest, Rach? Rachel: Well, believe it or not, it's true. When Joey and I were together, he was wonderful. He was thoughtful and mature. And for the one week that we went out, he didn't sleep with anybody else! Joey: (pointing at himself) Growth! Phoebe: Fine, I'll give you her number. Joey: Ok, thank you. And I promise you I will not forget this one. (he starts writing on his hand) Mandy. Phoebe: SARAH! Joey: Saraaah. Ross: (entering) Hey! Rachel: Hi! Ross: Hey you guys, I need some fashion advice. Rachel: Oh! Ross: (he takes a baby blue beret out of a shopping box and puts it on) How does this look? Rachel: Well, it's a little low... pick up a little... (Ross picks it up) a little bit more... (he picks it up again) a little bit more... (he takes it off) There you go! (pause) Now throw it away! Ross: C'mon! This looks good! Rachel: Ross, please, trust me. I buy 30 fashion magazines a month. Now, I don't know who's running for president or who that... NATO guy is, but I do know that you have to get as far away as you can from that hat. Ross: Damnit! I have this date tomorrow night and I have to look cool! Phoebe: Well, you know, if you want fashion help, Rachel and I are going shopping tomorrow. You're more than welcome to come with us, right? Ross: Really? That would be great. I mean, I have to do something, she kinda teased me about how I dress.  Joey: I can see why, nice shirt! Ross: You're wearing the same shirt. Joey: Stupid Gap on every corner!  [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are entering with a man.]  Agency guy: Please, make yourself comfortable and I will back in a moment with Erica. Monica: Ok, thank you.(the man leaves) Uh, well this is it. Are you OK? Chandler: Yeah. Just weird, you know. It's like: "Hi, I'm Chandler. May I have the human growing inside you?" Monica: Uh, we're gonna be great. Chandler: You're gonna be great. Monica: Well... obviously! Agency guy: (he enters with Erica) Monica, Chandler. I'd like you to meet Erica. Monica: Hi. It is so, so nice to meet you. Erica: (whispering) Hi... Chandler: Thank you so much for agreeing to see us. Erica: Hi. Agency guy: I'll let you get acquainted. Chandler: Ok. Erica: So, it's Monica and Chandler. I only know you as file 0W33815-D. Chandler: That's what our friends call us. Erica: Gosh, you know, you're just such an amazing couple. It's... kind of intimidating. Monica: I don't know about that. Erica: You're kidding me? I mean, it's enough that you are a doctor. But on top of it, you're married to a reverend? Chandler: (astonished) I don't think that's exactly... Monica: (overlapping) Let her finish, doctor.   [Scene: Central Perk]  Phoebe: Hey! Joey: Hey. Phoebe: Oh, my friend Sarah had a great time last night. Joey: Well... Phoebe: Yeah! So you're gonna call this one back? Joey: Nope. Phoebe: What are you talking about? Sarah's great! Joey: Oh, really? You know what your great friend did? We're out to dinner, ok? (he starts talking about the date and we can see what happened through a flashback video) We're getting along, having a really nice time. I was thinking she was really cool. And then, out of nowhere...  (Sarah picks up some fries from Joey’s plate and Joey looks very angry. Then we’re back to Central Perk and Joey does a you-see-what-I-mean look to Phoebe) Phoebe: That’s it? That’s why you won’t go out with her again? So, she took some fries, big deal! Joey: Hey, hey, look! It’s not about a few fries... it’s about what the fries represent. Phoebe: What? Joey: ALL FOOD! Phoebe: I’m sorry, I can’t believe I set you up with such a MONSTER! Joey: Hey, hey, hey, hey. Look. I take a girl out, she can order whatever she wants! The more, the better! All right? Just don’t order a Garden salad and then eat my food! That’s a good way to lose some fingers! (Rachel enters from the main door) Phoebe: (to Rachel) Oh Rachel: Hi Phoebe: Thank God you’re here. Listen to this! Rachel: what? Phoebe: Joey and my friend were out last night and having dinner and she reaches over and takes a few of his fries... Rachel: Oh! Oh, no! (Joey looks satisfied) Phoebe: What? You know about the plate thing? Rachel: Oh, yeah. Joey doesn’t share food. I mean, just last week we were having breakfast and he had a couple of grapes on his plate and ... Phoebe: (to Joey) You wouldn’t let her have a grape? Rachel: Oh no! Not me! Emma! (Phoebe looks horrified and she turns to watch Joey) Joey: (mad and pointing a finger to himself) JOEY DOESN’T SHARE FOOD! Phoebe: Well, I still think that it’s a stupid reason not to call someone again. You are calling her! And if you need to, just get an extra plate of fries for the table! Joey: (he thinks a little, considering the option and seems to be quite satisfied) I like that! A sharing buffer! Yeah! I’ll order some extra fries! Maybe a plate of onion rings. Yeah. And a shrimp cocktail. And some buffalo wings. Maybe an individual pizza, uh? And some mozzarella sticks. (he looks absorbed in his food thoughts) What were we talking about? [Scene: A clothes store. Ross and Phoebe are shopping]  Phoebe: (to Ross) This place is awesome! Ross: You know, we should just go, I’m not gonna find anything here! This stuff is ridiculous!  (Rachel arrives with a lot of clothes) Rachel: Ah, this place is great! Phoebe: Wow! Ross: Rach, come on, I’m not gonna wear any of this! (he picks up a shirt) Nothing silver. (Rachel sighs). Ok? Nothing with hair! (Rachel sighs again) And nothing with padlocks on it! (Rachel heaves a long disappointing sigh). Rachel: Ross, look, I know that some of this stuff is out there, but I mean, come on, look at this, look at this sweater! (she picks up a blue sweater). I mean, this is just beautiful! Ross: (feeling the fabric) Wow, this is really soft (he looks the price). Three hundred and fifty dollars? Rachel: Yeah, down from seven hundred, you are saving like two hundred bucks! Ross: Both logic and math are taking a serious hit today. Phoebe (walking to Ross carrying a black leather jacket): Hey, check this out! It’s totally you! Ross: Wow! Phoebe: Yeah! (Ross wears the jackets and look at himself in the mirror) Ross: Actually this looks like pretty good! Yeah!(he turns and watches his back and there’s a sign on the back of the jacket, “boys will be boys”) Boys will be boys? Phoebe: What? They will be! Ross: All right, that’s it, I’m getting out of here. Rachel: No, no, no, no! Ross, wait! Come on! You know, there’s other stuff. Here’s a nice shirt, look at these nice pants... Ross: Uh, actually these might look pretty good on me. Rachel: Yes, they will! You know what you should do? Just go take a walk, all right? I know your size and I’m... I’m gonna pick up some really good stuff for you. Ross: Really? Rachel: Yes! And I know what looks sexy on guys. Please, just wear what I suggest, and she’s gonna go nuts for you. Ross: So, you’re saying, uh, if I wear these pants I might be getting into hers? Rachel: (to Phoebe) Why do men keep talking to me like this?   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are still talking with Erica.] Chandler: So, the fact that I am a doctor, and my wife’s a reverend, that’s important to you? Erica: Yeah, I read some great applications, but then I thought “who better then a minister to raise a child!” Monica: Amen. Chandler: Plus I thought the baby would be in good hands with a doctor! Monica: Uh, good hands. (she holds Chandler hands) Healing hands. Erica: Reverend, can I ask? Does the bible say anything about adoption? Monica: It says “Do it!”. And behold she did adopt onto them a baby. And it was good. Erica: Wow. Chandler: Yeah, wow. Erica: I was wondering you both have such serious jobs. (to Monica) Would you have time to take care of a baby and your flock? Monica: Oh, you know, my flock is good, I mean, yeah, my flock pretty much takes care of themselves at this point. Good flock. Flock, flock, flock. Erica: (to Chandler) Being a doctor must take up a lot of time. Chandler: No-ot for me it doesn’t. (The agency guy enters the room) Agency guy: So, how’s everything going in here? Erica: We’re great, I think I may have asked all my questions. Agency guy: Do you have any question for Erica? Chandler: Yeah, actually. So, you read a file that you liked and you gave the agency the serial number and they contacted us? Agency guy: Yes, our system assures total anonimity. We’re very proud of it. Chandler: You should be. You’re really on top of stuff.. Agency guy: (to Erica) Well, then if there’s nothing else, then the two of us should talk. Erica: Actually, I don’t think we have to. Monica: We don’t? Erica: Yeah, when I read about you two, I was pretty sure I wanted you, but I just thought we should meet face to face. (to the agency guy). I've made my decision. I choose them. Monica: Oh my God, this is great! This is so great! (to Chandler, who looks bewildered). Did you hear that? Chandler: Yeah, I did. Monica: (to Erica) Hey, thank you. Thank you so much. (they hugs). You are SO going to Heaven!  [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel and Phoebe walk in, loaded with bags.]  Rachel: We got some really great stuff! Phoebe: Yeah, yeah but I am not sure about some of the bra's I got. Rachel: Oh! Really? Do you wanna try some of them on for me?  Phoebe: Oh! okay. Wait, are we in Joey's imagination? Rachel: (looking into one of her shopping bags) Oh no! I took one of Ross' bags by     mistake, and one of mine is missing. Phoebe: oh, well, Ross probably has it, you can get it from him later.    [Scene: Ross walks into Central Perk, wearing a pink and white ladies shirt. Joey is on the couch]   Ross: (to Joey) So? What do you think? (Shows himself - Joey observes him with a strange look on his face.) Joey: I think were not wearing the same shirt anymore!! Ross: (not getting it) Yeah! Yeah! Rachel picked it out for me. She told me to trust her and you know what? I'm glad I did! I turned quite a few heads on my way over here. Joey: (now laughing a little) Dude, I really don't think you should be wearing that. Ross: Oh, I see, somebody is afraid of a little competition with the ladies? Joey: (looking a little agitated now) Looks like someone IS the ladies!! Ross: You're just jealous because you couldn't pull this off. Yeah, now if you'll excuse me (getting up and taking his coat) I have a date. (As he is walking out, everyone turns and stares at him) See? (To Joey) ALL eyes on ME!    [Scene: Monica and Chandler's hotel room. They enter.] Chandler: We are NOT signing those papers. Monica: Why not? Chandler: It's wrong. They made a mistake. They think we're somebody else. Monica: God works in mysterious ways. Chandler: You have gotta stop! Monica: But she liked us. Chandler: She likes Doctor Chandler and Reverend Monica. Monica: Well, if you think about it, I am kind of like a Reverend. I mean, as a chef, I serve God, by feeing the hungry and poor. (looks very convinced about what she just said) Chandler: Your Veal Chop is $34,95! Monica: C'mon Chandler, I think we have been given an opportunity. I mean, the mistake has already been made. They are writing up the paper right now. Chandler: But we are not the one she chose! How can you feel okay about this? Monica: (very emotional) Because... We may not be who she thinks we are but no-one will ever love that baby more than us. Chandler: I know.. Monica: I mean, who knows how long it's gonna take for someone else to give us a baby? What if, what if no one ever picks us? Chandler: oh, honey.. Monica: (Almost crying) Please.. please, we are so close. Chandler: Monica, I want a baby too, but this woman is giving away her child. She deserves to know who it's going to.   Monica: (realizes Chandler is right. She's almost crying) okay, right. (They hug) Chandler: So, we'll tell the truth and who knows, maybe she'll like us for us. Monica: (sniffing) Maybe she will. Uh! Why couldn't I have been a Reverend? Chandler: You're Jewish. Monica: Technicality!   [Scene: A restaurant. Joey is on his date with Phoebe’s friend, Sarah. They are sitting opposite each other on a table for two. Their waiter approaches with two plates.] Waiter: A garden salad for the lady (sets the plate down) Joey: Oh, that looks great! Good ordering! Waiter: Seafood platter for the gentleman and extra fries. Enjoy! Sarah: Mmmh, those fries look delicious. Joey: oh, I didn't know you liked French fries. Help yourself! What's mine is yours. (Sarah reaches over and takes a few fries) Sarah: (looks over at Joey's platter) Oh wow, are those stuffed clams? Joey: Uuuh.. yes, they are my stuffed clams. (Sarah, is grinning and starts to reach over to Joey's plate to take a few clams) Joey: How about those fries though, huh? (Holds the plate between Sarah’s fingers and his plate, thus blocking her from reaching his) Sarah: They are delicious (takes a few from the plate, puts one in her mouth and places the rest on her plate, then starts to reach over to Joey's platter again) Joey: (Spotting her movements takes her hand into his own) You are beautiful, you know that? Sarah: Oh, that is so sweet.. Joey: Oh (grinning, trying to hold in his impatience with her) okay.. (she takes her hand back) (Then she reaches over again and Joey moves his plate a little to the left, and she misses, then she reaches out again, and he moves his plate to the right , so she misses again. She tries a third time and this time, Joey pushes his plate so far to the left, it drops off the edge of the table) Joey: (Visibly annoyed) NOW look what you did!! Sarah: What? what is the matter with you? Joey: I don't like it when people take food off of my plate, okay? Sarah: But you just said "What's mine is yours"? Joey: WELL, I DIDN'T MEAN IT! Sarah: Fine, I'm sorry, I didn't think it was that big a deal. Joey: I'm sorry, I'm overreacting. Okay, It's just when it comes to food, I have certain rules, okay, I mean (bends down and with his plate and his hands, scrapes the dropped dinner back onto the plate and puts it back on the table) There are things you do..and you now, things.. (takes something from the plate and blows it a little) that you don't do (He takes a bite from it).  (Sarah looks a little disgusted)   [Scene: Ross and his date walk into a lobby. They are both wearing their jackets]   Girl: Wow, this place looks great. Ross: Oh! You are gonna love it! (The girl is looking in the other direction as Ross is taking off his own coat, revealing the pink and white ladies shirt) and I'm so glad, we're finally doing this. Girl: Me too! (starts to take her coat off) Ross: Here (gets behind her to help. When the coat comes off we see she is wearing the exact same shirt Ross is wearing. They look at each other, shocked. They abruptly put their coat back on) So this was fun! (They leave the room and head into opposite directions)   [Scene: Back at the restaurant with Joey and Sarah. Joey is holding Sarah's hands] Joey: I really am sorry about, you know..before. I just want to make sure you know that I really do like you. Sarah: Sure (smiling) Just not as much as clams. Joey: (Jokingly) Well, stuffed clams. (The waiter arrives with their deserts) Waiter: Chocolate Torte for the lady, cheesecake for the gentleman. Joey: Uh, excuse me sir, there seems to be some sort of red crap on my cheesecake. Waiter: Yes, that's Raspberry coule. Joey: (More to himself than anyone else) So stupid, ordering cheesecake, trying to     be healthy. (pushes it aside) Sarah: (tasting hers) Oh my God! (Looks at the waiter and then to Joey) Joey: Oh, all right, I'll just have what she's having instead. Waiter: Oh, I'm sorry sir, that was our last piece. Sarah: Mmmm! Mmm! (Sarah's beeper starts bleeping) Sarah: Oh, no! This is work. I should call in. Can you excuse me? Joey: Oh yeah, sure. No problem. (Joey's looking at Sarah's dessert, and takes her plate.) Sarah: What are you doing? I thought you don't share food. Joey: Sure I do. (holding up his own dessert) Coule? Sarah: (laughing) No. If I can't have your clams, you can't have my dessert. This is a two way street. Joey: (laughing) Really? Sarah: Really! Now this all better be here when I come back. (puts her plate back at her side of the table) Joey: Yeah, of course. I can control myself. (laughs uneasily and Sarah leaves the room) (Joey sits sideways on his chair, looking at Sarah's chocolate torte, and then looking away from it, nervously playing with his fork, drumming with it on the table every now and then.) Joey: (to the torte) Stop staring at me! (He then straightens himself, and looks at the torte) Joey: Why, just a tiny little... (He takes a little piece of Sarah's dessert. At first he doesn't think it's that special, but then...) Joey: Oh-oh! TIME LAPSE (Sarah enters the room again, and stops when she sees her dessert is missing. Joey has emptied her plate, and has a chocolate covered mouth, just like a kid.) Joey: I'm not even sorry.   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are entering.] Erica: Hi! Adoption Agency guy: Hey. Chandler: Hey. Agency guy: So, these are the preliminary forms for an open adoption. There's a lot to go over, but I'll explain everything as we go through it. Monica: (pointing to a picture on the table) I-Is... Is that a picture? Erica: Yeah. It's a sonogram they took of the baby last week. I thought you might want to see it. (gives it to Monica, who looks at it for a long time, and then shows it to Chandler) Monica: Look, doctor! (Chandler takes Monica's hand, and gets serious) Look, before we sign anything we really have to talk...(pause) We're not who you think we are. Agency guy: I don't understand. Chandler: The agency must have made some mistake. My wife is not a reverend and I'm not a doctor. Erica: What? Agency guy: That's impossible. Chandler: I could perform an operation on you and prove it if you'd like. Agency guy: I'll go check your file. Excuse me. Erica: So who are you? Chandler: Well, our names really are Monica and Chandler. We're from New York. Monica: Yeah, but the important thing to know about us, is how much we would care for this little baby. (holds up the sonogram) Erica: So you lied to me before? Monica: Well, we... (makes quotation signs in the air) "bore false witness"... See I could be a reverend. Erica: I can't believe this.  Monica: But we were hoping that since we told you the truth that you still might consider... Erica: Giving you my baby? You think I'd give you my child after this? Monica: Well, you don't have to decide right now, but if you could just look at our file... Erica: I don't want to look at your file! This is over. (She leaves the room, but Chandler runs after her. They meet in the hallway.) Chandler: Erica wait! Erica: I've nothing to say to you. (walks a few paces) Chandler: You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again. Erica: Why don't you ask the reverend to pray on it? Chandler: Erica, please. Just consider us. Ask them to see our file. Our last name's Bing. My wife's a chef and I'm in advertising. Erica: Oh yeah. I actually liked you guys. But it doesn't matter, because what you did was wrong. (walks away again, but Chandler catches up with her again) Chandler: But you did like us. And you should. My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this but the woman's always right... I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I... It kills me that I can't give her a baby... I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife... she's already there. She's a mother... without a baby... Please? (They look at each other. We switch back to Monica. Chandler opens the door and she turns to look at him.) Chandler: You still want that baby? (Monica plays those words back in her mind and then smiles and runs to Chandler, who is twisting with joy. They hug.) Monica: God bless you Chandler Bing! COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene: Central Perk. Joey's on the couch when Ross walks to him, with his jacket closed.] Ross: Turns out this sweater is made for a woman. Joey: (nods) So, why are you still wearing it? Ross: Because it's soft... Hey, so how was your date? Joey: Ooh... Not so good. Ross: Well, looks like it's just the two of us tonight, huh old buddy? Joey: Yeah, and you know what? We could do a lot worse. (they shake hands the way friends would. There's a muffin on the table, and Ross breaks off a piece and wants to put it in his mouth.) Joey: (shouting to Ross) JOEY DOESN'T SHARE FOOD! (Ross puts the piece back on the plate) end     
Phoebe: Oh, right! Your adoption interview!
Phoebe: What are you gonna name the baby?
Phoebe: Hey!
Phoebe: Oh, that's Sarah. No, no. Don't you get any ideas, ok? No, I'm not setting you up with any more of my friends!
Phoebe: Because you'll date her once, sleep with her and then forget she exists!
Phoebe: Mandy.
Phoebe: No.
Phoebe: Fine, I'll give you her number.
Phoebe: SARAH!
Phoebe: Well, you know, if you want fashion help, Rachel and I are going shopping tomorrow. You're more than welcome to come with us, right?
 Phoebe: Hey! Joey: Hey. Phoebe: Oh, my friend Sarah had a great time last night. Joey: Well... Phoebe: Yeah! So you're gonna call this one back? Joey: Nope. Phoebe: What are you talking about? Sarah's great! Joey: Oh, really? You know what your great friend did? We're out to dinner, ok? (he starts talking about the date and we can see what happened through a flashback video) We're getting along, having a really nice time. I was thinking she was really cool. And then, out of nowhere...  (Sarah picks up some fries from Joey’s plate and Joey looks very angry. Then we’re back to Central Perk and Joey does a you-see-what-I-mean look to Phoebe) Phoebe: That’s it? That’s why you won’t go out with her again? So, she took some fries, big deal! Joey: Hey, hey, look! It’s not about a few fries... it’s about what the fries represent. Phoebe: What? Joey: ALL FOOD! Phoebe: I’m sorry, I can’t believe I set you up with such a MONSTER! Joey: Hey, hey, hey, hey. Look. I take a girl out, she can order whatever she wants! The more, the better! All right? Just don’t order a Garden salad and then eat my food! That’s a good way to lose some fingers! (Rachel enters from the main door) Phoebe: (to Rachel) Oh Rachel: Hi Phoebe: Thank God you’re here. Listen to this! Rachel: what? Phoebe: Joey and my friend were out last night and having dinner and she reaches over and takes a few of his fries... Rachel: Oh! Oh, no! (Joey looks satisfied) Phoebe: What? You know about the plate thing? Rachel: Oh, yeah. Joey doesn’t share food. I mean, just last week we were having breakfast and he had a couple of grapes on his plate and ... Phoebe: (to Joey) You wouldn’t let her have a grape? Rachel: Oh no! Not me! Emma! (Phoebe looks horrified and she turns to watch Joey) Joey: (mad and pointing a finger to himself) JOEY DOESN’T SHARE FOOD! Phoebe: Well, I still think that it’s a stupid reason not to call someone again. You are calling her! And if you need to, just get an extra plate of fries for the table! Joey: (he thinks a little, considering the option and seems to be quite satisfied) I like that! A sharing buffer! Yeah! I’ll order some extra fries! Maybe a plate of onion rings. Yeah. And a shrimp cocktail. And some buffalo wings. Maybe an individual pizza, uh? And some mozzarella sticks. (he looks absorbed in his food thoughts) What were we talking about? [Scene: A clothes store. Ross and Phoebe are shopping]  Phoebe: (to Ross) This place is awesome! Ross: You know, we should just go, I’m not gonna find anything here! This stuff is ridiculous!  (Rachel arrives with a lot of clothes) Rachel: Ah, this place is great! Phoebe: Wow! Ross: Rach, come on, I’m not gonna wear any of this! (he picks up a shirt) Nothing silver. (Rachel sighs). Ok? Nothing with hair! (Rachel sighs again) And nothing with padlocks on it! (Rachel heaves a long disappointing sigh). Rachel: Ross, look, I know that some of this stuff is out there, but I mean, come on, look at this, look at this sweater! (she picks up a blue sweater). I mean, this is just beautiful! Ross: (feeling the fabric) Wow, this is really soft (he looks the price). Three hundred and fifty dollars? Rachel: Yeah, down from seven hundred, you are saving like two hundred bucks! Ross: Both logic and math are taking a serious hit today. Phoebe (walking to Ross carrying a black leather jacket): Hey, check this out! It’s totally you! Ross: Wow! Phoebe: Yeah! (Ross wears the jackets and look at himself in the mirror) Ross: Actually this looks like pretty good! Yeah!(he turns and watches his back and there’s a sign on the back of the jacket, “boys will be boys”) Boys will be boys? Phoebe: What? They will be! Ross: All right, that’s it, I’m getting out of here. Rachel: No, no, no, no! Ross, wait! Come on! You know, there’s other stuff. Here’s a nice shirt, look at these nice pants... Ross: Uh, actually these might look pretty good on me. Rachel: Yes, they will! You know what you should do? Just go take a walk, all right? I know your size and I’m... I’m gonna pick up some really good stuff for you. Ross: Really? Rachel: Yes! And I know what looks sexy on guys. Please, just wear what I suggest, and she’s gonna go nuts for you. Ross: So, you’re saying, uh, if I wear these pants I might be getting into hers? Rachel: (to Phoebe) Why do men keep talking to me like this?   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are still talking with Erica.] Chandler: So, the fact that I am a doctor, and my wife’s a reverend, that’s important to you? Erica: Yeah, I read some great applications, but then I thought “who better then a minister to raise a child!” Monica: Amen. Chandler: Plus I thought the baby would be in good hands with a doctor! Monica: Uh, good hands. (she holds Chandler hands) Healing hands. Erica: Reverend, can I ask? Does the bible say anything about adoption? Monica: It says “Do it!”. And behold she did adopt onto them a baby. And it was good. Erica: Wow. Chandler: Yeah, wow. Erica: I was wondering you both have such serious jobs. (to Monica) Would you have time to take care of a baby and your flock? Monica: Oh, you know, my flock is good, I mean, yeah, my flock pretty much takes care of themselves at this point. Good flock. Flock, flock, flock. Erica: (to Chandler) Being a doctor must take up a lot of time. Chandler: No-ot for me it doesn’t. (The agency guy enters the room) Agency guy: So, how’s everything going in here? Erica: We’re great, I think I may have asked all my questions. Agency guy: Do you have any question for Erica? Chandler: Yeah, actually. So, you read a file that you liked and you gave the agency the serial number and they contacted us? Agency guy: Yes, our system assures total anonimity. We’re very proud of it. Chandler: You should be. You’re really on top of stuff.. Agency guy: (to Erica) Well, then if there’s nothing else, then the two of us should talk. Erica: Actually, I don’t think we have to. Monica: We don’t? Erica: Yeah, when I read about you two, I was pretty sure I wanted you, but I just thought we should meet face to face. (to the agency guy). I've made my decision. I choose them. Monica: Oh my God, this is great! This is so great! (to Chandler, who looks bewildered). Did you hear that? Chandler: Yeah, I did. Monica: (to Erica) Hey, thank you. Thank you so much. (they hugs). You are SO going to Heaven!  [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel and Phoebe walk in, loaded with bags.]  Rachel: We got some really great stuff! Phoebe: Yeah, yeah but I am not sure about some of the bra's I got. Rachel: Oh! Really? Do you wanna try some of them on for me?  Phoebe: Oh! okay. Wait, are we in Joey's imagination? Rachel: (looking into one of her shopping bags) Oh no! I took one of Ross' bags by     mistake, and one of mine is missing. Phoebe: oh, well, Ross probably has it, you can get it from him later.    [Scene: Ross walks into Central Perk, wearing a pink and white ladies shirt. Joey is on the couch]   Ross: (to Joey) So? What do you think? (Shows himself - Joey observes him with a strange look on his face.) Joey: I think were not wearing the same shirt anymore!! Ross: (not getting it) Yeah! Yeah! Rachel picked it out for me. She told me to trust her and you know what? I'm glad I did! I turned quite a few heads on my way over here. Joey: (now laughing a little) Dude, I really don't think you should be wearing that. Ross: Oh, I see, somebody is afraid of a little competition with the ladies? Joey: (looking a little agitated now) Looks like someone IS the ladies!! Ross: You're just jealous because you couldn't pull this off. Yeah, now if you'll excuse me (getting up and taking his coat) I have a date. (As he is walking out, everyone turns and stares at him) See? (To Joey) ALL eyes on ME!    [Scene: Monica and Chandler's hotel room. They enter.] Chandler: We are NOT signing those papers. Monica: Why not? Chandler: It's wrong. They made a mistake. They think we're somebody else. Monica: God works in mysterious ways. Chandler: You have gotta stop! Monica: But she liked us. Chandler: She likes Doctor Chandler and Reverend Monica. Monica: Well, if you think about it, I am kind of like a Reverend. I mean, as a chef, I serve God, by feeing the hungry and poor. (looks very convinced about what she just said) Chandler: Your Veal Chop is $34,95! Monica: C'mon Chandler, I think we have been given an opportunity. I mean, the mistake has already been made. They are writing up the paper right now. Chandler: But we are not the one she chose! How can you feel okay about this? Monica: (very emotional) Because... We may not be who she thinks we are but no-one will ever love that baby more than us. Chandler: I know.. Monica: I mean, who knows how long it's gonna take for someone else to give us a baby? What if, what if no one ever picks us? Chandler: oh, honey.. Monica: (Almost crying) Please.. please, we are so close. Chandler: Monica, I want a baby too, but this woman is giving away her child. She deserves to know who it's going to.   Monica: (realizes Chandler is right. She's almost crying) okay, right. (They hug) Chandler: So, we'll tell the truth and who knows, maybe she'll like us for us. Monica: (sniffing) Maybe she will. Uh! Why couldn't I have been a Reverend? Chandler: You're Jewish. Monica: Technicality!   [Scene: A restaurant. Joey is on his date with Phoebe’s friend, Sarah. They are sitting opposite each other on a table for two. Their waiter approaches with two plates.] Waiter: A garden salad for the lady (sets the plate down) Joey: Oh, that looks great! Good ordering! Waiter: Seafood platter for the gentleman and extra fries. Enjoy! Sarah: Mmmh, those fries look delicious. Joey: oh, I didn't know you liked French fries. Help yourself! What's mine is yours. (Sarah reaches over and takes a few fries) Sarah: (looks over at Joey's platter) Oh wow, are those stuffed clams? Joey: Uuuh.. yes, they are my stuffed clams. (Sarah, is grinning and starts to reach over to Joey's plate to take a few clams) Joey: How about those fries though, huh? (Holds the plate between Sarah’s fingers and his plate, thus blocking her from reaching his) Sarah: They are delicious (takes a few from the plate, puts one in her mouth and places the rest on her plate, then starts to reach over to Joey's platter again) Joey: (Spotting her movements takes her hand into his own) You are beautiful, you know that? Sarah: Oh, that is so sweet.. Joey: Oh (grinning, trying to hold in his impatience with her) okay.. (she takes her hand back) (Then she reaches over again and Joey moves his plate a little to the left, and she misses, then she reaches out again, and he moves his plate to the right , so she misses again. She tries a third time and this time, Joey pushes his plate so far to the left, it drops off the edge of the table) Joey: (Visibly annoyed) NOW look what you did!! Sarah: What? what is the matter with you? Joey: I don't like it when people take food off of my plate, okay? Sarah: But you just said "What's mine is yours"? Joey: WELL, I DIDN'T MEAN IT! Sarah: Fine, I'm sorry, I didn't think it was that big a deal. Joey: I'm sorry, I'm overreacting. Okay, It's just when it comes to food, I have certain rules, okay, I mean (bends down and with his plate and his hands, scrapes the dropped dinner back onto the plate and puts it back on the table) There are things you do..and you now, things.. (takes something from the plate and blows it a little) that you don't do (He takes a bite from it).  (Sarah looks a little disgusted)   [Scene: Ross and his date walk into a lobby. They are both wearing their jackets]   Girl: Wow, this place looks great. Ross: Oh! You are gonna love it! (The girl is looking in the other direction as Ross is taking off his own coat, revealing the pink and white ladies shirt) and I'm so glad, we're finally doing this. Girl: Me too! (starts to take her coat off) Ross: Here (gets behind her to help. When the coat comes off we see she is wearing the exact same shirt Ross is wearing. They look at each other, shocked. They abruptly put their coat back on) So this was fun! (They leave the room and head into opposite directions)   [Scene: Back at the restaurant with Joey and Sarah. Joey is holding Sarah's hands] Joey: I really am sorry about, you know..before. I just want to make sure you know that I really do like you. Sarah: Sure (smiling) Just not as much as clams. Joey: (Jokingly) Well, stuffed clams. (The waiter arrives with their deserts) Waiter: Chocolate Torte for the lady, cheesecake for the gentleman. Joey: Uh, excuse me sir, there seems to be some sort of red crap on my cheesecake. Waiter: Yes, that's Raspberry coule. Joey: (More to himself than anyone else) So stupid, ordering cheesecake, trying to     be healthy. (pushes it aside) Sarah: (tasting hers) Oh my God! (Looks at the waiter and then to Joey) Joey: Oh, all right, I'll just have what she's having instead. Waiter: Oh, I'm sorry sir, that was our last piece. Sarah: Mmmm! Mmm! (Sarah's beeper starts bleeping) Sarah: Oh, no! This is work. I should call in. Can you excuse me? Joey: Oh yeah, sure. No problem. (Joey's looking at Sarah's dessert, and takes her plate.) Sarah: What are you doing? I thought you don't share food. Joey: Sure I do. (holding up his own dessert) Coule? Sarah: (laughing) No. If I can't have your clams, you can't have my dessert. This is a two way street. Joey: (laughing) Really? Sarah: Really! Now this all better be here when I come back. (puts her plate back at her side of the table) Joey: Yeah, of course. I can control myself. (laughs uneasily and Sarah leaves the room) (Joey sits sideways on his chair, looking at Sarah's chocolate torte, and then looking away from it, nervously playing with his fork, drumming with it on the table every now and then.) Joey: (to the torte) Stop staring at me! (He then straightens himself, and looks at the torte) Joey: Why, just a tiny little... (He takes a little piece of Sarah's dessert. At first he doesn't think it's that special, but then...) Joey: Oh-oh! TIME LAPSE (Sarah enters the room again, and stops when she sees her dessert is missing. Joey has emptied her plate, and has a chocolate covered mouth, just like a kid.) Joey: I'm not even sorry.   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are entering.] Erica: Hi! Adoption Agency guy: Hey. Chandler: Hey. Agency guy: So, these are the preliminary forms for an open adoption. There's a lot to go over, but I'll explain everything as we go through it. Monica: (pointing to a picture on the table) I-Is... Is that a picture? Erica: Yeah. It's a sonogram they took of the baby last week. I thought you might want to see it. (gives it to Monica, who looks at it for a long time, and then shows it to Chandler) Monica: Look, doctor! (Chandler takes Monica's hand, and gets serious) Look, before we sign anything we really have to talk...(pause) We're not who you think we are. Agency guy: I don't understand. Chandler: The agency must have made some mistake. My wife is not a reverend and I'm not a doctor. Erica: What? Agency guy: That's impossible. Chandler: I could perform an operation on you and prove it if you'd like. Agency guy: I'll go check your file. Excuse me. Erica: So who are you? Chandler: Well, our names really are Monica and Chandler. We're from New York. Monica: Yeah, but the important thing to know about us, is how much we would care for this little baby. (holds up the sonogram) Erica: So you lied to me before? Monica: Well, we... (makes quotation signs in the air) "bore false witness"... See I could be a reverend. Erica: I can't believe this.  Monica: But we were hoping that since we told you the truth that you still might consider... Erica: Giving you my baby? You think I'd give you my child after this? Monica: Well, you don't have to decide right now, but if you could just look at our file... Erica: I don't want to look at your file! This is over. (She leaves the room, but Chandler runs after her. They meet in the hallway.) Chandler: Erica wait! Erica: I've nothing to say to you. (walks a few paces) Chandler: You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again. Erica: Why don't you ask the reverend to pray on it? Chandler: Erica, please. Just consider us. Ask them to see our file. Our last name's Bing. My wife's a chef and I'm in advertising. Erica: Oh yeah. I actually liked you guys. But it doesn't matter, because what you did was wrong. (walks away again, but Chandler catches up with her again) Chandler: But you did like us. And you should. My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this but the woman's always right... I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I... It kills me that I can't give her a baby... I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife... she's already there. She's a mother... without a baby... Please? (They look at each other. We switch back to Monica. Chandler opens the door and she turns to look at him.) Chandler: You still want that baby? (Monica plays those words back in her mind and then smiles and runs to Chandler, who is twisting with joy. They hug.) Monica: God bless you Chandler Bing! COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene: Central Perk. Joey's on the couch when Ross walks to him, with his jacket closed.] Ross: Turns out this sweater is made for a woman. Joey: (nods) So, why are you still wearing it? Ross: Because it's soft... Hey, so how was your date? Joey: Ooh... Not so good. Ross: Well, looks like it's just the two of us tonight, huh old buddy? Joey: Yeah, and you know what? We could do a lot worse. (they shake hands the way friends would. There's a muffin on the table, and Ross breaks off a piece and wants to put it in his mouth.) Joey: (shouting to Ross) JOEY DOESN'T SHARE FOOD! (Ross puts the piece back on the plate) end     
Phoebe: Oh, my friend Sarah had a great time last night.
Phoebe: Yeah! So you're gonna call this one back?
Phoebe: What are you talking about? Sarah's great!
Phoebe: That’s it? That’s why you won’t go out with her again? So, she took some fries, big deal!
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: I’m sorry, I can’t believe I set you up with such a MONSTER!
Phoebe: (to Rachel) Oh
Phoebe: Thank God you’re here. Listen to this!
Phoebe: Joey and my friend were out last night and having dinner and she reaches over and takes a few of his fries...
Phoebe: What? You know about the plate thing?
Phoebe: (to Joey) You wouldn’t let her have a grape?
Phoebe: Well, I still think that it’s a stupid reason not to call someone again. You are calling her! And if you need to, just get an extra plate of fries for the table!
 Phoebe: (to Ross) This place is awesome! Ross: You know, we should just go, I’m not gonna find anything here! This stuff is ridiculous!  (Rachel arrives with a lot of clothes) Rachel: Ah, this place is great! Phoebe: Wow! Ross: Rach, come on, I’m not gonna wear any of this! (he picks up a shirt) Nothing silver. (Rachel sighs). Ok? Nothing with hair! (Rachel sighs again) And nothing with padlocks on it! (Rachel heaves a long disappointing sigh). Rachel: Ross, look, I know that some of this stuff is out there, but I mean, come on, look at this, look at this sweater! (she picks up a blue sweater). I mean, this is just beautiful! Ross: (feeling the fabric) Wow, this is really soft (he looks the price). Three hundred and fifty dollars? Rachel: Yeah, down from seven hundred, you are saving like two hundred bucks! Ross: Both logic and math are taking a serious hit today. Phoebe (walking to Ross carrying a black leather jacket): Hey, check this out! It’s totally you! Ross: Wow! Phoebe: Yeah! (Ross wears the jackets and look at himself in the mirror) Ross: Actually this looks like pretty good! Yeah!(he turns and watches his back and there’s a sign on the back of the jacket, “boys will be boys”) Boys will be boys? Phoebe: What? They will be! Ross: All right, that’s it, I’m getting out of here. Rachel: No, no, no, no! Ross, wait! Come on! You know, there’s other stuff. Here’s a nice shirt, look at these nice pants... Ross: Uh, actually these might look pretty good on me. Rachel: Yes, they will! You know what you should do? Just go take a walk, all right? I know your size and I’m... I’m gonna pick up some really good stuff for you. Ross: Really? Rachel: Yes! And I know what looks sexy on guys. Please, just wear what I suggest, and she’s gonna go nuts for you. Ross: So, you’re saying, uh, if I wear these pants I might be getting into hers? Rachel: (to Phoebe) Why do men keep talking to me like this?   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are still talking with Erica.] Chandler: So, the fact that I am a doctor, and my wife’s a reverend, that’s important to you? Erica: Yeah, I read some great applications, but then I thought “who better then a minister to raise a child!” Monica: Amen. Chandler: Plus I thought the baby would be in good hands with a doctor! Monica: Uh, good hands. (she holds Chandler hands) Healing hands. Erica: Reverend, can I ask? Does the bible say anything about adoption? Monica: It says “Do it!”. And behold she did adopt onto them a baby. And it was good. Erica: Wow. Chandler: Yeah, wow. Erica: I was wondering you both have such serious jobs. (to Monica) Would you have time to take care of a baby and your flock? Monica: Oh, you know, my flock is good, I mean, yeah, my flock pretty much takes care of themselves at this point. Good flock. Flock, flock, flock. Erica: (to Chandler) Being a doctor must take up a lot of time. Chandler: No-ot for me it doesn’t. (The agency guy enters the room) Agency guy: So, how’s everything going in here? Erica: We’re great, I think I may have asked all my questions. Agency guy: Do you have any question for Erica? Chandler: Yeah, actually. So, you read a file that you liked and you gave the agency the serial number and they contacted us? Agency guy: Yes, our system assures total anonimity. We’re very proud of it. Chandler: You should be. You’re really on top of stuff.. Agency guy: (to Erica) Well, then if there’s nothing else, then the two of us should talk. Erica: Actually, I don’t think we have to. Monica: We don’t? Erica: Yeah, when I read about you two, I was pretty sure I wanted you, but I just thought we should meet face to face. (to the agency guy). I've made my decision. I choose them. Monica: Oh my God, this is great! This is so great! (to Chandler, who looks bewildered). Did you hear that? Chandler: Yeah, I did. Monica: (to Erica) Hey, thank you. Thank you so much. (they hugs). You are SO going to Heaven!  [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel and Phoebe walk in, loaded with bags.]  Rachel: We got some really great stuff! Phoebe: Yeah, yeah but I am not sure about some of the bra's I got. Rachel: Oh! Really? Do you wanna try some of them on for me?  Phoebe: Oh! okay. Wait, are we in Joey's imagination? Rachel: (looking into one of her shopping bags) Oh no! I took one of Ross' bags by     mistake, and one of mine is missing. Phoebe: oh, well, Ross probably has it, you can get it from him later.    [Scene: Ross walks into Central Perk, wearing a pink and white ladies shirt. Joey is on the couch]   Ross: (to Joey) So? What do you think? (Shows himself - Joey observes him with a strange look on his face.) Joey: I think were not wearing the same shirt anymore!! Ross: (not getting it) Yeah! Yeah! Rachel picked it out for me. She told me to trust her and you know what? I'm glad I did! I turned quite a few heads on my way over here. Joey: (now laughing a little) Dude, I really don't think you should be wearing that. Ross: Oh, I see, somebody is afraid of a little competition with the ladies? Joey: (looking a little agitated now) Looks like someone IS the ladies!! Ross: You're just jealous because you couldn't pull this off. Yeah, now if you'll excuse me (getting up and taking his coat) I have a date. (As he is walking out, everyone turns and stares at him) See? (To Joey) ALL eyes on ME!    [Scene: Monica and Chandler's hotel room. They enter.] Chandler: We are NOT signing those papers. Monica: Why not? Chandler: It's wrong. They made a mistake. They think we're somebody else. Monica: God works in mysterious ways. Chandler: You have gotta stop! Monica: But she liked us. Chandler: She likes Doctor Chandler and Reverend Monica. Monica: Well, if you think about it, I am kind of like a Reverend. I mean, as a chef, I serve God, by feeing the hungry and poor. (looks very convinced about what she just said) Chandler: Your Veal Chop is $34,95! Monica: C'mon Chandler, I think we have been given an opportunity. I mean, the mistake has already been made. They are writing up the paper right now. Chandler: But we are not the one she chose! How can you feel okay about this? Monica: (very emotional) Because... We may not be who she thinks we are but no-one will ever love that baby more than us. Chandler: I know.. Monica: I mean, who knows how long it's gonna take for someone else to give us a baby? What if, what if no one ever picks us? Chandler: oh, honey.. Monica: (Almost crying) Please.. please, we are so close. Chandler: Monica, I want a baby too, but this woman is giving away her child. She deserves to know who it's going to.   Monica: (realizes Chandler is right. She's almost crying) okay, right. (They hug) Chandler: So, we'll tell the truth and who knows, maybe she'll like us for us. Monica: (sniffing) Maybe she will. Uh! Why couldn't I have been a Reverend? Chandler: You're Jewish. Monica: Technicality!   [Scene: A restaurant. Joey is on his date with Phoebe’s friend, Sarah. They are sitting opposite each other on a table for two. Their waiter approaches with two plates.] Waiter: A garden salad for the lady (sets the plate down) Joey: Oh, that looks great! Good ordering! Waiter: Seafood platter for the gentleman and extra fries. Enjoy! Sarah: Mmmh, those fries look delicious. Joey: oh, I didn't know you liked French fries. Help yourself! What's mine is yours. (Sarah reaches over and takes a few fries) Sarah: (looks over at Joey's platter) Oh wow, are those stuffed clams? Joey: Uuuh.. yes, they are my stuffed clams. (Sarah, is grinning and starts to reach over to Joey's plate to take a few clams) Joey: How about those fries though, huh? (Holds the plate between Sarah’s fingers and his plate, thus blocking her from reaching his) Sarah: They are delicious (takes a few from the plate, puts one in her mouth and places the rest on her plate, then starts to reach over to Joey's platter again) Joey: (Spotting her movements takes her hand into his own) You are beautiful, you know that? Sarah: Oh, that is so sweet.. Joey: Oh (grinning, trying to hold in his impatience with her) okay.. (she takes her hand back) (Then she reaches over again and Joey moves his plate a little to the left, and she misses, then she reaches out again, and he moves his plate to the right , so she misses again. She tries a third time and this time, Joey pushes his plate so far to the left, it drops off the edge of the table) Joey: (Visibly annoyed) NOW look what you did!! Sarah: What? what is the matter with you? Joey: I don't like it when people take food off of my plate, okay? Sarah: But you just said "What's mine is yours"? Joey: WELL, I DIDN'T MEAN IT! Sarah: Fine, I'm sorry, I didn't think it was that big a deal. Joey: I'm sorry, I'm overreacting. Okay, It's just when it comes to food, I have certain rules, okay, I mean (bends down and with his plate and his hands, scrapes the dropped dinner back onto the plate and puts it back on the table) There are things you do..and you now, things.. (takes something from the plate and blows it a little) that you don't do (He takes a bite from it).  (Sarah looks a little disgusted)   [Scene: Ross and his date walk into a lobby. They are both wearing their jackets]   Girl: Wow, this place looks great. Ross: Oh! You are gonna love it! (The girl is looking in the other direction as Ross is taking off his own coat, revealing the pink and white ladies shirt) and I'm so glad, we're finally doing this. Girl: Me too! (starts to take her coat off) Ross: Here (gets behind her to help. When the coat comes off we see she is wearing the exact same shirt Ross is wearing. They look at each other, shocked. They abruptly put their coat back on) So this was fun! (They leave the room and head into opposite directions)   [Scene: Back at the restaurant with Joey and Sarah. Joey is holding Sarah's hands] Joey: I really am sorry about, you know..before. I just want to make sure you know that I really do like you. Sarah: Sure (smiling) Just not as much as clams. Joey: (Jokingly) Well, stuffed clams. (The waiter arrives with their deserts) Waiter: Chocolate Torte for the lady, cheesecake for the gentleman. Joey: Uh, excuse me sir, there seems to be some sort of red crap on my cheesecake. Waiter: Yes, that's Raspberry coule. Joey: (More to himself than anyone else) So stupid, ordering cheesecake, trying to     be healthy. (pushes it aside) Sarah: (tasting hers) Oh my God! (Looks at the waiter and then to Joey) Joey: Oh, all right, I'll just have what she's having instead. Waiter: Oh, I'm sorry sir, that was our last piece. Sarah: Mmmm! Mmm! (Sarah's beeper starts bleeping) Sarah: Oh, no! This is work. I should call in. Can you excuse me? Joey: Oh yeah, sure. No problem. (Joey's looking at Sarah's dessert, and takes her plate.) Sarah: What are you doing? I thought you don't share food. Joey: Sure I do. (holding up his own dessert) Coule? Sarah: (laughing) No. If I can't have your clams, you can't have my dessert. This is a two way street. Joey: (laughing) Really? Sarah: Really! Now this all better be here when I come back. (puts her plate back at her side of the table) Joey: Yeah, of course. I can control myself. (laughs uneasily and Sarah leaves the room) (Joey sits sideways on his chair, looking at Sarah's chocolate torte, and then looking away from it, nervously playing with his fork, drumming with it on the table every now and then.) Joey: (to the torte) Stop staring at me! (He then straightens himself, and looks at the torte) Joey: Why, just a tiny little... (He takes a little piece of Sarah's dessert. At first he doesn't think it's that special, but then...) Joey: Oh-oh! TIME LAPSE (Sarah enters the room again, and stops when she sees her dessert is missing. Joey has emptied her plate, and has a chocolate covered mouth, just like a kid.) Joey: I'm not even sorry.   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are entering.] Erica: Hi! Adoption Agency guy: Hey. Chandler: Hey. Agency guy: So, these are the preliminary forms for an open adoption. There's a lot to go over, but I'll explain everything as we go through it. Monica: (pointing to a picture on the table) I-Is... Is that a picture? Erica: Yeah. It's a sonogram they took of the baby last week. I thought you might want to see it. (gives it to Monica, who looks at it for a long time, and then shows it to Chandler) Monica: Look, doctor! (Chandler takes Monica's hand, and gets serious) Look, before we sign anything we really have to talk...(pause) We're not who you think we are. Agency guy: I don't understand. Chandler: The agency must have made some mistake. My wife is not a reverend and I'm not a doctor. Erica: What? Agency guy: That's impossible. Chandler: I could perform an operation on you and prove it if you'd like. Agency guy: I'll go check your file. Excuse me. Erica: So who are you? Chandler: Well, our names really are Monica and Chandler. We're from New York. Monica: Yeah, but the important thing to know about us, is how much we would care for this little baby. (holds up the sonogram) Erica: So you lied to me before? Monica: Well, we... (makes quotation signs in the air) "bore false witness"... See I could be a reverend. Erica: I can't believe this.  Monica: But we were hoping that since we told you the truth that you still might consider... Erica: Giving you my baby? You think I'd give you my child after this? Monica: Well, you don't have to decide right now, but if you could just look at our file... Erica: I don't want to look at your file! This is over. (She leaves the room, but Chandler runs after her. They meet in the hallway.) Chandler: Erica wait! Erica: I've nothing to say to you. (walks a few paces) Chandler: You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again. Erica: Why don't you ask the reverend to pray on it? Chandler: Erica, please. Just consider us. Ask them to see our file. Our last name's Bing. My wife's a chef and I'm in advertising. Erica: Oh yeah. I actually liked you guys. But it doesn't matter, because what you did was wrong. (walks away again, but Chandler catches up with her again) Chandler: But you did like us. And you should. My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this but the woman's always right... I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I... It kills me that I can't give her a baby... I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife... she's already there. She's a mother... without a baby... Please? (They look at each other. We switch back to Monica. Chandler opens the door and she turns to look at him.) Chandler: You still want that baby? (Monica plays those words back in her mind and then smiles and runs to Chandler, who is twisting with joy. They hug.) Monica: God bless you Chandler Bing! COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene: Central Perk. Joey's on the couch when Ross walks to him, with his jacket closed.] Ross: Turns out this sweater is made for a woman. Joey: (nods) So, why are you still wearing it? Ross: Because it's soft... Hey, so how was your date? Joey: Ooh... Not so good. Ross: Well, looks like it's just the two of us tonight, huh old buddy? Joey: Yeah, and you know what? We could do a lot worse. (they shake hands the way friends would. There's a muffin on the table, and Ross breaks off a piece and wants to put it in his mouth.) Joey: (shouting to Ross) JOEY DOESN'T SHARE FOOD! (Ross puts the piece back on the plate) end     
Phoebe: Wow!
Phoebe: Yeah!
Phoebe: What? They will be!
  [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are still talking with Erica.] Chandler: So, the fact that I am a doctor, and my wife’s a reverend, that’s important to you? Erica: Yeah, I read some great applications, but then I thought “who better then a minister to raise a child!” Monica: Amen. Chandler: Plus I thought the baby would be in good hands with a doctor! Monica: Uh, good hands. (she holds Chandler hands) Healing hands. Erica: Reverend, can I ask? Does the bible say anything about adoption? Monica: It says “Do it!”. And behold she did adopt onto them a baby. And it was good. Erica: Wow. Chandler: Yeah, wow. Erica: I was wondering you both have such serious jobs. (to Monica) Would you have time to take care of a baby and your flock? Monica: Oh, you know, my flock is good, I mean, yeah, my flock pretty much takes care of themselves at this point. Good flock. Flock, flock, flock. Erica: (to Chandler) Being a doctor must take up a lot of time. Chandler: No-ot for me it doesn’t. (The agency guy enters the room) Agency guy: So, how’s everything going in here? Erica: We’re great, I think I may have asked all my questions. Agency guy: Do you have any question for Erica? Chandler: Yeah, actually. So, you read a file that you liked and you gave the agency the serial number and they contacted us? Agency guy: Yes, our system assures total anonimity. We’re very proud of it. Chandler: You should be. You’re really on top of stuff.. Agency guy: (to Erica) Well, then if there’s nothing else, then the two of us should talk. Erica: Actually, I don’t think we have to. Monica: We don’t? Erica: Yeah, when I read about you two, I was pretty sure I wanted you, but I just thought we should meet face to face. (to the agency guy). I've made my decision. I choose them. Monica: Oh my God, this is great! This is so great! (to Chandler, who looks bewildered). Did you hear that? Chandler: Yeah, I did. Monica: (to Erica) Hey, thank you. Thank you so much. (they hugs). You are SO going to Heaven!  [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel and Phoebe walk in, loaded with bags.]  Rachel: We got some really great stuff! Phoebe: Yeah, yeah but I am not sure about some of the bra's I got. Rachel: Oh! Really? Do you wanna try some of them on for me?  Phoebe: Oh! okay. Wait, are we in Joey's imagination? Rachel: (looking into one of her shopping bags) Oh no! I took one of Ross' bags by     mistake, and one of mine is missing. Phoebe: oh, well, Ross probably has it, you can get it from him later.    [Scene: Ross walks into Central Perk, wearing a pink and white ladies shirt. Joey is on the couch]   Ross: (to Joey) So? What do you think? (Shows himself - Joey observes him with a strange look on his face.) Joey: I think were not wearing the same shirt anymore!! Ross: (not getting it) Yeah! Yeah! Rachel picked it out for me. She told me to trust her and you know what? I'm glad I did! I turned quite a few heads on my way over here. Joey: (now laughing a little) Dude, I really don't think you should be wearing that. Ross: Oh, I see, somebody is afraid of a little competition with the ladies? Joey: (looking a little agitated now) Looks like someone IS the ladies!! Ross: You're just jealous because you couldn't pull this off. Yeah, now if you'll excuse me (getting up and taking his coat) I have a date. (As he is walking out, everyone turns and stares at him) See? (To Joey) ALL eyes on ME!    [Scene: Monica and Chandler's hotel room. They enter.] Chandler: We are NOT signing those papers. Monica: Why not? Chandler: It's wrong. They made a mistake. They think we're somebody else. Monica: God works in mysterious ways. Chandler: You have gotta stop! Monica: But she liked us. Chandler: She likes Doctor Chandler and Reverend Monica. Monica: Well, if you think about it, I am kind of like a Reverend. I mean, as a chef, I serve God, by feeing the hungry and poor. (looks very convinced about what she just said) Chandler: Your Veal Chop is $34,95! Monica: C'mon Chandler, I think we have been given an opportunity. I mean, the mistake has already been made. They are writing up the paper right now. Chandler: But we are not the one she chose! How can you feel okay about this? Monica: (very emotional) Because... We may not be who she thinks we are but no-one will ever love that baby more than us. Chandler: I know.. Monica: I mean, who knows how long it's gonna take for someone else to give us a baby? What if, what if no one ever picks us? Chandler: oh, honey.. Monica: (Almost crying) Please.. please, we are so close. Chandler: Monica, I want a baby too, but this woman is giving away her child. She deserves to know who it's going to.   Monica: (realizes Chandler is right. She's almost crying) okay, right. (They hug) Chandler: So, we'll tell the truth and who knows, maybe she'll like us for us. Monica: (sniffing) Maybe she will. Uh! Why couldn't I have been a Reverend? Chandler: You're Jewish. Monica: Technicality!   [Scene: A restaurant. Joey is on his date with Phoebe’s friend, Sarah. They are sitting opposite each other on a table for two. Their waiter approaches with two plates.] Waiter: A garden salad for the lady (sets the plate down) Joey: Oh, that looks great! Good ordering! Waiter: Seafood platter for the gentleman and extra fries. Enjoy! Sarah: Mmmh, those fries look delicious. Joey: oh, I didn't know you liked French fries. Help yourself! What's mine is yours. (Sarah reaches over and takes a few fries) Sarah: (looks over at Joey's platter) Oh wow, are those stuffed clams? Joey: Uuuh.. yes, they are my stuffed clams. (Sarah, is grinning and starts to reach over to Joey's plate to take a few clams) Joey: How about those fries though, huh? (Holds the plate between Sarah’s fingers and his plate, thus blocking her from reaching his) Sarah: They are delicious (takes a few from the plate, puts one in her mouth and places the rest on her plate, then starts to reach over to Joey's platter again) Joey: (Spotting her movements takes her hand into his own) You are beautiful, you know that? Sarah: Oh, that is so sweet.. Joey: Oh (grinning, trying to hold in his impatience with her) okay.. (she takes her hand back) (Then she reaches over again and Joey moves his plate a little to the left, and she misses, then she reaches out again, and he moves his plate to the right , so she misses again. She tries a third time and this time, Joey pushes his plate so far to the left, it drops off the edge of the table) Joey: (Visibly annoyed) NOW look what you did!! Sarah: What? what is the matter with you? Joey: I don't like it when people take food off of my plate, okay? Sarah: But you just said "What's mine is yours"? Joey: WELL, I DIDN'T MEAN IT! Sarah: Fine, I'm sorry, I didn't think it was that big a deal. Joey: I'm sorry, I'm overreacting. Okay, It's just when it comes to food, I have certain rules, okay, I mean (bends down and with his plate and his hands, scrapes the dropped dinner back onto the plate and puts it back on the table) There are things you do..and you now, things.. (takes something from the plate and blows it a little) that you don't do (He takes a bite from it).  (Sarah looks a little disgusted)   [Scene: Ross and his date walk into a lobby. They are both wearing their jackets]   Girl: Wow, this place looks great. Ross: Oh! You are gonna love it! (The girl is looking in the other direction as Ross is taking off his own coat, revealing the pink and white ladies shirt) and I'm so glad, we're finally doing this. Girl: Me too! (starts to take her coat off) Ross: Here (gets behind her to help. When the coat comes off we see she is wearing the exact same shirt Ross is wearing. They look at each other, shocked. They abruptly put their coat back on) So this was fun! (They leave the room and head into opposite directions)   [Scene: Back at the restaurant with Joey and Sarah. Joey is holding Sarah's hands] Joey: I really am sorry about, you know..before. I just want to make sure you know that I really do like you. Sarah: Sure (smiling) Just not as much as clams. Joey: (Jokingly) Well, stuffed clams. (The waiter arrives with their deserts) Waiter: Chocolate Torte for the lady, cheesecake for the gentleman. Joey: Uh, excuse me sir, there seems to be some sort of red crap on my cheesecake. Waiter: Yes, that's Raspberry coule. Joey: (More to himself than anyone else) So stupid, ordering cheesecake, trying to     be healthy. (pushes it aside) Sarah: (tasting hers) Oh my God! (Looks at the waiter and then to Joey) Joey: Oh, all right, I'll just have what she's having instead. Waiter: Oh, I'm sorry sir, that was our last piece. Sarah: Mmmm! Mmm! (Sarah's beeper starts bleeping) Sarah: Oh, no! This is work. I should call in. Can you excuse me? Joey: Oh yeah, sure. No problem. (Joey's looking at Sarah's dessert, and takes her plate.) Sarah: What are you doing? I thought you don't share food. Joey: Sure I do. (holding up his own dessert) Coule? Sarah: (laughing) No. If I can't have your clams, you can't have my dessert. This is a two way street. Joey: (laughing) Really? Sarah: Really! Now this all better be here when I come back. (puts her plate back at her side of the table) Joey: Yeah, of course. I can control myself. (laughs uneasily and Sarah leaves the room) (Joey sits sideways on his chair, looking at Sarah's chocolate torte, and then looking away from it, nervously playing with his fork, drumming with it on the table every now and then.) Joey: (to the torte) Stop staring at me! (He then straightens himself, and looks at the torte) Joey: Why, just a tiny little... (He takes a little piece of Sarah's dessert. At first he doesn't think it's that special, but then...) Joey: Oh-oh! TIME LAPSE (Sarah enters the room again, and stops when she sees her dessert is missing. Joey has emptied her plate, and has a chocolate covered mouth, just like a kid.) Joey: I'm not even sorry.   [Scene: The Adoption Agency in Ohio. Monica and Chandler are entering.] Erica: Hi! Adoption Agency guy: Hey. Chandler: Hey. Agency guy: So, these are the preliminary forms for an open adoption. There's a lot to go over, but I'll explain everything as we go through it. Monica: (pointing to a picture on the table) I-Is... Is that a picture? Erica: Yeah. It's a sonogram they took of the baby last week. I thought you might want to see it. (gives it to Monica, who looks at it for a long time, and then shows it to Chandler) Monica: Look, doctor! (Chandler takes Monica's hand, and gets serious) Look, before we sign anything we really have to talk...(pause) We're not who you think we are. Agency guy: I don't understand. Chandler: The agency must have made some mistake. My wife is not a reverend and I'm not a doctor. Erica: What? Agency guy: That's impossible. Chandler: I could perform an operation on you and prove it if you'd like. Agency guy: I'll go check your file. Excuse me. Erica: So who are you? Chandler: Well, our names really are Monica and Chandler. We're from New York. Monica: Yeah, but the important thing to know about us, is how much we would care for this little baby. (holds up the sonogram) Erica: So you lied to me before? Monica: Well, we... (makes quotation signs in the air) "bore false witness"... See I could be a reverend. Erica: I can't believe this.  Monica: But we were hoping that since we told you the truth that you still might consider... Erica: Giving you my baby? You think I'd give you my child after this? Monica: Well, you don't have to decide right now, but if you could just look at our file... Erica: I don't want to look at your file! This is over. (She leaves the room, but Chandler runs after her. They meet in the hallway.) Chandler: Erica wait! Erica: I've nothing to say to you. (walks a few paces) Chandler: You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again. Erica: Why don't you ask the reverend to pray on it? Chandler: Erica, please. Just consider us. Ask them to see our file. Our last name's Bing. My wife's a chef and I'm in advertising. Erica: Oh yeah. I actually liked you guys. But it doesn't matter, because what you did was wrong. (walks away again, but Chandler catches up with her again) Chandler: But you did like us. And you should. My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this but the woman's always right... I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I... It kills me that I can't give her a baby... I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife... she's already there. She's a mother... without a baby... Please? (They look at each other. We switch back to Monica. Chandler opens the door and she turns to look at him.) Chandler: You still want that baby? (Monica plays those words back in her mind and then smiles and runs to Chandler, who is twisting with joy. They hug.) Monica: God bless you Chandler Bing! COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene: Central Perk. Joey's on the couch when Ross walks to him, with his jacket closed.] Ross: Turns out this sweater is made for a woman. Joey: (nods) So, why are you still wearing it? Ross: Because it's soft... Hey, so how was your date? Joey: Ooh... Not so good. Ross: Well, looks like it's just the two of us tonight, huh old buddy? Joey: Yeah, and you know what? We could do a lot worse. (they shake hands the way friends would. There's a muffin on the table, and Ross breaks off a piece and wants to put it in his mouth.) Joey: (shouting to Ross) JOEY DOESN'T SHARE FOOD! (Ross puts the piece back on the plate) end     
Phoebe: Yeah, yeah but I am not sure about some of the bra's I got.
Phoebe: Oh! okay. Wait, are we in Joey's imagination?
Phoebe: oh, well, Ross probably has it, you can get it from him later.
Teleplay by: Tracy Reilly    Written by: Andrew Reich &amp; Ted Cohen     Produced by: Robert Carlock &amp; Wendy Knoller   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug, Sebastiano &amp; Vanessa [Flashback scene from last week, Monica and Chandler's kitchen,    Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler are there.] Jennifer: Previously on Friends... Chandler: How did the job stuff go? Rachel: He offered me one. Ross: (gasps) You know what? This calls for a bottle of Israels finest. Rachel: The job is in Paris. (we see Ross stare in disbelief)  FADE OUT Rachel: Oh, God! Please, somebody  say something. Ross: So if you take this job you'll be moving to Paris? Chandler: Or facing a bitch of a commute. Rachel: I know, it's huge, and it's scary, and it's... really far, far away    from you guys, but this is such an incredible opportunity for me. And I've already    talked to them about our situation with Emma, and they said they'll do whatever    we need to make us feel comfortable. Ross: Okay. Rachel: I mean, I'll fly back and forth, they'll fly you out...    Anything we want. Chandler: My boss said I might be getting a new lamp in my cubicle. (Monica    looks at him and can't really place what he just said) Ross: All right, we'll work it out. Rachel: Thank you! Thank you! Ross: Yeah, yeah! (they hug) You sure this is what you want? Rachel: I think it is. (Ross looks very sad. Phoebe    and Joey enter.) Phoebe: Ooh, what's going on? Rachel: I got a really incredible job offer. Joey: Hey, great! All right! Phoebe: Good for you! Rachel: It's in Paris. Joey: What? No, no, no! No, no... no... no, no... No, too much is changing,    okay? First, Phoebe getting married (to Phoebe) Congratulations! (pointing to    Monica and Chandler)... and then these two move into a stupid house in the stupid    suburbs... Monica: Hey, this afternoon you said you'd be supportive... Joey: Well, it comes and goes. I wouldn't trust it. Rachel: Look, you guys... this is really, really important to me. And it means    a lot if you could try to get on board. Phoebe: Of course we can. Congratulations. (they hug, but Joey shakes his head.)    Yay! (she gestures Joey to come and join in) Joey... Joey: No, no, no. My hugs are reserved for people STAYING IN AMERICA. Rachel: (walking towards Joey) Joey, it would mean so... Joey: Hey! No! Get your France-going-arms away from me. (He walks out, and    Rachel follows him) Rachel: Joey... Phoebe: You okay with this? Chandler: Well, it makes me feel sad, but... Phoebe: Talking to Ross. Chandler: I see. Ross: Well, Rachel moving to another country? Not being able to see her every    day. How can I be okay with this? Monica: I know, but what are we gonna do? She really needs this job. Ross: Do you think if the Ralph Lauren people offered her her old job back,    she would take it? Monica: How is that gonna happen? Chandler: Is this the best way to use one of your three magic wishes? Ross: I don't know. I could talk to her boss. Yeah! I met him at that Christmas    party. We really hit it off. Monica: You mean the guy who kept calling you Ron? Ross: I didn't say we were brothers.    OPENING CREDITS  [Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe's reading a newspaper. Chandler    and Monica walk in.] Monica: Hey Phoebe. Hey, tell me what you think. All right. The house next    door to the one that we're buying in Westchester? Just went on the market. I wanna    take a look at it, but Chandler doesn't. Chandler: We close escrow tomorrow, so seeing another house can only confuse    us, and we're easily confused. We're not very bright. Monica: But what if it is better than ours? Should we at least look? Chandler: What do you think Pheebs? Phoebe: Well, I think that shirt makes you look like you should work at a Baskin    Robbins... Anyway... Hey, isn't Joey's agent Estelle Leonard? Chandler: Yeah. Phoebe: She died. Chandler: You're kidding! Monica: That's terrible! Phoebe: Yeah, last Saturday. Wow! She was the first black man to fly solo across    the Atlantic. (Chandler and Monica look puzzled) Oh, wait a minute, I read the    wrong one. Chandler: Oh yeah?  Phoebe: Yeah, she was just an agent. Monica: Joey's gonna be *so* upset.  Chandler: I know. *He* always wanted to be the first black man to cross the    Atlantic. Phoebe: Well, we cannot tell Joey about this. He's already flipping out about    everything that's changing. This will push him over the edge. Monica: Seriously, you don't think we should tell him? Phoebe: Well, not for a little while. Let's just give him a few days to get    used to everything else. Monica: What if he reads it in the paper? Chandler: Unless Snoopy says it to Charlie Brown, I think we're okay.  [Scene: Ralph Lauren. Mr Zelner's office. Ross knocks on the    door and enters.] Mr Zelner: May I help you? Ross: Yeah, I'm a friend of Rachel Green's. Uhm, actually we met at the Christmas    party about two years ago. Mr Zelner: Oh right, uhm, Don? Ross: Close. Ron. (shakes hands) Mr Zelner: Uh... What can I do for you? Ross: Uhm, well... I'm here to see if you'll give Rachel her job back. Mr Zelner: Ah, did she ask you to come here and do this? Ross: Oh, no. At first I have to get you to agree. Then we'll    see if she wants to come back. Mr Zelner: Wow, that is tempting.  Ross: Look, she loved her job here. And let's face    it: you're not gonna find anyone who did it as well as she did it. Isn't that    true? Mr Zelner: She is good! Ross: (surprised) Huh, I took a shot there. Mr Zelner: But I'm sorry. There's nothing I can do... Ah,    it's not true, there is... nothing I want to do. Ross: I see... Thanks very much. (he gets up and walks to the door. On his    way out he looks at the photographs Mr Zelner has near his door. He picks one    up.) Is this your son?  Mr Zelner: Yeah, his name is Ross. (Ross looks very surprised) What? Ross: Oh, nothing, it’s just, it’s close to Ron. Does he.. Does    little Ross like dinosaurs by any chance?  Mr Zelner: Yeah, they're all he talks about, why? Ross: How would he like to come with me to the Museum of Natural History after    everyone else has left, just the two of us, and he can touch anything he wants.    (Mr. Zellner looks shocked). I just heard it as you must have heard it and that’s    not good. Let me start again. I’m a paleontologist, you’ll be there    with us and the touching refers only to bones… fossils! Mr Zelner: You can really arrange that? Ross: You let Rachel come back, and it’s done.  Mr Zelner: Well, I guess having Rachel back wouldn’t be the worst thing    in the world. Ross: Yeah! Yes! Thank you! This is great. Thank you so much. And I swear,    your kid is going to have the time of his life. Mr Zelner: That’s great. I worry about little Ross. He’s always    reading, he's collecting rocks and he’s obsessed with dinosaurs. Ross: He’ll be fine.  [Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe’s reading, Joey has just entered    the room] Joey: Hey Phoebe. Phoebe: Hey. Everything ok? Joey: I’m just mad at my agent. Phoebe: Estelle? Why? Joey: There’s a part in a TV movie that I would be perfect for and I    didn’t even be put up for it! She’d better have a good reason. Phoebe: I’m guessing she does.  Joey: Well (taking his cell phone out of a pocket) I’m wanna hear it,    because she keeps doing this. Phoebe: Well, no, no, wait, wait, wait. All right, I gotta go. Just listen. Promise me, that you    will wait a minute before you call her. Joey: Ok. Why? Phoebe: Because a promise between friends means never having to give a reason.    (she leaves) Joey: I love that saying! (Phoebe is outside, taking her cell phone out of her bag and making a call.    Joey is inside, and his mobile phone starts ringing). Joey: Hello? Phoebe (doing Estelle): Joey, it’s Estelle. Joey: I was just gonna call you! That’s weird. Phoebe-Estelle: It’s a little coincidental, but believable.    (Joey nods in agreement). Listen, I’m sure you’re wondering why    I didn’t get you an audition for that TV movie. Joey: Yeah, actually I am! Phoebe-Estelle: I guess I dropped the ball there. Whoopsie!   Joey: That’s it? You know, it seems all you do lately is drop the ball. Phoebe-Estelle: Don’t take that tone with me. Who you    think you are? Alan Lemond, the first black man to fly solo across the Atlantic? Joey: No, no, look. All I’m saying is that you’re my agent, ok?    And you’re not getting me into any auditions and I’m tired of it. Phoebe-Estelle: What are you saying? Joey: I’m saying that… (pause). This isn't  working for me    anymore, ok? Estelle, you’re fired. Goodbye. (he hangs up the phone). Phoebe: Man, tough week for Estelle!   [Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel’s there and Ross    enters the room with a stuffed dinosaur] Ross: Hi. Rachel: Hi. Ross: Emma left her stuffed t-rex at my house. You know she can’t sleep    without it. Rachel: Oh, well, she’s asleep now. Stop forcing that thing on her. Ross: Ok. Rachel: Oh, you’re not gonna believe what happened to me today! Ralph    Lauren called, and gave me my job back! Ross: Nooo! Rachel: Yee. I mean, it was so weirdest thing. They fired me and then out    of nowhere they just hire me back! I mean, that place must have been falling    apart without me. Ross: So, you’re not going to Paris. Rachel: No, I’m still going. Ross: Wh… wh…what? Rachel: When the Louis Vuitton people found out that Ralph Lauren wanted me back,    the offered me more money! Isn’t that great? Ross: Yeeeah! (They high-five)    [Scene: house next to the one the Bings are moving into. Chandler    and Monica knock, a lady opens the door.] Monica: Hi. We’re buying the house next door, and we were wondering if we  could just take a look around. Lady: Oh, sure. I’m showing it to someone else right now,    but please, look around. Monica: Thanks. Chandler: It feels like we’re cheating on our house.    And if we’re gonna cheat, shouldn’t it be with like a hot, younger house,    that does stuff that our house won’t do? Monica: Ours is so much better! This living room is smaller, the dining room looks    like a cave! What a hole! Lady: So? What do you think? Monica: Love it! Lady: Well, we already have one offer on it, and I think the lady    upstairs is goning to make another one. Monica: They could be our neighbors, what are they like? Lady: Oh, the woman upstairs is very nice. She and her husband have two kids,    he's on Wall Street and she… Janice: Oh my God! (Chandler and Monica are speechless). Chandler (to Monica): Sure.  [Scene: Joey’s apartment. He’s there and Phoebe comes    in.] Phoebe: Hey Joey, want come with me to… are you ok? Joey: Yeah, I just… I just feel bad about firing Estelle. This is got to be    killing her. Phoebe: No, that wouldn’t kill her. Ordinary embolism might. Joey: I don’t know. She’s got to be taking it hard, I was like    her only client. Except for this guy who eats paper. And I’m guessing    he eats more money than he makes. Look, I know she’s not a great agent, but    she did stick with me for ten years. I’m gonna call her and hire her again. Phoebe: No, no, no! Don't call her! You wait for her to call    you (Joey considers it) Joey: Why? Phoebe: Because patience is the road to understanding (she thinks) which ...    is the key... to a happy heart. Joey: (impressed) You blow me away.  Phoebe: (picking up her bag) All right, so promise you're gonna wait for her    to call you? Joey: I promise. And that means, never having to give a reason. (Phoebe stops    herself from laughing and leaves)   [Scene: The house Monica and Chandler are viewing. Janice comes    down the stairs.] Janice: What a small world! Chandler: And yet I never run into Beyonce! Realtor: You two know each other? Janice: Oh, we go way back. Before Monica made an honest man    out of him, Chandler used to be my little love muffin! (does her irritating    laugh). So? Are you guys thinking of getting this house too? Ooh! Are we gonna    have a bidding war? I'd better warn you, I'm a toughie (playfully punches Chandler,    who tries to get away from her) Chandler: (at Janice's punching) Don't, don't! (looks disgusted) Monica: No, actually, we're buying the house next door. (Janice gasps) Chandler: (To Monica and with bulging eyes) Why!? Monica: (looks confused and scared) I don't know    why. Janice: Ooh, that decides it then. I was on the fence.    But knowing that you two would be our neighbors? Ah! now we have to    get it! (Chandler and Monica are utterly shocked) Ellen, we're going to talk    numbers. (Grabs Ellen by her elbow and pulls her outside)  Chandler: This can not be happening! Monica: Okay, the realtor said another couple made an offer.    Maybe the Janice's won't get it! Maybe the other couple will. Chandler: The only way that that is going to happen, is if the other couple    are the Hitlers. Monica: (Thinks a little more) Okay, Okay, (clapping her hands)    All right. What if we got both houses? Huh? We can turn this house    into a guest house. Chandler: That is a great idea! And by the way, I don't mean to sound distasteful,    but when did you start crapping money!? Monica: Okay, you come up with an idea. Chandler: Alright alright, we still have three hours till escrow closes on    our house. We can still get out. Monica: But we love our house. Chandler: Will we love it so much with her next door? And she's gonna be louder    out here too. Just the crickets and (apes Janice's voice) "Oh My God"!   Monica: Okay, but if we don't get this house, she's stil gonna show up wherever    we go! I mean, at least if she's here, it eliminates the element of suprise.    I mean, never again will you have to hear the three words that make your balls    jump back up inside your body. (She shows this with her index finger, mimicking    it pushing something up) Chandler: (looks afraid, but at the same time, knows she's right) Well, we    have to do something. We can't have her living next door. (Janice's laughs loudly    outside) Oh, that does it too. (Motions with his index finger like Monica did)   [Scene: Mr. Zellner's office. There is a knock on the door.] r Zelner: Who is it? Ross: (enters) It's me. Ron. (Mr. Zellner looks annoyed)    Look, I um, I now Rachel turned you down but I think there is a way you might    be able to get her to come back.  Mr Zelner: This may surprise you, but re-hiring fired employees,    is not my main job. Ross: Just hear me out. How would you feel about offering her a raise? (looks    hopeful) Mr Zelner: (obviously amused) Not good, Ron.  Ross: Perhaps I can persuade you. What if you can give your son this (Takes    a huge egg out of his back) genuine pterodactyl egg (whispers) replica. Mr Zelner: (Takes a long look at the egg while he considers it) Wow, that's    pretty cool (Takes the egg from Ross) Ross: Huh? So? We have a deal? Mr Zelner: Okay, you got it. Ross: Yes! yes!  Mr Zelner: This is gonna make me very popular. Ross: Oh, (grins) Believe me, the ladies, they love it! Mr Zelner: (looks at Ross, for a long moment, confused) I meant with my son. Ross: Good, 'cause the ladies, not so much. (shakes his head, give him a thumbs    up and leaves)   [Scene: Joey's apartment. He walks in reading his mail, and plays    back his messages on the answering machine] Answering machine: Joey, this is Al T. Booker, (Looks annoyed  that he called him) the guy who eats paper. I'm sure you've heard that Estelle  passed away. (Looks shocked) I wanted to let you know there's a memorial for her  at the Westside chapel, tomorrow at ten. Hope you can make it.  Joey: Oh my God. (Still in shock when his mobile rings, he picks it up) Hello? Phoebe: (on the other side of the line, still pretending to be Estelle) Joey,    it's Estelle. (Joey's eyes bulge up, he looks afraid) Joey: Estelle? Phoebe: Yeah, I wanted to call and tell you that there's no hard feelings for    firing me. Joey: (still scared) Ok-ay. I just, I can't believe you're calling me? Phoebe: Well, I didn't think I should just drop by... Joey: No, no, no! (Starts looking around the room, terrified) Don't drop by,    don't drop by! Phoebe: Anyway, you did what you had to do. I'm okay. Joey: Can I ask you something? Uhm, what's it like there? Phoebe: (Looks around) It's alright. Look kiddo, I gotta go. Good luck with    the career. You're gonna be huge. Joey: Thanks for everything Estelle. Bye. (Hangs up and reads the phone display)    "out of area". Boy, I'll say.   [Scene: The house next door to Chandler and Monica's new house.    Chandler is pacing worriedly through the living room when Janice enters.] Janice: Well... I just talked to Sid, we are definitely putting in an offer on  the house... a-a-and I'll bet we get it. Chandler: The Hitlers will be so disappointed. Janice: All right, I got to run. Tell Monica I say goodbye. And... I'll see    you later, neighbor. (Janice laugh) Chandler: Wait! I just want you to know that... I'm so happy you're going to    be here. Janice: Oh, me too... (laughs) Chandler: Because... that way... we can pick up where we left off. Janice: Huh? Chandler: I never stopped loving you. Janice: Oh... my... Chandler: Yeah, yeah, yeah! I want you... I need you... I must have you Janice    Litman Goralnik Neihosenstein. Janice: Chandler, what are you talking about? Chandler: Now that you live next door, we can be together every day. Sid and    Monica never have to know a thing. Janice: I don't know what to say... I mean, you know, obviously we have this...    heat between us. Chandler: (stunned) Obviously. Janice: But I love my husband. And I know you love your wife. Now, I don't    think we should get this house now. Chandler: Don't say that. Don't tangle the dream and take it away. Janice: Chandler, one of us has got to be strong. Chandler: I understand. Janice: Although, maybe just... one last moment of weakness... (she kisses    Chandler flat on the mouth. Chandler squirms. When she's finished, he looks    at her lovingly but uneasily.) Goodbye Chandler Bing. (She leaves) Chandler: (speaking as in pain) They're never coming down now.   [Scene: Ross's apartment. Ross is working on his laptop when    Rachel enters with Emma.] Rachel: Hi! Ross: Hey! Rachel: You are never going to believe what happened to me today. Ross: What? Rachel: Ralph Lauren called again and they offered    me more money. Ross: They did? Rachel: Yeah. It was the weirdest thing. Zelner called me and he said we'll    do everything we can to get you back. And that I should thank some Ron... I    don't even know what department that guy's in. Ross: So, what are you gonna do? Rachel: Well, I took it. Ross: That's great! So you're staying in New York! Both: YAY! WHOO! YAY! Ross: You're excited, right? Rachel: (hesitant) Ye-ah. Yeah! You know, the money's great.    It's certainly the easier choice... Ross: Right! Rachel: Yeah, you know, was I looking forward to going to    Paris? Sure. You know, was I excited about working in the fashion capital    of the world? Ooh, absolutely... Oh...! Yeah, but you know, this is... it's    fine. I'm fine going back to a job where I've pretty much gotten everything out of    that I possibly can... (she sits down, and Ross who is stunned to hear all this    follows her example) Ross: Uhm, I hadn't no you... I had no idea you were so excited about Paris.    Uhm, I mean, you said you were scared. Rachel: Well yeah, but I mean, it was good scared though, you know? Like when    I-moved-to-New-York scared. Or uhm, when I-found-out-I-was-gonna-have-Emma scared...    But this is... fine. This is gonna be good. (they both stare around) Ross: (after a long pause) You should go. Rachel: What? Ross: It's what you want. You should go. Rachel: You really think so? Ross: I really do. Rachel: But I already told Zelner that I would come back... Ross: (picks up a skull of some carnivore from his side table and puts it in    the same bag in which he brought the pterodactyl egg to Zelner) I'm sure he'll    understand. Rachel: All right. ALL RIGHT! I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna go to Paris. Ross: Yeah... Rachel: Yeah! I'm going to Paris. Thank you, Ross! Ross: Yeah, yeah, oh! (They hug) Rachel: Oh! Oh, I'm so happy. Ross: Then I'm happy too. (They're still hugging - fade out) COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene: Estelle's memorial service. Joey is giving a speech.    Next to him is a blown op photograph of Estelle behind her desk and there's    a man standing next to him.] Joey: Thank you all for coming. We're here today to pay respects    to a wonderful agent and a beautiful woman... (Joey looks at the photograph)    ..inside. As Estelle's only two clients we would like to say a few words. (Joey    looks for his notes. The man next to him is chewing something.) Dude, where's    my speech? (the man swallows something and looks at Joey.) That is    entertaining. Al Zebooker everybody. (he applauds and Al shows that there's    nothing left in his mouth.) THE END   
Phoebe: Ooh, what's going on?
Phoebe: Good for you!
Phoebe: Of course we can. Congratulations. (they hug, but Joey shakes his head.)    Yay! (she gestures Joey to come and join in) Joey...
Phoebe: You okay with this?
Phoebe: Talking to Ross.
Phoebe: Well, I think that shirt makes you look like you should work at a Baskin    Robbins... Anyway... Hey, isn't Joey's agent Estelle Leonard?
Phoebe: She died.
Phoebe: Yeah, last Saturday. Wow! She was the first black man to fly solo across    the Atlantic. (Chandler and Monica look puzzled) Oh, wait a minute, I read the    wrong one.
Phoebe: Yeah, she was just an agent.
Phoebe: Well, we cannot tell Joey about this. He's already flipping out about    everything that's changing. This will push him over the edge.
Phoebe: Well, not for a little while. Let's just give him a few days to get    used to everything else.
Phoebe: Hey. Everything ok?
Phoebe: Estelle? Why?
Phoebe: I’m guessing she does.
Phoebe: Well, no, no, wait, wait, wait. All right, I gotta go. Just listen. Promise me, that you    will wait a minute before you call her.
Phoebe: Because a promise between friends means never having to give a reason.    (she leaves)
Phoebe: Man, tough week for Estelle!
Phoebe: Hey Joey, want come with me to… are you ok?
Phoebe: No, that wouldn’t kill her. Ordinary embolism might.
Phoebe: No, no, no! Don't call her! You wait for her to call    you (Joey considers it)
Phoebe: Because patience is the road to understanding (she thinks) which ...    is the key... to a happy heart.
Phoebe: (picking up her bag) All right, so promise you're gonna wait for her    to call you?
Phoebe: (on the other side of the line, still pretending to be Estelle) Joey,    it's Estelle. (Joey's eyes bulge up, he looks afraid)
Phoebe: Yeah, I wanted to call and tell you that there's no hard feelings for    firing me.
Phoebe: Well, I didn't think I should just drop by...
Phoebe: Anyway, you did what you had to do. I'm okay.
Phoebe: (Looks around) It's alright. Look kiddo, I gotta go. Good luck with    the career. You're gonna be huge.
